164 ContributorsThat’s That Lyrics
Already woke, spared a joke, barely spoke, rarely smoke
Stared at folks when properly provoked, mirror broke
Here, share a strawberry morning
Gone, an more important spawning, torn in, poor men sworn in
Cornish hens switching positions
Auditioning morticians, saw it in a vision, ignoring prison
Ignoramuses enlist and sound dumb
Found 'em drowned in cow's dung, crowns flung
Rings a Tinkerbell, sing for things that's frail as a fingernail
Bring a scale, stale ginger lingers
Seven figures invigor
Nigga, fresh from out the jail, alpha male
Sickest ninja injury this century, enter plea
Lend sympathy to limp-wrist Simple Simon rhymin' emcees
Trees is free, please leave a key
These meager fleas, he's the breeze
And she's the bee's knees for sheez, G's of G's
Seize property, shopper sprees, chop the cheese
Drop degrees to stop diseases, gee-whiz, Pa!
DOOM rock grandma like the kumbaya
Mama was a ho hopper, papa was a rolling stone
Star like Obama, pull a card like oh, drama
Civil liberties
These little titties' abilities riddle me, middle C (Ahhhh!)
Mmm, give a MC a rectal hysterectomy
Lecture on removal of the bowels, foul technically
Don't expect to see the recipe
Until we receive the check as well as the collection fee
More wreck than Section Z, what you expect to get for free?
Shit from me, history
The key, plucked it off the mayor
Chucked it in the ol' tar pit off La Brea, player
They say he's gone too far
DOOM'll catch em after Jumah on cue lacka!
Do whatcha gotta do, grarrrr
The rumors are not true, got two ma
No prob, got the job, hot bod, heartthrob
Scotchguard the bar with cotton swabs, dart lob
Bake a cake, sweet, Jamaica trade in treats on the beach
Make her skeet 'til her feets meet
You might also like
Can it be I stayed away too long?
Did you miss these rhymes when I was gone?
As you listen to these crazy tracks
Check them stats then you know where I'm at
And that's that
Look, there's Doom now!
I followed him to the studio, but I was too late to stop him
That's right! You'll never stop me!
You're dead! You're all dead! Doom!53Embed