10 ContributorsNiggaz Never Learn Lyrics
Things been said, plenty rumors been spread
Many many many new jacks got it in they head
That they can raise up on this and put the Kane in fright
He-he, Yeah right!
Listen, you're just as soft as baby powder
Don't let your mouth get you in somethin'
Your rhymes can't get you out of
Some good advice is don't even come out my way
You better press upon Chucky if you're lookin' for Child's Play
'Cause I'm a grown ass man in total command
One of the best to ever be and
No other can ever take a stand
When I kick a verse, the scene becomes so scary
That niggas get quiet like a library
I pick up the mic like a hunter in hot pursuit
Oh, you want some of this? Then put that mic on mute
Because you'll be in more danger than Penelope Pitstop
Point blank, you get your shit dropped
I got a death blow whenever I throw
With double impact to take out the whole row
Huh, I start swingin' again and again
You'll hear so many “Ooh-ah's” you'll think it was Boyz II Men
I break down, shakedown, proceed down, beat down
Back down, smackdown, rip down, get down
Showdown, throwdown, rundown, come down! (DJ rewinds)
Here's a little message for your own concern
You try to press up on this and get burned
A battle with a non-believe is what I yearn
Damn, niggas never learn
You might also likeNiggas!
This is for your own concern”
You must learn
Niggas!
This is for your own concern
You must learn
Niggas!
This is for your own concern
You must learn
Niggas!
This is for your own concern
You must learn
If you ever see a jam playin' you can bet that damn Kane
Will make it sparkle and bubble like champagne
Dom Perignon I'm the Don of the set
And I'll bet, that the girls, will agree
That the B, the-I-G, D-A-double-D-Y Superfly feel
Like Ron O'Neal, gets ill, I got it goin' on
Word is bond, I'm more Dangerous
Than Michael Jackson, hah, sha-mon!
So, I don't attract with the wick-wick-wack
So take a step back, you new, new, new jack
'Cause young boy, all of your rhymes are pre-natal
Mines are fatal, 'cause I got The Hand That Rocks the Cradle
So stay in your crib pen, before you get did in
Uhh, I mean done in, you gets none and
The last rapper to press upon me wrong was
Umm... damn it's been that long!
So competin' is not a smart decision
'Cause I start to dissin', then start dismissin'
You're tryin' to battle with me well Goddamn scram
The style that you're usin' is as old as a Trans-Am
Update yourself just like an 850
Shift see, oh what's the use you still can't with me
Many MC's tried their best to press up
But I guess, their best wasn't good enough
I'm not Robert Townsend, but every time I speak
I'll leave a rapper's chest beatin' like he had Five Heartbeats
Knockin' out comp like Rocky Balboa
And I make more noise than a lawnmower
For my stacks, I worked hard to earn
Bein' the bigger the better the badder the boss
The brother to break em when bringin' the bomb
To blow up the Boogie Down-
(Inhales, deep sigh)
Damn, niggas never learn!Embed