24 ContributorsNew York Giants Lyrics
C'mon..
Yeah yeah.. uhh, uh-huh..
(Oh shit!) Hehehe.. (Ohhh shit!!)
C'mon (yeah yeah) c'mon!!
Uhh, yeah, this is the motherfuckin uncut
Long time comin, ya heard?
M.O.P. (c'mon, uhh) Big motherfuckin Punisher
 What'cha gon' do?
Uhh.. Terror Squad (yeah)
Bronx.. Brook-lawn collabo'
 Yo, yo, yo..
Ya heard me?

This is for my twenty-five to life bidders
Pork fried rice eaters
New York, New York - ice rockin tight wifebeaters
We the truth, don't let your dead body be the proof
Leave your wisdom rotten with holes - and I don't mean your tooth
I'm hundred proof, that's perfect percentage
Since birth I inherit the gift to spit a verse that reverse the apparent
The spirit's born, here to bring life to the dormant
Right where you snoring from night to the morning
Bless the mic like Elijah Muhammad
Or Christ how you want it? I got what you need
From God to the streets, come on motherfucker you talkin to me?
Big Pun!! The papichulo out to screw you
Bop with the dumb Glock
Hunchback, like Quasimoto
You might also like
 Set off the sirens
 Form the alliance
 South Bronx, Brook-lawn nigga
 New York Giants (c'mon!)
 Leave em brainless
 Hit em with the stainless
 It's the..
"World's.. world's.. world's famous!"
 C'mon - violence!
 Form the alliance
 South Bronx, Brook-lawn pa-pa
 New York Giants
 Leave em brainless
 Hit em with the stainless
 It's the..
"World's.. world's.. world's famous!"

I bring death to your front door like an escort from Hell
Or ring the bell like you wanna just talk, and just - rock your world
Like Dahved Levy, my Squad get busy if you try to diss me
Cock the glizzy give you one back peace to 'Pac and Biggie
Cause my commitee ain't only known for the flowin
Put they holes in your colon send you rollin like when you're bowlin
A perfect strike - let me show y'all niggas what I learned from Ike
I hurt your wife - put the trife ass in the earth aight?
I'm shootin at you - and that's off the top like Supernatural
Attribute your crew turn those goons to statue like Medusa was lookin at you
Clap you with your own heat - Homie
If this was L.A., I'd be a motherfuckin O.G
 Set off the sirens
 Form the alliance
 South Bronx, Brook-lawn nigga
 New York Giants (c'mon!)
 Leave em brainless
 Hit em with the stainless
 It's the..
"World's.. world's.. world's famous!"
 Violence
 Form the alliance
 B.X
 Violence
 B.K
 Violence

I breaks the world off with a bang (BANG!)
"How About Some.." FUCK THAT! Look nigga, you know the name
It's the One slash, Seven-One-Eight, slash
M dot O dot P dot, First Family dot
Boogie Down, Brooklyn (DAMN YOU)
Step the fuck back, before I get Big Pun to earth-slam you
I rep for my cellblock niggas
And cats from Puerto Rico, Uptown screamin out, "Perrico!"
Yep, this nigga strike, I've survived mad nigga fights
Lil' Fame, insane brain, to fill your gigabytes
Merc out on machines with loud pipes
Niggabytes, six-double-oh's, and ?? bikes
You want Seven One Eight Terror (SQUAD), William (DANZE)
First (FAM).. easy soldier!
I'm not a killer, I just pop a lot
Grew up in Brownsville, in a brownstone, by a vacant lot
Satan's got - my mind, my body, and my - SOUULLLLLLLL
Ohh! I don't blame you; you switched your gameplan
When you found out your main man was named Danze
Nigga - I'm filled with anger!
You fuckin with a hooded soldier, Cobra your life is in danger
(FIRST FAMILY STYLE) all the way out
BANG (BANG) BANG (BANG)
Till your brains hang out1Embed