4 ContributorsTo Be Your Man Lyrics
Mmmm, mmm, mmm!

My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
This must be what you call, love at first sight
When you commit yourself to someone
And don't even know wrong from right (wrong from right)
Looks like my feelings been united with you baby
But maybe just a little bit too soon
I realized that hearts get broken, sweetheart
I couldn't stand the wound (can't stand the wound)
So I put mines in your hands girl
And it's all yours my dear
But you got to be gentle, cause it's fragile see
That means handle with care (handle with care)
Heh, reminisce on how I first met you
You remember... backstage at my show
I thought that I was the star until I saw you
But I did not love her (I did not love her)
Escapin' from the crowd to be alone with you
Cause I had oh so much to say
As we sat down in my dressing room girl, huh
And just talked the entire night away
From that moment on, I felt that I knew you
Just like the back of my hand (I love you, I love you)
Loved you like I never loved another (I loved you)
And dreamt of being your man
You might also like
How would it feel?
To be your man?
How would it feel?
To be your man?

Just think of the first time that we went out to the movies
When we went to see that picture
Ahhhhhh, I was on the first thing smokin'
Just to fly down there to getcha (I gotta getcha)
And what about the time that I called you long distance
On my car telephone (and I was alone)
Now that's what I call reachin' out to touch somebody in a million dollar zone
But you see, it didn't matter sweatheart, nah baby
Cause I'd call Mars for you
Climb the highest mountain to be by your side
Word to mother, cause my love is true (my love is true)
Girl, if you could just understand (try to understand)
All the things that I'd do
Just for the sake of me, Kane, bein your man

How would it feel?
To be your man?
How would it feel?
To be your man?
(Do it to em Blue Magic!)
(Howwww does it feel) How would it feel?
(Just to be your man) To be your man?
(I want to know)
How would it feel? (So whatchu sayin baby?)
To be your man? (So whatchu sayin baby?)
(Ooooo-ooooooooooo)
How would it feel? (Be your man)
To be your man? (Can I be your man?)
(I'll be good to you)
(So good to you)
How would it feel?
To be your man?
(I'll be good to you)
How would it feel? (Oooooooooooo)
(C'mon girl)
To be your man? (yeah, yeah)
(Be so good to you)Embed