3 ContributorsBig T vs. O Red Lyrics
Last time I was here they booed me I ain't quite know how to do with that
So now it's 2 options, it's either you relax
You can clap or you get clapped!
A nigga boo me I'm stopping midway through the rap like {​​​*Cocks gun*}​​​
WHO WAS THAT?!
Cause if a nigga could boo my rounds I brought a couple rounds that could boo him back
Boo! Boo! Boo!
Listen Red... I heard he wanted to shoot a fair one in Jersey
I said, "Fuck that, I want a neutral place to rock"
Nigga, I know Joe Lite and my nigga Fox
Them a couple of New York niggas from the block
So bring 0 in the middle of the BX
Oh, y'all think I'm talking bout the Bronx
I said bring 0 in the middle of the BX, I was talking bout a BOX!
This nigga Red talking 'bout let's box?
Put a finger on me a bitch dying Pinky ring finger will be somewhere where they gotta get divers
Middle/index will be somewhere where they lit fire
And they gon find his thumbs up on the side of the road like a hitchhiker
See this guy must be high, probably
Your must be smoking that Bob Marley or sniffing that Chris Farley
You ever think of fucking with mine, Charlie
I be at his crib behind his furniture with more barrels than a wine party
Soon as he turn on the lights we popping up at his crib like a surprise party
You know why you can't swim with T, Red?
Cause you can't tread like that T, READ, you also spell "TREAD" like that
You don't get no street cred cause the streets don't see (C) Red like that
C, RED, see, you also spell CRED like that
Ain't no bitches IG'n 0 Red, but he used to getting ignored like that
I-G-N-O-RED, you also get IGNORED like that
We know how your setups be 0 Red, but we tired of gettin' bored like that
To B(e) 0 Red, you also get BORED like that
I got a hella lot of 'phors like that
Cause I can't think of shit
Lyrically I think he sick, personality wise I think it's shit
I'm gon get back to these bars just give me a second to speak a bit
See Red, shouldn't you be bad every time you battle a top nigga
They don't bring they shit because if you lose or beat 0 Red
It's not meaning shit, it's meaningless, I'm mean as shit Personality weak as shit
But come up with the same damn flow every time you see his shit
It's a whole bunch of *rambles*
Take a scheme you flip, repeat your shit
And just say what he would've did if he's me and shit
See Smack must be trying to challenge me
Cause you know he got the upper advantage if he battle me
Cause how do I come up with personals against a nigga with no personality?
Since you like to pick out what niggas be like, Instagram
This nigga dead, ripped to shreds, I'm stripping every inch of dread
This pistol lead sharp and on point, it's like a pencil lead
I'll put a beam on a nigga, I always had it in for red (Infared)
Mr. Red, why I shouldn't even be in the mist of Red?
I heard that horse playing gave him a mouth like Mr. Ed
And can't miss the red, beam like a spotlight, I won't miss the Red
Blood splatter everywhere, it'll only be a mist of red
Are you going against me Red?
This the (?) versus Cotto
Mayweather versus Cotto
Joe Fraizer vers'Jojo......
Simmons
9 out the pocket, Ton' Romo
Push this clown red wig to the side, no Bozo
0 Red, you know what's in common with a target?
The 0 Red Give 'em a clip, slip, gave him another one, I owed/O'd Red
Surf and Suge over the body like, "No 0 Red!"
My bullets speaking in different languages like the old Red
Mr. Chalakaboo back but he boo boo blaka and shit
Mr. Boo Baka and shit, lou wop, pop in the clip
Chopper equipped, "Frah! Frah! Frah! Frahka!" his shit
Rocket launchers and shit, baka his shit
*Reload sound*
"Bop! Bop! Bop! Baka!" his shit
Pop in the clip on the Eagle so long it look like an Ostrich and shit
One pop/pap smear this pussy, I gynecolo your shit! QUIET!
You might also like
URL I'm back!
Sorry T, I gotta get rid of you nigga
Smack paid me extra to finish you nigga
Before I start though, I brought a gift for you nigga
Just like the other fat boy in Chicago nigga...
L'ma sit that on my side cause it still got the wrapper and I don't want you to eat through it nigga
Now Stage 48
Y'all know the drill, y'all can react while I'm cooking that pussy
I'ma keep count on how many times he look at that cookie
I think I should warn y'all, just know it's bout to be a long night Cause I just set that down, he already looked twice
But fuck that, y'all came here to hear some bars right?
Well I'ma pill popper, tonight I go Alien off that E, T
You the cheapest drink in McDonalds, that mean you sweat tea/T
I know your baby moms so watch the rhymes you speak, T
Or get your BM X'd trying to stunt on a G-T
I get it popping from Jersey to Washington, I'm a Beast, T
My heavy metal rocking from AC to DC
No tacky nigga from Wayans Brothers when I make TC (T see)
A pump will push his chin... you looked again, that's 3, T
Smack got me doing these Chi-Town niggas bad
First Young Kannon, no games I had to clip him fast
Big Kannon, WH0000....if y'all saw the way I whipped his ass
Y'all gon love T, KO, no Teddy Pendergrass
Now we both said classic or body, he can't smoke me
We sound the same but we different, 0, Beast, you just obese
I mean That Rich Dolar will give you a lyrical slaughter
You ain't built for 4 quarters, how the fuck can you handle 0, T?
This rhyming shit, I got it bitch, ask the rappers I'm riding with
I make 'em buckle down, hit a couple rounds, they trying to spit
If I don't rock with it, no questions asked, they dropping it
I prepared my team for the ring I'm Greg Popovich
Now speaking of Greg Popovich, watch this shit
My steel bang from Gary Neal range
Approach me, extendo in the 9, my Tony give him Ginobli
That hammer spring while the handle tied with the bandanna thing
So the Heat, can't stop that shooting I call it Danny Green
I get T, Macs for nothing
I'm gutter Then I post on the block like Tim Duncan for his mother
I'm strapped with a chopper, that long arm, Kawhi Leonard Spot the bitch who birthed T, I'll go split her (Tiago Splitter)
Now I know that ain't crazy, but them last bars
Spur of the moment, back to the topic
That's your 4th time looking my nigga, I'm still watching
This truce, my youngest Shotta got a Russian Chopper, the 100 Rocka
That cat will leave you (Catalina) on the scene like Colombiana
So watch your mouth cause my shooters ready to ride
It's crazy Terrance how words get a actor shot for pride
You get it? Terrance Howard, actor shot for Pride
Charles Lee Ray bullets, I'll leave 'em stuck in a good guy
Got hood ties in your hood 5, ride where your corner at? Chopper name Dirk, it's a German shooter
That forward strap, pick a nigga off like a corner pack
You'll get quartered back, fat nigga, nigga with braids
I'm bucking there, no Warren Sapp (Buccaneer)
This shit a horror flick in a round, you hear that Grudge sound?
Dressed in all black with a hammer, I'm a Judge now
Mortal Kombat, I send fly caps like Kung Loa
Ice T when I hit his lemon, that's an uptown
I'm Megatron, I ride up on any stage with a weapon tied
This ain't NOME III so tonight you ain't getting Shine
You thought you could deck Da Don
He tossed you with hella bombs
Which reminds me, you looked at that Cookie...7 times!
Jersey
I caught Red in his jeep creeping I take the revolver *bing, bing* it, it goes in
Fuck it, "Rah! Rah!" he get the automatic too, that's goal tending
Nigga this crime scene gon look like a fire department
When you go near it
Cause what I fire, man from these poles Will have Red truck with big holes in it
Come on with it, I heard these niggas was asking for me
I don't gotta do shit, I just sit back and let it happen for me
I'm like a injured football player on the field after being tackled ugly
Cause soon as I get a OK, everybody get to/the clapping for me
The way I came up dumping a Nina is like staying over your friends house
But with nothing to get a clean mouth I got 'em all cleaned out with one brush of a finger
See this hoes be acting up, but these hoes will clap him up
Gun skull be fractured up, have 'em patching up his lower back and up
I know it didn't sound funny, I didn't expect for y'all to be laughing up
But the way I made they bones shatter up
They should be over there cracking up
Yeah, ask for us my niggas on it, I hit your set trip and set trips up on it
Like price line, he come through bong bong, we get to ripping on it
How you niggas selling drugs and tipping on it
And I ain't ever seen no pistol on it?
It's like a wet caution sign
On the design you always see somebody slipping on it
My niggas on it, I don't care who you is or who you with
Or who you get into it with, we'll shoot your shit
Put your head in the toaster, bing!
Strudel it Noodle it, over it, youtube it, poison the tube youtube with
Voodoo it so you don't get immune to it
Take it, doo doo it, get your boo boo hit
She gaga goo'n like, "papa, who is this?"
Til we hear a "pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa!" til it click
Police remove the doors all the way through the tents
They even search engine lookin' for answers like, Google it
A search engine looking for answers, Google it?
I didn't expect y'all to voodoo it, that one you gotta YouTube it
But didn't you quit being a Blood?
That gangsta shit not in you
Boy you scotch tissue
How you ban/band a nigga that pop metal and rock with you?
The day you buried your flag, that's when a soldier died in you But when you a real soldier, they suppose to bury that flag with you
Didn't you be a stick up man before Surf? The dreads?
I heard a nigga tried to play him like Uno, they be the first one dead
But this nigga tried to skip with my green like I didn't deserve the red
I'm a wild card, he draw fours, I'll draw too/two Blue/blew, made it reverse on Red
Think I'ma get robbed De Niro, boy you act like Rob De Niro?
My clique, I could see no (Casino) one get robbed in there row
Where Jersey at?
That's gon get Black Robbed in there 0 Line em up
I get everybody robbed in there Whoa
Yeah, 0 Red, Quiet...
Wassup Big Perm, I mean Big Worm, I mean Big T
I heard you wanna battle me
That's blasphemy your majesty bout to make you a casualty Why would you even ask for me? I'm versatile when rocking
You that back wall in hot topic, you just graphic T
I mean let's analyze your rapping T
You told Surf, if he try to lock pick your door and stick his face in
You'll put the attic in the basement with the Terminator 1 role
Knock the baby out the play pen, correct?
Ok, question
If you're at your crib, why put the attic in the basement?
Who crib is that? Then shoot a baby out the play pen?
Who kid is that?
I know, I know, let me guess, that's his style, he started it
Nigga that rhyme wasn't smart as shit, that's just some retarded shit
But real shit, that type of shit is why I'm living
He just talk it, he don't live it, I'm talking and subconsciously walking, draggin' my pivot
He better watch the way he spit it
Fore you telling T, R.I.P, my P-I-N-G's (End G's) for tripping
These rappers never learn they lesson, till I pop the heater
Steel peel like Real Deal, that Dot'll teach ya
You 16 deep, only 3 surviving
I aim straight that thang bake My 9 ate (8) 13
What's today's date? 9-8-13 right?
Also I go Miller with the Mac, leave lost souls I bring Thriller where you at
Those your bars right?
I know, I ain't a biter
That's just my way of sayin' I get to clapping when him and his niggas rapping
Make it rain in that cipher
Go 'head T, try riding on me, you get the Christopher Wallace story
Wit a Big Pop, I leave BIG shot, Robert Horry
I palm the 40, this pussy think he could body me Shotty Horroh
Voice on the Tsu, I'll leave you silent, T
I could kill you and get acquitted, my lawyer love the money
2 straps, this Paralegal (Pair Illegal) like a Lawyer understudy
I'm a real street rapper, you a motherfucking fraud
A nigga who studied law, you just do it for the buzz
But your last battle....cuz?
A lot of people say you 3-0'd Shine, y'all agree?
Well me personally, I say he won 2-1, don't take it personal
But 2nd round I deducted points cause of that shirt 
They say stripes make fat look slim, that don't work for you
That shirt looked like it was 50% reversible
Honest fact, you was rhyming crack, but your body fat so wrong
T you look like a mud puddle with clothes on
You dirty, you stink, and your stomach hang from thigh to thigh
A nigga on a boat with a tiger, you live the "Life Of Pi" (PIE)
And in that same round you proved that you a hoe ass nigga
You flipped my Roscoe shit, you don't own that nigga!
You stole that nigga!
I should Blade 2 you "Hold that nigga!"
Leave your grill split from a biting like you Nomak nigga
Y'all want some honesty?
A lot of people hate when this nigga spit rounds
Cause he never straight to the point, Jeremy Lin style
Every time he rock it (Rocket) be hella long, you spit Yao
He couldn't kill a verse on Smack if you was Jin clown
Lin, Yao, Jin, it's a message in my ink
This round is about your lazy raps how you fat and you stink?
That your Lin, Yao, and Jin Little nigga think
Your body amours the links, I'm just showing you the chinks
Don't you get it?
Fate wanted you to get your ass cracked
You missed out on that Mickey match to hear this real rap
It's obvious, nigga you don't see the paradox in that?
You manage to dodge Factz and run into some facts, FACT!
You tried to clown Charlie saying all his battles was at home Never out his comfort zone, well all your battles on URL
So you kinda condoning that shit, you lab ass nigga
Local ass bitch, you a debatable rapper
You could never beat me, I'm a boss, I body niggas freely
You can be that Next Friday baby joker looking NYB Rican
And still can't C-O-R-T (See O-R) EASY!
Jersey

See y'all don't know how long I been waiting for this
You lucky Calicoe freestyled his 3rd round and ain't do this
So long story short everybody, I'ma get straight to this
Let me tell y'all my version of what happened with 0 Red in St. Louis 0 Red battled a nigga named J Huggins for 40 dollars
We was in the condo, Me, Calicoe, Hollow, and my homie Holla
You know Con know, we seen 0 Red he got a couple ratchet hoes to holla
Got 'em into convo, you know, we had us a couple bottles
You know how hoes do it
You know they get to sippin' some of that strong fluid
You bag a bitch, another nigga fuck her
Come on my niggas we all go through it
But it seemed like my nigga Red was really going through it
Calicoe getting head, he damn near jumped in the bed like, "BITCH! DON'T DO IT!"
Calicoe like, "man, c'mon man, close the door stupid"
Nigga she mad, she crying cause she caught doing shit the hoes doing
Meanwhile my nigga Red texting this bitch like, "girl you so stupid
See if you was just for me you wouldn't even have to go through this."
We like, "0 Red! 0 Red! You don't even know this bitch!"
Calicoe getting pussy, you getting pussy too, trying to console his bitch
We trying to Jane Doe this bitch, fuck her, run a train on this bitch
She sucking my man dick, you outside trying to kiss on this bitch
Instead of you just getting the ass out an leave
You be having these hoes thinking they royalty
You owe all these real niggas an apology
If you ain't gonna be real with these bitches, then I'ma be
You got these old hoes talking like they queens, Mama Dee See, since you wifing these bitches I'ma be right there when the wedding planned
Trip the ring girl, so she choke and die off the wedding band
You seen Godfather 1?
I come with the tech in the reception spraying
Giving a couple to the toast at the wedding like the best man
People dodging and shit, swinging off of the bases
Bullets ricocheting off of vases
Man I don't know what happened, but I was squeezing up at they faces
And it took a plug out they head like they was leaving out of the Matrix
Why you wifing these sluts? She vice gripping a nigga nuts
She's on a nigga nuts, sucking and fucking until a nigga nut
You asked us if I did fuck, nigga who didn't fuck?
I just shot my shot and hit it the first time, beginners luck
They want me to style on em, you see T off a fif and a (?)
Offer from Pedro to get a payroll off of some Yayo
 hoe then bend they hoe, with the kimbe the A hole
Like aye hoe, aye hoe, they gotta go, hasta luego
Yeah I pay so, what's the pesos? Stay in your place 0
Get beat like Dre, no, I drain 0 clean like Drano
I'm crazy fast, Hussein Bolt, you sane bolt Whip his chain bow like Django up in the Durango
Try to play 0, that's gon get jacked off you jack off
(?) I would spit in your mug, I do backwash
You write a check your ass can't cash, I got the exact cost
This beam will get Red tagged, it's taking half off
That mac baboom Red monkey ass
Baboon, Red, Monkey Ass, see I don't know
If you don't know what they lookin' for it's body or it's lower past
Cause they gon be up all night looking for his other half
Yeah, you talk about my Hollow loss, Red, like it's the Holocaust, Red
But your Swave Sevah loss, Red You damn near got your head severed off, Red
See you wasn't that crispy candy color gloss Red
The style was more of a burgundy cause it looked a little off, Red
I heard you was a booster for them roosters, who Red Robbin/Robin?
I'll have my man pop him
The phone call gon sound like I send my bitches to go to with one of my man's shopping
Should I say get 'em heel toe stiletto, red bottoms?
Slow it down! Nah he from Jersey
"Fuck I gotta put it in subtitles or something"
I said, get him, he'll pump steel at 0 Red bottom....
Translation: He'll shoot his ass
You moving past a sleeping giant
Don't come to my crib, boy I keep an iron
Muzzle the gun just in case things get violent, that keep it silent
Guns on the "bloaw" sound more like ... so let's speak in private
A silencer on the pistol, come get some peace/piece and quiet
QUIET!

Time out!
Cut these cameras Smack, T, are you that fat or you cookin?
That's from 1st round its 3rd now why you still lookin?
Nigga you gone make me throw this shit, stop losing your focus bitch
I want your soul to lift, but not via no chokin shit
I'm tryna show your clique, you ain't a Jordan 11 cat
That mean you will never walk on Red soul (sole) you ain't bred for that
A lot of y'all thought it a be close, well I'm deadin' that
After this round over that soldier gone need a medic pack
Fact, this whole bout, I proved to y'all we ain't cut the same
I showed y'all I got AP aggression and can rush a lane
Or draw him out with Mayweather poise and show my punching game
You fraud, T in the ring acting, he Clubber Lane
That Bull shit get him 22, Taj Gibson
How that 9 rip him, painting precision with time vision
Head shot, that eye witness go "DAMN!" Rod Simmons
Walk up and let it ring back to back, Lebron mission
T, just use that safety net when you die...you feel me?
Just pull a X, lie, say you ain't try, they'll let it fly
See I, I don't got respect for any rapper who doin that
Or any fan who say they true to rap but they cool with that
Smack, you gone feel what I'm saying about the set trip
Cause I'm tired of niggas cheatin on battle rap for the next bitch
Stand on stage without your best shit, that ain't vet shit
How the fuck can you love that game if you don't respect it?
Now me on the other hand, I treat every battle like it's the last of my life
Tomorrow ain't promised, a nigga probably clap me tonight
So just in case they snatch up my life, this faggot get wiped Dragged T before he die I got the Passion of Christ So the bitch in him, yall bound to here hurr like a Nelly verse
I could throw a clip in his donut and watch the jelly squirt
But fuck letting the Dessie burst, you'll get the machete work
Chest where the slit b, turn Big T to a belly shirt
I'll have his homies yellin' out "Red, just hit him with the Glock
The cap'll take him," Fuck that, I'm decapitating his top
So when them southside cops find his head in a box
They don't know whether it's T, RG3 or Yung Chop, let me stop
Should I stop? Nope!
You asked for it Ock, you deserve the damage
Calicoe your right hand and I'll hit his ass with a cannon
So I ain't understandin' why this man is still chancin'
When you saw Cal L (Kalel) first like Superman parents
Man of Steel — Kalel- Superman- I'm cold dawg
Which reminds me, you said I was Crip tonight (Kryptonite)
You wrong dawg
That type of talk will just make me walk through your zone dog
Bunny slippers strapped with a Tec sense you think I'm Loc, Dog
Y'all wanna know how we got to this point?
Smack said I'm settin' classics up, I need you versus Magic, bruh
I said when Magic beat Conceited, then I'll fuck Magic up
I know you got your racks and stuff, but the status ain't adding up
Do simple Math, put T in the equation that's a plus
Speaking of Math, your Hoffa I'm ;bout drama
You lack Math, head shot, I'll add a bullet, subtract your life
Math Tryin to take a shot at the king, that ain't bright Math
The nigga I bodied you lost to twice Math
Yo DNA, listen you dirty bitch I'ma tell you like I told Shine,S
"stop talking like you want that sauce
Don't battle guard dogs get loss, I'll kill your boss."
Ask him, I'm the wrong rasta to rumble with
You got all of your flare from that Teddy Bear you cuddle with
Jackin' his every move, it's obvious you sucking dick
I can see D (CD) on C-D like a double disc
And all you other haters takin' shots at the boy
You'll only get half a bar
Fuck you Norbes..... JerseyEmbed