3 ContributorsT.L.C. Lyrics
Question.. what has he done, for you lately?
Tell me.. do y'all go for walks on the beach?
I just wanna know, if you had dinner at the pond
Or the drive-through at Mickey D's
You say the last movie y'all saw was _Jaws_? Mmm
Well never fear baby, the Big Daddy is here
I come up upon the scene to romance thee
With a little bit of T.L.C. to tickle your fancy
Give you protection, warmth and affection
Make sure you never feel any rejection
Without a doubt, I admire you, I have a desire to
Be a more better man prior to
Your past relationships, you've been datin
With all the wrong gentlemen, I'm more sentimental
In my own little way so (HEY!)
Whattaya say about givin a play okay?
Cause I'm not here to impress you, I wanna caress you
Posess you and bless you, nevertheless
To make you feel secure, and real sure
Mon cheri amore, pretty woman I adore
Don't shed a tear never fear my dear I'll be there
Anywhere with some Tender Lovin Care
Chorus: repeat 2X
You might also likeJust a little bit of T.L.C
Tender Lovin Care you'll get from me
Just a little bit of T.L.C
Tender Lovin Care is what you need

In the beginning I only wanted to be your friend
But then..
It may sound strange, but my feelings started to change
And now I wanna sustain..
Somethin more closer, give you the most of my love
And my time and respect as opposed to
Sayin she's "Just a Friend"
I may sound like Biz, but you know what time it is
I want us to be together and benevolent
With reverance to give you the best relationship there ever been
So consider me as as as as as a-a-as your lover
Damn baby, you make me stutter
But I'm still able to, clearly say to you
Things that I feel *smooch* and kiss your navel too
Givin much T.L.C
As I make love to you constantLY
Chorus

May I?
He ever treat you with the
Proper amount of chivalry, would be so, mmmm
Break!
* just the drums for a bit *
Bass!
* bassline comes for a bit *
* music by itself comes in, then.. *

I hope to form a special thing that we can cherish
Everlasting, it won't perish
Establish a special thing that's based on love
And trust, in other words, it's all about us
You won't have to ever search for Tender Lovin Care
Cause for you I got it right here
You'll never find none greater
Sincerely yours
The Smooth Operator
ChorusEmbed