4 ContributorsBrother Man, Brother Man Lyrics Brother man, brother man
 Uhh, a brother man, brother.. man, yeah!
 Brother man, brother.. man, go 'head
 Brother man, brother.. man, yeah!
 A brother man, brother man, uhh
 A brother man, brother.. man, yeah!
 Brother man, brother.. man
 Uh-huh, a brother man, brother man

Check it, we wreck shop, from nighttime to dawn
It's goin it's goin it's goin it's goin

It's gone!
Cause Lil' Daddy's like a rap helter skelter
A bad mother..

Chill Shane, respect your elders
My younger one, UHH, tall and yellow
Aiyyo, I got you covered like an umbrella

Well, I got a little rap thing I wanna breeze through
You might also like
So may I release you?

Oh oh, please do

So Lil' Daddy, my ace, my brother
Get on the mic and let's rock with one another

And, here comes the six foot four, the rough and raw
To blow up the mic with rhymes you like
I strike the stage in a rage and burn just like a twelve gauge
Shotgun, cause son, the Shane is not the one
The noise bringer, humdinger, funky rhyme stinger
Bring your girl to my show and I'ma swing her
The Lil' Daddy got it down pat, YEAH
I'm like the name Heavy D, I sound fat
Word for word, line for line, UH
I gets mine and show I'm poetically in-clined
If rap was made by ? then redeemed because
You ain't got no ahhhhhice creeeeeeeeam
So take a seat in the rear
Don't dare to compare, cause I swear, you gets nothin here
The way you see me knock out the next brother
You'd think my moms had a talk with LL's mother, huh
Aiy-yi-yi-yah, momma mia
Man I burn the next MC like gonorrhea
Knock the boots on a girl named Althea
Then pull her friend by the name of Maria
Well I got a little rap thing I wanna breeze through

So may I release you?

Oh oh, please do

So Big Daddy, my ace, my brother
Get on the mic, and let's rap with one another

When I grab the microphone and shout
You gotta spread out, spread out, spread out, spread out
I'm ready to rip it apart, I hit em with one of the rhymes
I'm rough in a flash, trash, bash, crash, smash slash mash
Run for shelter, no one can help ya
You pushed up on a heavyweight, when your rhymes are welter-
-weight that's right, wait, because you're not fitted
*singing* You're never gonna get it, never gonna get it
UHH, I'm what you call a rap legend
And definitely the last MC to be present
Don't even try to take mines
You fuckin new jack, you still got price tags on your rhymes
Yo what's that sayin that Hammer says uhh
U Can't Touch This, just like a pimple yo I'ma bust this
I'm like Steven Seagal, Out for Justice
As for competition, pssssssh, what's this?
You're not prepared to, rappers are scared to
Confront this, cause you know damn well you don't want this
Some good advice is just break out
Before I treat you like a fast food restaurant and take-out
As soon as I see the microphone yo I'ma, seize that
Squeeze that, a battle, you better, freeze that
Cause if you go through the Wrath of Kane, uhh
Not even Lisa Fischer can ease the pain, so
 Brother man, brother.. man
 Uh-huh, brother man, brother.. man
 Yo, brother man, brother mega-man, UHH!
 A brother man, brother mega-man, yeah!
 Brother man, brother man..
 Ha hah!  Brother man, brother.. man, yeah!
 Brother man, brother MAN, aowww!
 A brother man, brother.. man

RUFFFFFFFFFFF!Embed