16 ContributorsMister Cee’s Master Plan LyricsWho is the man with the master plan?
Who is the man with the master plan?
DJ Mister Cee
Who is the man with the master plan?
He goes by the name of the Big Daddy Kane
Then it goes a little something like this
Yes, here we go, on with the show
As the rhythm of this starts to flow
No matter the tempo, fast or slow
Get up and dance 'cause the Kane said so
This is the dance floor groove of the album
Presented to you all live from Calvin
Whoops, I meant to say Mister Cee
The disc jockey down with me
The microphone lord, my wisdom is a sword
Try to get with us, and get floored
Some DJ's try to front, but yo don't let them fool you
'Cause wine is fine, but Calvin is cooler
Jump up and down, and eh, and all around and
Check out the way that my DJ is sounding
On the turntables to keep the crowd stable
Killing the cuts putting bodies on a record label
And just for the symphony
Here comes the M.I.S.T.E.R.C.E.E
Taking a stand like a band
Mister Cee got a master plan
Hit it
You might also likeWho is the man with the master plan?
DJ Mister Cee on the mix
Who is the man with the master plan?
DJ Mister Cee on the mix
Who is the man with the master plan?
DJ Mister Cee on the mix
Who is the man with the master plan?
DJ Mister Cee on the mix
Woo, yeah, warm it up, Cee, uh
C'mon now, make it happen, make it happen
Go hit me one more time, c'mon Cee warm it up
Yeah, that sounds funky
I, I mean like extra crazy stupid def
Hit some of them transformers hops
Again, again, again
Uh, uh, uh
Now, yo, tell yourself a song
Getting ready to (Play it), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Getting ready to (Let go), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Getting ready to (Feel it), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Getting ready to (Come out), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Getting ready to (Clap to this), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Getting ready to (Move your body), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Getting ready to (Get fresh), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Getting ready to (Go, go, go), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Getting ready to (I'll do it), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Getting ready to (Do it again), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Getting ready to (Hit me) oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Getting ready to (Hm, drop)
Big Daddy, Big Daddy, Big Daddy Kane in the house
Big Daddy, Big Daddy, Big Daddy
Huh-huh, huh-huh, huh-huh
My man, my mellow
Who is the man with the master plan?
DJ Mister Cee on the mix
Who is the man with the master plan?
DJ Mister Cee on the mix
Who is the man with the master plan?
DJ Mister Cee on the mix
Who is the man with the master plan?
DJ Mister Cee on the mix
Oh Mister Cee, oh Mister Cee, oh Mister Cee, oh Mister Cee,ee, oh Mister Cee, oh Mister Cee, oh Mister Cee
Oh Mister Cee, oh Mister Cee, oh Mister Cee, oh Mister Cee,ee, oh Mister Cee, oh Mister Cee, oh Mister Cee
Now, just to let you know
I go by the name of Big Daddy Kane
I got my DJ Mister Cee in the place to be
Also the engineer all-star Marley Marl
Now yo, cut, won't you do me a favor?
And tell these party people where you from
LG, LG, LG, LG
Rock on, rock on, rock on, rock on
Now, since we on the tip of our neighborhood
Won't you tell them where I'm from?
Lewis (Avenue)
Lewis (Avenue)
Lewis (Avenue)
Lewis (Avenue)
Okay, now I got a brother by the name of Mad Money Merc
Now he come from NA Rock
I got two dancers, Scoob Lover, Scrap Lover
They come from the place known as Brownsville
My barber name is Smooth, he come from Whitecourt
Also, we got the engineer all-star Marley Marl in the place to be
And he come from the area known as the Bridge
Now yo
Yo, hold up Kane
You done said all your names on your record
It's time to say names on my record now
Yo, I want to say what's up to my man ATL
My man Shack Money
My man Shep Love and the entire LG Posse
I wanna say what's up to my man Moose Love
My man Nut, Sambo, Heado, the TCF dancers
Yo, I want to say what's up to Dawn
I want to say what's up to Nicola
My man Rhythm Shawn, Shimsho, Yam Love
Spike D, Willie D, NA Rock, Chicago, yo
Yo, I can't hold it back
Later for it, yo
What's up?
To the whole
Nigga dissed me2Embed