12 ContributorsFuck ’em (insert) Lyrics

Please welcome O'Shea Jackson, better known as Ice Cube!
How you doin'?
 How you doin'?

Good to see you!
Well known that the Crips and the Bloods are allegedly coming together
Yeah, you've been a lot in the media lately than other rappers we'd mentioned earlier, Cube, that uhm...
You know? You have been labelled a lot of things
What do you say to the people when they accuse you of being anti-Semitic (Fuck 'em!), uh, anti-Korean (Fuck 'em!), and basically a perpetrator of violence because of your lyrics?
It's probably the reason why they say that it's because some of the lyrics were...
Aimed at the women, bitches and hoes, and all that
I wanna talk a little bit about that, too
Because we saw the parents' discussion about this last time and.. (Yeah!)
–So and brothers, uhm... folks walkin' around, totin' guns, uhm...
All that kinda stuff, do you think that sometimes those images and those lyrics...
Help white folks justify their continual racism against us, or continue racism against us? (nah!)

I-I speak...in a perspective as uh... brothers on...
What we need to do is look in the mirror
I-I, I do want the white community to understand our community more...
And see what's going on, and see what- what, uh...the things they've done to us in the past...
Are still affectin' us now... mentally, you know?
And... the reason I said it's because, I mean everything I said about, uh, uhm... you know?
Everything I said on records before the riots, you know? Uhh... (ahem!)
Anything you want to know about the riots...
Was in the records before the riots! All you had to do was go...
To the Ice Cube library and, and, and...
You might also like In, in, in...

Pick a record and it would have told you
You know? I've given warnings...

So in other words, it's almost like a... war-warning or prophecy?

I-I've, I've given...
I've given so many warnings on what's going to happen
If we don't get these, uh...
These, these things straight in our lives, the clashes the-then, you know?
Armageddon is-is-is near! Eh-heh! 

This here...
These words all about money1Embed