6 ContributorsWannabes Lyrics
Wannabes, wannabes
Gangsters, hustlers, killers, riders
Rappers, singers, Real G’s
Wannabes!

Wanna dress like, wanna talk like us
Wanna be like, wanna walk like us
Nigga used to be soft, now you wanna be tough
Used to be in your video, shaking like Ugh?!
You motherfuckers be doing too much
Wanna be hating now you wanna be us
I oughta really be clapping at y'all
But instead I’m straight laughing at y’all
Then a nigga had the nerve to say fuck snoop dogg
Cuz got a perm and he just brought a coupe ya’ll
Tattooed L.B.C. on him and every little G in the streets want in
They talking about Cuz ain’t from the set
And when they catch him in the hood, he gon get checked
Young G you better be where you say you’re from
Where you from, cuz? Wannabes
Niggas gon hit you up, what it do Crip?
Niggas want everything, even your bitch!
Used to be jewelry, and just your whip
Nowadays everybody is in it for the chips
My Grandmamma living in the south
Understand me she even had to tell me what it’s about
Say the white kids on the block wanna get a flex
Say they love me like Elvis, ain’t that a bitch?
You might also like
Wannabes, wannabes
Gangsters, hustlers, killers, riders
Rappers, singers, Real G’s
Wannabes!

You niggas wannabe’s I was raised by these streets
Ex-d-boy I did my thang in these streets
Went out of towns on so many licks
On everything I love, wrapped so many bricks
Catch me in the coupe with my hat sitting low
In a rental car wit the mac and the snow (haha)
Or In a prizewinner wit the mac and the blow
A half a mil a trip and I put that on Crip
Inglewood homies and they so Piru
And So a nigga love every time I come through
The big homie told me Go on get em Nephew
Make it do what it do, these niggas ain’t you
No wordplay, ad-libbed yo, yeaaaah!
Outta line, pull a half clip yo
Send em back to the lab, a lot of braggin’ going on
Try and sound like ya boy, a lotta bank going ***
Just one problem, that ain’t your life
Nigga just two problems, that ain’t your ice
Told y’all niggas and I showed y’all niggas
Fuck around and make me expose ya’ll niggas
Who me? I went rock for rock
Then I stacked it all up and went block to block
They got that Yayo money, lay low money
Cold-blooded killer, better pay yo moneyEmbed