2 ContributorsGotta Give the Peeps What They Need (DJ Johnny Juice - Paris Revolverlutionary mix) Lyrics
Our society is fucked up, they're fucking our brothers and sisters up
These white motherfuckers have fucked us up...
This ain't by no goddamn accident...

Cameras, action, lights
What, lookout, civil rights
Whiplash, po-po, fed-lillers, killin' kids
Crisis, c'mon, get it now, sound
COINTEL, going down
Projects, pop offs, issues, payback
Sickness, lockdown, get it
Free Mumia and H. Rap Brown
Before you get what you want
Gotta give the people what they need

What you know about soul?
If you got's none, then we'll loan ya some
C'mon!

Flow on, the project, the pop off
Low tempo to go off, COINTEL better go to hell
Bout that time hear the bell y'all (C'mon!)
Gotta lotta nerve never knowing Assata
Gotcha mind wading in the water, contract.. Gotcha!
Motown, Stax, bring the beat back
(Bring that beat back!)
The sound, free Mumia and H. Rap Brown
Sure enough going down now
Jamil Al Amin, nah mean?
Y'all missin' this is like dissin' this
See your Uncle Sam pissing on this
He’s running real low on my shit list
Take 'em all out with the quickness
You might also like
Before you get what you want
Gotta give the people what they need
Before you get what you want
Gotta give the people what they need
Cameras, action, lights
What, lookout, civil rights
Whiplash, po-po, fed-lillers, killin' kids
Crisis, c'mon

"Surprise!"
"Guess who’s back?"

I got a call, Mr. Chuck said I should get the red eye
Gotta come together bet I did what I said I
Would, Public Enemy and he come to bleed ‘em
Niggas with a plea for freedom who wanna meet them
Gotta counteract these, we blitzkrieg
Switch, hit, natch rappers duck
I gives a fuck seein’ hip hop is flatlinin’
Too many fakes
So through the shit, see it shinin’
To reawaken
The giant see me still in defiance with every song
Put this gat before the turner and burn him for doin’ wrong
Now it’s on
How many can I reach?, I’m snatchin’ the sheets
Original player haters can see
That I battle back strokes of black folks attackin’ those wannabe macks
While Johnny shit upon a track
Then hit ‘em with the do right, we do life right
My brother said it’s going down tonight
We fight the fight, come on
Before you get what you want.. gotta give the people what they need
Before you get what you want..

"Once again"
"The hard rhymer"

New breed of MC and get the flow on
Body, mind, soul enough to go on
Ughh!! Better go on
Gotta get on so I can spit on
Guitar to get on the pick on (damn)
Shuffle now, the popcorn
Free H. Rap c'mon
Nothing new uhh.. better walk on
Uh... get my talk on
Never knew it was funny
Get your money on
So on and so on
Do it like Mike - "Sha-mon!"
The original right here, Uptown Saturday Night
Uh, get it, and get your head right...
Y’all don't know nothin' about this ... ughhh
Real thing, uh, make your soul ring
Brothers and sisters, brothers and sisters, I don’t know what this world is coming to
Bum rush the sound, the rebel
Man you’re losin’ them
Bum rush the sound, the rebel
Man you’re losin’ them
Bum rush the sound, the rebel
Man you’re losin’ them
Bum rush the sound
Man you’re losin’ them
Panther power on the hour from the rebel to youEmbed