5 ContributorsPotholes in My Lawn (12" Version) Lyrics
Yo, something's wrong here. No, not again!
Get the daisies for the (Potholes in my lawn)
(Potholes in my lawn, potholes in my lawn)

Everybody's sayin' what to do when
Sucker lunatics start diggin' and chewin'
They don't know that the Soul don't go for that
Potholes in my lawn
And that goes for my rhyme sheet
Which I concentrated so hard on, see
I don't ask for maximum security
But my dwellin' is swellin'
It nipped my bud when I happened to fall into a spot
Where no ink or an ink-blot was on a scroll
I just wrote me a new 'mot' but now it's gone
'Cause those suckers knew that I hate
To recognize that every time I'm writin' it's gone

Yodel-a-hee, Yodel-oh-hee, Yodel-a
Yodel-a-hee, Yodel-oh-hee, Yodel-ee-hee-hee-hee
Potholes in my lawn

I've found that it's not wise
To leave my garden untended 'cause eyes
Has now pardoned all laws of privacy
Even paws are after my writer, see
I pursue that everyone's sayin'
What to do when suckers are preyin'
Upon my well-guarded spreadsheets
Oh why, hell does it send up fleets
Of evil-doers through the big hole
To get to evil-doers who dig holes
Which leaves my lawn with lawn-chew
I think I'd better plant traces to give clues
Or better yet call 9-1-1
And when they get here I inform them I'm the Plug One
Offer up a chair and let them realize the reason
For concern of the Soul
'Cause we've come down with a case of potholes
You might also like
Yodel-a-hee, Yodel-oh-hee, Yodel-a
Yodel-a-hee, Yodel-oh-hee, Yodel-ee-hee-hee-hee

Who stole, who stole
Who stole the cookie from the cookie jar?

Now you got the method
What to do when you die
The death that I predict in "Plug Tunin'"
It's a shame that you deny to claim
That you stole my words of fame
That I wrote in my rhyme sheet
Which I concentrated so hard on, see
I don't ask for a barbed wire fence, B
But my dwellin' is swellin'
It nipped my bud when I happened to fall into a spot
Where no ink or an ink-blot was on a scroll
I just wrote me a new 'mot' but now it's gone
'Cause those suckers knew that I hate
To recognize that every time I'm writin' it's gone

Potholes in my lawn
(Yodel-a-hee, Yodel-oh-hee, Yodel-a)
(Yodel-a-hee, Yodel-oh-hee, Yodel-ee-hee-hee-hee)
Yo Pos, what are sucker MC's diggin'?
Potholes in my lawn. Yo, Dove, what are we fillin'?
We're fillin' potholes in my lawn. Yo Mase, what we doin'?
Potholes in my lawn. Yo Mase, what we for?
Potholes in my lawn. Yo, Prince Paul, what are you producin'?
Potholes in my lawn. Yo, we out here like what you hear, 40 ounces of beer, have no fear
In the house
The Daisy Age is here, sucker
Strickly Dan Stuckie
Strictly, yes, yes, yes
1988
Sucker, sucker, suckers
And, and, who in the house?Embed