21 ContributorsBlow Them Horns Lyrics
Bear witness
Watch me get it in like underage club attendants
The roof go back like it's vintage
The young boy's back to burn your village, the fire touching the ceiling burn
What's God willing when HOVA retired?
Now he back, guess he got some competition on his hands
Who is that? I...am...
K-Dot, I'm claustrophobic don't put me in the box with you niggas
You can't categorize me
I'm already convinced that I'm the hottest nigga out
Any comments? I thought so
You niggas is gassed up like ALCO
Scared to play Madden on All-Pro
Step your game up
I'm here to fuck up niggas' barcodes
SoundScan'll never read your albums again (whoo!)
I take 99.9% of your fans
The last one left is your moms (and she even iffy about you...)
Ain't nothing gifted about you
Put a bullet in you, tell a doctor get it up out you
I'm 'bout to, send him right there, he shark food
Piranhas is coming I put beat on you rap dudes
I don't wait on you rap dudes
Nigga NASA couldn't reach my altitude
Sky's the limit, and your body ain't airborne...
Is it? Are you?
You might also like
My real niggas, once again it's on
'Til we load the ammo and drop the bomb
I kick up destruction and when I'm done
My city blow them horns, it sounds like...
(Whoo-ee!)
When they blow dem horns I'm coming
Torch in hand, yes, I'm running

I told Jay Rock, I like red too
But you gotta kill these niggas out the blue
They don't see it coming
Who ain't a part of the family tree
Do 'em like Paul Bunyan, axe about him
We travel like an ant colony, you can't count us
Sip Henny 'til my throat drown
New Benz, No Malice
Count money 'til our hands get calloused
40 caliber in the Cavalier, welcome to Los
Angeles, you might leave with bandages
Real life, no mannequin
You pull out, no panicking, you better shoot
Or have something fall on your rooftop, no raindrops
I'm talking 'bout gold bullets and black suits
No magician, no magic, POOF
Closed casket fatal attraction
Son, three hit you like John Paxson, I ain't bull-shitting
Them veterans been loved 'em
Talk about bars I got a life sentence of 'em
And I'm just like spitting cousin, ciao
No man get the best of him
The way I see, why rap?
I'm just wasting my breath
Y'all don't hear me
I'm just chasing my death
It's all over, the end's here so I'm pacing my steps
Try not to recollect what I know
These pregnant quotes meaning, they give life like semen
Be the reason my heart's bleeding
I'm coughing up blood in my palms as I recite the book of Psalms
Over a slow clap and kick drum, wis-dom
The application of your knowledge is me
Pay your tuition, this verse is like a college degree
Y'all don't hear me, y'all fear me like a doomsday prophet
When I'm focused, nothing under the moon can stop it
I leave you off the Earth's surface, that's what you get
For trying to test my patience like nurses
This ain't a verse this is a Kennedy curse
Put your brain on your lady's purses, you niggas crazy

My real niggas, once again it's on
'Til we load the ammo and drop the bomb
I kick up destruction and when I'm done
My city blow them horns, it sounds like...
(Whoo-ee!)
When they blow dem horns I'm coming
Torch in hand, yes, I'm running
My real niggas, once again it's on
'Til we load the ammo and drop the bomb
I kick up destruction and when I'm done
My city blow them horns, it sounds like...
(Whoo-ee!)
When they blow dem horns I'm coming
Torch in hand, yes, I'm running2Embed