182 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsSvenskaEnglishKanye West - The New Workout Plan (Traduzione Italiana)The New Workout Plan Lyrics
You just popped in the Kanye West
Get Right for the Summer workout tape
And ladies, if you follow these instructions exactly
You might be able to pull you a rapper, a NBA player
Man, at least a dude with a car!
So, first of all, we gonna work on the stomach
Nobody wants a little tight ass

One, and two, and three, and four, and get them sit ups right, and
Tuck your tummy tight and do your crunches like this
Give head, stop, breathe, get up, check your weave
Don't drop the blunt and disrespect the weed
Pick up your son, don't disrespect your seed
It's a party tonight and ooh, she's so excited
Tell me who's invited: you, your friends and my dick
(Ah!) What's scary to me
Henny makes girls look like Halle Berry to me
So excuse me, miss, I forgot your name
Thank you, God bless you, good night I came, I came, I came

It's been a week without me
And she feel weak without me
She wanna talk it out but
Ain't nothing to talk about
Unless she's talking 'bout freaking out
Then maybe we can work it out
Work it out, work it out
Work it out, work it out now
Maybe we can work it out
You might also like
Ooh, girl, your silhouette make me wanna light a cigarette
My name Kanye from the Jigga set, Twista said "Get It Wet"
Ooh, girl, your breath is harsh!
Cover your mouth up like you got SARS
Off them tracks, yeah, I bought them cars
Still, kill a nigga on 16 bars
We ain't sweating to the oldies, we juking to a cold beat
Maybe one day, girl, we can bone
So you can brag to all your homies now
But I still mess with a big girl, if you ain't fit, girl, I'll still hit, girl
One and, you brought two friends, okay, three more
Now hop in the Benz
Four door, do you know the difference between a five, six, seven, eight?
All the Mocha Lattes, you gotta do Pilates
You gotta pop this tape in before you start back dating
Hustlers, gangstas, all us ballas

It's been a week without me
And she feel weak without me
She wanna talk it out but
Ain't nothing to talk about
Unless she's talking about freaking out
Then maybe we can work it out
Work it out, work it out
Work it out, work it out now
Maybe we can work it out
Hi, my name is Jill, I just want to say thanks to Kanye's workout plan. I was able to pull a NBA player. And, like, now I shop every day on Rodeo Drive. I just want to say, thank you, Kanye! Woooo! Woooo!—Woooo!
My name is Lasandra, and I just want to say that since listening to Kanye's workout tape, I was able to get my phone bill paid, I got sounds and 13's put up in my Cavalier and I was able to get a free trip to Cancun. And what's most importantly is that I ain't gotta fuck with Ray-Ray's broke ass no mo'
Work it (Mo')
Juke it (Mo') Pump it (Mo')
Chi-Town (Mo') Let's go (Mo')
My name is Ella-May from Mobile, Alabama, and I just want to say since listening to Kanye's workout tape, I been able to date outside the family, I got a double wide, and I rode a plane—rode a plane—rode a plane
Thanks to Kanye's workout plan
I'm the envy of all my friends
See, I pulled me a baller man
And I ain't gotta work at the mall again

(Lemme break ya wit' a piece of)
My favorite workout plan (Oh, oh, oh)
I wanna see you work out
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I wanna see you work out
(It's like that old Michael Jackson shit)

That's right, put in work, move your ass, go berserk
Eat your salad, no dessert, get that man you deserve
It's Kanye's workout plan
I said it's Kanye's workout plan (Ladies and gentlemen)
It's Kanye's workout plan (Allow myself to introduce myself)
His workout plan (This time around, I want y'all to clap with me like this)

That's right, put in work
Move your ass, go berserk
Eat your salad, no dessert
Get that man you deserve (Stop!)

It's Kanye's workout plan (Okay, breathe)
I said, it's Kanye's workout plan (I know y'all ain't tired)
It's Kanye's workout plan (But I hope not 'cause on this one, I need y'all)
His workout plan (To give me a soul clap, okay?)
(Double time)

That's right, put in work (Woo!)
Move your ass, go berserk (Ow!)
Eat your salad, no dessert (Ugh!)
Get that man you deserve
That's right, put in work (Put in work)
Move your ass, go berserk (Go wizzerk)
Eat your salad, no dessert (No dessert)
Get that man you deserve (You hear, ugh)
That's right, put in work (That's right put in work)
Move your ass, go berserk (Go wizzerk)
Eat your salad, no dessert (Eat your salad, no dessert)
Get that man you deserve (Woo!)

(Okay, okay, okay, that's very good good)
(I appreciate your time)
I want to see you work out for me
Whoa, yeah, whoa, yeah
Do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do-do, yo49Embed