4 ContributorsRise Like Smoke Lyrics

I'm a go hardcore what I believe in
And NO! - I'm not gonna slow down!
They try tell me what it is what I can or can't be
I gotta family that I gotta hold down!

So I'm gonna rise like - smoke!
So I'm gonna rise like - smoke!
So I'm gonna rise like - smoke!
'Till the day they put me underground!

I gotta break these chains. - Take these reins!
Ignore these pains; no pain, no gain!
I gotta hard move like like a muscle car
Get ahead of the pack. - Hit like a double-R!
I never loose sight, only to too tight!
Only to get away - too many will lose right
Kill right now you got your head in the clouds
Screaming your name! - Nothing can bring you down!
Everybody got a dream; hurry up and go get it!
'Till it gone;  and gone!
You singing the same song. - You ain't in tune!
Tellin' yourself - "I'm gonna get mine, soon!
It's a race to the limelight - and the pack is running
Can you keep up and tell us that you want it!
When you get it tell us what you're gonna do with it (do with it!)
'Cause I got mine, I'm a show you how to move with it!
You might also like

Still lookin' for the gusto, desirin' to hustle!
Deep on the street with Soul Assassin muscle!
Still motivated! (MOTIVATED!) - Still upgraded! (STILL UPGRADED!)
Still updated and always on fated! (AND ALWAYS ON FATED!)
Thought we come again? - Watch we roll up
With the real channel 13 stone us!
Never rest! - Gotta keep moving!
Anything less put my shoe in it!
What you want holmes? - Yeah, we got some!
Best believe it's the motherfuckin' box, son!
I'm still hungry but that's the sex!
Ain't done yet like broadway brick!
Ain't no question, that's why I'm a threat! (I'm A THREAT!)
I'm getto raised right out the projects! (PROJECTS!)
Now you know that I'll be done when I wanna go (WANNA GO!)
And for real until that Death thing come and go! (COME AND GO!)



When the lights go on and the mic turns on!
Find someone it's so live, it's wrong!
You wanted more then your typical common hit
Feels good when the fans bounces kinky shit!
Right after the show, after the flow
On the grounds in the back then get out the door!
Look the shorty is! - She wanna ride with the band!
She screamin': "Guys I'm your biggest fan! "
Runnin' through. - Whatever she can
And she's - lookin' at you like a bride in day
She's - sweatin' hard, she won't resist
When you ask: "Why? " She plays just like this:

I'm a go hardcore what I believe in
And NO! - I'm not gonna slow down!
They try tell me what it is what I can or can't be
I gotta family that I gotta hold down!

So I'm gonna rise like - smoke!
So I'm gonna rise like - smoke!
So I'm gonna rise like - smoke!Embed