16 ContributorsTwo Scoops of Raisins Lyrics Yo man.. I'm hungry man
 Ay whatchu want man? You want some breakfast or something?
 I want a lil lil something...
 Yeah, a lil milk and cereal or somethin?
  Something man! Just a little breakfast food, y'know?
 Mmm I don't know man (ay) let's see what I got in my cabinet
 Hold on, let me see what I got in my cabinet
Somebody hit me with a little, baseline or groove, knahmsayin?
Yeah, breakfast food, UHH!
 When you wish
 When you wish
 Upon a star
 Upon a star
 To follow what?
 To follow what?
 And where you are!
 And where you are!
 Party over here, party over there
 Where?

Look! I made ya look, ya dirty crook
Then picked your pocket, watch me book...
...like Guinness I'm a Menace, so call me hip-hop's Dennis
So open wide, and say (AHHHHH)
And I'mma slide my yolk, in your throat, and watch ya choke
On the Uh the Ah the Uh the Daddy Long-Stroke
You might also like
Stroke Long Daddy Money, if my name was Sunny
I'd share a scoop, Running shit like Rebels
You can call me Barney, cause I took your Fruity Pebbles
Dibble like an office on Top Cat, top that, I'm fat troop
Drop the loop, then a scooper hoop ya like a hula
To school a fool or be sent a church to repent
I get you Guess'n like jeans, you're just a hill of beans
I'm all that jazz, and I kick, kick, kick, kick..

The razzamatazz oh please oh please just give me just one more blast
I +Get Off+ like Prince, but I don't have to show my ass
Pass the rest, like a test, if you slip then you'll get ripped
With your handicapped pass rap, and Tales From the Crypt
I whip on that ass like base ba-bay
The Sense is good-GOOBELY-goo, ask Grady

Or Lamont, or Rollo, down at the, Apollo
Come follow me now (BO! Where's Sue?) I don't know
Even En Vogue, be telling me ya don't go
When it's time for show (yea) everyone says
Ho (ho) ho (ho) couldn't be a slider
'Cause I never slip, kick it like a Damme Van flip
So don't come with your judo, cause you're just a Menudo
Emcee gettin chewed like vegetables
Ahhhhh cabbage is a cabbage, a lettuce is a lettuce
I'mma tear this whole joint into scraps
I bust raps, perhaps caps, and trap the wack tracks
Giving the max, for the minimum, not the minimum for the max
Get more sex than Wilt the Stilt so you can call me the Stiltest
You're taking shorts like Arnold, so what chu talkin bout, Willis?
 Bout Willis?
 Yeah Willis
 Willis ain't talking about nothing!
 It's Different Strokes
 Let's get back to umm, breakfast foods
 because it's, early in the morning..
 Well you can have your Wheaties
 You can have your Flakes
 You can have your Kix
 And you can have your Trix
 You can have your PANcakes
 You can have your Loops
 But you still gotta get your Two Scoops!

To keep the hot raw, I'm rolling, rolling
Bowling - spare me! Fuss ya hushed mouth mush
Lush alcohol's excessive like a Jefferson
Moving on up -- progressive
One time for your brain, cell
And when I get through, you say -- aww hell man!
Styles that I free won't, stop til the end
Paper I go on and go on with the pen
Get a max of funk, attack or sunk *huff, huff*
One blow, and emcees are gone with the wind
Kicking the dumber rhyme, I'm not a prince
But I'm fresh, heating up like the summertime, summer rhyme
I'm a dime a dozen, but I keep you buzzing
Like a bee, a dozen attempts is in the toilet
'Cause I flush the dime and I'm not a Leader
'Cause I Busta Rhyme, a rhyme
If I kick with Rakim, you run for cover brother
But I kick it with Petey cause I'm just another mother (sucker)
Blo Pop time (it's Blo Pop time)
It's Blo Pop time (it's Blo Pop time)
In the mix, the dimension, J.B., and Chico
It's seven, not six, my shirt extra-large
But I wear, I wear, I wear it well like DeBarge
To the finish, making ya eye pop, like you ain't spinach
Then it's, time to let you know
We count it up, one two three and fo'
 UHH! Count it up
 Nah we gon' count it down
 Nah man, we're gonna count it up
 Mmmm, let's get back to that umm, food tip though, the breakfast tip
 Food tip? Well you just check
 'Cause you know what we need
 What can I have?
 You can have your Life
 You can have your Bran
 You can have your Puffs
 You can have your Pebbles
 You can have your Krunch
 And you can have your Loops
 But you still gotta get your Two Scoops!

Around and round and upside down and upside down we go
WHOAHHHHH! I'mma sneak in the front row
Not Jethro, I'm not a Jethro, on skid row
I don't wear Monie's hat, but I was a Monkey +in the Middle+
Hey diddle diddle, you can Kibble a Bit
I take a squat, and booty MC's be sayign OOOOHHH SHIT!
Yo, I turn Bucktown into Fucktown
You're just a field goal kid, and I'm a touchdown
With the next point to the next joint, so tell Spike about it
I'm all that, that your bitch be writing home about it
Shout it out, praise the Lord, hallelujah!
This could be love, but umm, don't let em fool ya
'Cause when I do ya, come down, come down after me come
Yeah sorry Sugar Plums but umm, I gotta run
Run Jesse Run, keep hope alive
I'm down with the B-boys, FUCK the Jackson 5
You jive-ass turkey, a-pit-apitta-a-aperk be
You can get ill, but don't, HURT ME, HURT ME
Or irk me, cause see I'll outsmart you like the Urkel
B-boys at the school of hard knocks, in a circle
Pass the sess blunt, yeah stud, you ain't know?
I wanna go bang, I said, bang-o, bang-oh bang-oh
Or bojangle, jingle jangle, run the jewel
Hip-hip, hooray, oh now you wanna be a Luvabull?
Don't push or pull, or you'll see, I'mma wreck it out
MC's be checking in but they don't be checking out
I leave em out on the canvas
So click your heels twice and take your ass back to KANSAS..Embed