207 ContributorsScenario Lyrics
Here we go, yo, here we go, yo
So what, so what, so what's the scenario?
Here we go, yo, here we go, yo
So what, so what, so what's the scenario?

Ayo, Bo knows this (What?) And Bo knows that (What?)
But Bo don't know jack, 'cause Bo can't rap
Well, what do you know? The Di-Dawg is first up to bat
No batteries included, and no strings attached
No holds barred, no time for move-fakin'
Gots to get the loot, so I can bring home the bacon
Brothers front, they say, "The Tribe can't flow"
But we've been known to do the impossible like Broadway Joe, so
Sleep if you want, Nytol will help you get your Z's, troop
But here's the real scoop
I'm all that and then some, short, dark, and handsome
Bust a nut inside your eye to show you where I come from
I'm vexed, fumin', I've had it up to here
My days of payin' dues are over, acknowledge me as in there (Yeah!)
Head for the border, go get a taco
Watch me wreck it from the jump street, meanin' from the get-go
Sit back, relax, and let yourself go
Don't sweat what you heard, but act like you know
You might also like
Yes, yes, y'all! (Yes, y'all!)
Who got the vibe? It's the Tribe, y'all! (Tribe, y'all!), real live, y'all! (Live, y'all!)
Inside, outside, come around
(Who's that?) Broooown!
So may I say, call me Charlie
The word is the herb and I'm deep like Bob Marley
Lay back on the payback, evolve, rotate the gates
Contact!
Can I get a hit? (Hit!) Boom bip
With a brother named Tip and we're ready to flip
East coast stompin', rippin', and rompin'
New York, North Cak-a-laka, and Compton
Checka-checka-check it out
The loops for the troops, more bounce to the ounce
And wow-how-now-wow, how now, Brown cow?
We're ill 'til the skill gets down for the flex
Next it's the textbook, old to the new
But the rest are doo-doo
From radio to the video, to Arsenio
Tell me, yo, what's the scenario?

(True, blue!) Scooby Doo, whoopie doo
Scenarios, radios, rates more than four
Scores for the s'mores that smother dance floors
Now I go for mine, shades of sea shore
Ship-shape, crushed grapes, apes that play tapes
Papes make drakes baked for the wakes
Of an L-ah, an -eader! Simply just a leader
Base in the space means peace, see you later
Later (Later!) Later, alligator
Pop blows the weasel and the urge to inflate her
So, yo, the D, what, the O
Incorporated I-N-C into a flow
Funk flipped, flat back, first this, foul, fight, fight, fight, laugh
Yo, how'd that sound? (Oooh!)
It's a Leader-Quest mission and we got the goods here (Here!)
Never on the left, 'cause my right's my good ear (Ear!)
I could give a damn about a ill subliminal
Stay away from crime, so I ain't no criminal!
I love my young nation, groovy sensation
No time for hibernation, only elation
Don't ever try to test the water, little kid
Yo, Mr. Busta Rhymes, tell 'em what I did
I heard you rushed and rushed and attacked
Then they rebuked and you had to smack
Causin' rambunction throughout the sphere
Raise the levels of the boom inside the ear (You know I did it)
So don't violate or you'll get violated
The hip hop sound is well agitated
Won't ever waste no time on a played out ego
So here's Busta Rhymes with the scenario:

Watch as I combine all the juice from the mind
Heel up, wheel up, bring it back, come, rewind
Powerful impact (Boom!) from the cannon!
Not braggin', tryna read my mind, just imagine
Vocabulary's necessary when diggin' into my library
Oh, my gosh! Oh, my gosh!
Eatin' Ital Stew like the one Peter Tosh, uh
Ugh, ugh, ugh! All over the track, man
Ugh, pardon me, ugh! As I come back!
As I did it, yo, I had to beg your pardon
When I travel through the town, I roll with the squadron
Rawr! Rawr! Like a dungeon dragon
Change your little drawers, 'cause your pants are saggin'
Try to step to this, I will twist you in a turban
And have you smellin' rank like some old, stale urine
Chickity Choco, the chocolate chicken
The rear cock diesel, buttcheeks, they were kickin'
Yo, bust it out before the Busta bust another rhyme
The rhythm is in sync (Uh!), the rhymes are on time (Time!)
Rippin' up the sound just like Horatio
Observe the vibe and check out the scenario
Here we go, yo, here we go, yo (Yeah, my man, motherfucker)
So what, so what, so what's the scenario?
Here we go, yo, here we go, yo
So what, so what, so what's the scenario?
Here we go, yo, here we go, yo
So what, so what, so what's the scenario?
Here we go, yo, here we go, yo
So what, so what, so what's the scenario?66Embed