109 ContributorsEvil Deeds Lyrics
Lord, please forgive me for what I do
For I know not what I've done

Father, please, forgive me for I know not what I do
I just never had the chance to ever meet you
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be
My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds

Momma had a baby and its head popped off
Head popped off, head popped off, head popped off, head popped off, head popped off
But Momma don't want me, the next thing I know, I'm gettin' dropped off
Gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off, gettin' dropped off
Ring-ring-ring on the doorbell of the next door neighbors, on their front porch
Their front porch, their front porch, their front porch, their front porch
But they didn't want me neither, so they left me on someone else's lawn
Else's lawn, else's lawn, else's lawn
'Til somebody finally took me in, my great aunt and uncle, Edna and Charles
Edna and Charles, Edna and Charles, Edna and Charles, Edna and Charles, they were the ones who were left in charge
My elementary, they'd gang up on me and sing this song
Sing this song, sing this song, sing this song, sing this song
It went a little something like:
"Mary had a little lamb, little lamb, little lamb
Debbie had a Satan spawn, Satan spawn"
Momma why do they keep sayin' this? I just don't understand, understand
And, by the way, where's my dad?
You might also like
Father, please, forgive me for I know not what I do
I just never had the chance to ever meet you
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be
My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds

Predominantly, predominantly, everything's always predominantly
Predominantly white, predominantly black; well, what about me?
Where does that leave me? Well, I guess that I'm between predominantly both of 'em
I think if I hear that fuckin' word again, I'ma scream
While I'm projectile vomitin'; what do I look like, a comedian to you?
Do you think that I'm kiddin'? What do I look like, some kinda idi-
Wait a minute, shit, don't answer that; why am I so misunderstood?
Why do I go through so much bullshit? It's such bullshit, it's tush mull bish
"What was me, there goes poor Marshall, again whinin' about his millions
And his mansion, and his sorrow he's always drownin' in
And the dad that he never had, and how his childhood was so bad
And how his mom was a dope addict, and his ex-wife, how they go at it
Man, I'd hate to have it as bad as that Mr. Mathers claims he had it
I can't imagine it: that little rich, poor, white bastard
Needs to take some of that cash out of the bank and take a bath in it"
Man, if I only had half of it
Shit, if you only knew the half of it...
Haha
Father, please, forgive me for I know not what I do
I just never had the chance to ever meet you
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be
My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds

Evil deeds, while I plant these evil seeds
Please, release me from these demons
I never had any of this shit planned, Mom, please, believe
I don't wanna be Satan's spawn
Never got the chance to say "I'm sorry"
Now look at all the pain I caused
Dear Santa Claus, why are you not comin' this year again?
What did I do that was so bad to deserve this?
Everything could have been so perfect
But life ain't a fairytale, I'm about to be hoisted up in the air
Forty feet below me there's people everywhere
I don't even know, but who feel like they know me 'cause I'm in this ferris wheel
And all I wanna do is go to the mall and take Hailie on the carousel
Without this crowd everywhere I go, but life is like a merry-go-round
Here we go now, do-si-do now, curtains up, the show must go now
Ring-around-the-rosie, the show's over, you can all go home now
But the curtain just don't close for me, this ain't how fame was supposed to be
Where's the switch I could just turn off-and-on? This ain't what I chose to be
So, please, God, give me the strength to have what it takes to carry on
'Til I pass 50 back the baton, the camera's on, my soul is gone
Father, please, forgive me for I know not what I do
I just never had the chance to ever meet you
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be
My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds

I said, "Father, please forgive me for I know not what I do
I just never had the chance to ever meet you
Therefore I did not know that I would grow to be
My mother's evil seed and do these evil deeds"
(Evil deeds, evil deeds, evil deeds)

*Gunshot*
*Crowd cheering*
Oh!
Last one, baby, let's go (Last one, baby, let's go)
Detroit!55Embed