4 ContributorsShut ’Em Down Lyrics
Breaking news story! Just bringing you up to date...
... across the US, as the country's economy continues to plunge
Now some are so outraged, they are doing something about it!
The Congress is proposing new taxes...
Symbols remind you of the toll the ongoing wars are taking on our country!
CEO's

We shut 'em down, we shut 'em down (shut 'em down)
We shut 'em down, yeah, we shut 'em down (shut 'em down)
We shut 'em down, we shut 'em down (shut 'em down)
We shut 'em down, yeah, we shut 'em down

Somethin' getting down from the motherfuckin' get go
Hands around your neck and I'm refusing to let go
I'm like a down south, crooked-ass police
Get me some of everything, down to your show biz
You might also likeSee? They got me straight going off, G
Going buck wild, swinging on a paparazzi
We not done, this shit ain't over
'Cause we're back with a nation of soldiers
And we ain't havin' it, we takin' over, kid
Coming through with the cannabis potent shit
I'm thinkin', "Oh, no! We rock the good show"
Hand over the mic like Billy Boddy in a fist show

(Bailouts) Shut 'em down
(Wall Street) Shut 'em down
(???) Shut 'em down
Yeah, we shut 'em down
(Cold wars) Shut 'em down
(Politicians) Shut 'em down
(Quiet Tax) Shut 'em down
Yeah, we shut 'em down

Going down the crossroads, feeling kinda lost no
Way to make it forsaken and taken for a lost soul
I don't want your sympathy, I don't need your hand out
Never had it planned out, system cut your man out
Wars on the newscast! - Caught it on a news flash
Heard about a new tax What if I refuse that?
I don't want your promises, I don't need your bullshit
I don't need you telling me the answers at the pulpit
Setup for the meltdown, hunted by the hellhounds
Spiders got you spellbound, get up if you fell down
I don't hate your slick talk, I don't seek your point of view
I'm the fucking thorn your side that keeps annoying you

(Crooked cops) Shut 'em down
(Drug lords) Shut 'em down
(Higher tax) Shut 'em down
Yeah, we shut 'em down
(False media) Shut 'em down
(A common enemy) Shut 'em down
(Hypocrites) Shut 'em down
Yeah, we shut 'em down

(Politicians) Shut 'em down
(War criminals) Shut 'em down
(This is a fixed show) Shut 'em down
Yeah, we shut 'em down
(Corruption) Shut 'em down
(No surrender) Shut 'em down
(By any means) Shut 'em down
Yeah, we shut 'em down

We shut 'em down, we shut 'em down (shut 'em down)
We shut 'em down, yeah, we shut 'em down (shut 'em down)
We shut 'em down, we shut 'em down (shut 'em down)
We shut 'em down, yeah, we shut 'em downEmbed