6 ContributorsCrash Lyrics
Are you ready? Are you ready? Are you ready?
People runnin' on empty, rock the sympte
Outside 2001, other side of the sun
People runnin' on empty, rock the sympte
Outside 2001, other side of the sun
People runnin' on empty, rock the sympte
Outside 2001, other side of the sun

(Goddamn!)
Running, here we go tumblin'
Few solutions, honey they polluted the future
Got me thinking of a new thing, revolverlution
Computer souls, controlled by confusion
You be clubbin', while the world around you crumblin'
Think its funny? Bunch of crash test dummies
If all this shit means the end of my money
This is a stick up, off go the pagers and celly's
US dollar, ain't worth what it's printed on
Backed by the Pentagon, sounds like Babylon
So I babble on, some of us stuck in them barbershops and them hair salons
While the crash comin' at your ass like
While the crash comin' at your ass like a bomb

Crash! Crash! Crash! Crash!
Crash! Crash! Crash! Crash!
You might also like
Now it all comes tumblin', runnin'
Time is runnin' runnin', crash is coming
Break the bank, spinning since the beginning
Now it all comes tumblin', crumblin'
Time is runnin' runnin', crash is coming
Break the bank, spinning since the beginning
Willie Dynamite, time to cry, no ice
Y2K, fallin' out of the sky, so its chosen
Your ice is frozen
(Don't cry, dry your eye)
This is a bitch, fuckin' glitch
Mother fucker what
The countdown to my account, count it down
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, hush, make that head bust
Last hour, no control tower making new Mayflowers
Fightin' new powers
Have you forgotten, the dark side of rotten
Picking electronic cotton, diggin' digital ditches
Lookout, lookout for the crash, crash, crash

Have you forgotten, have you forgotten
(It's Public Enemy, it's ready to go to war
Now, now, now, now)
Y2K? That's the question
What the fuck is up? Got the 85 guessin'
I told y'all for y'all protection
Got me a name change, a pair of Smith and Wessons
Starring crescents mad packed with the lessons
Figure 5% got the 10 counting blessings
Programmed by programs got you bowing to the man
Avoid collisions in mid-air, Medicaid and welfare
Zero zero what the fuck do you care?
All the lights be out, you can't get nowhere
All around, that's why I found Tony Brown
The world we know, itis going down, down, down, downEmbed