10 ContributorsTricks Up My Sleeve Lyrics
I'm a Jake, I don't bake a cake
I'm not a cake daddy, you know the type be pulling up in a Caddy
With a drop top, see when I ho hop, I kick it to the bus stop (what?)
And it's goodie-goodie gumdrops
I don't be dropping squat but to the heads they think it's topnotch
I'm skipping over every other dip as if it's
Hop hop hop hop hop hop hop, hop, hopscotch, watch
Aiy aiyyo man, ay man, look at ol' girl
She got a BIG ass! (Yo man, sic her.)
Aiy man, ay... hey sweetheart, how you doin?
I'm doin fine
Oh word? What's your name?
Rayshel
Why don't you come over to the house so I can put you in the
BUCK BANG!

Aight,  check it, you see I only bag ya for a second
You never see me begging, you see the slimmie naked
In my headroom, mo' better yet my bedroom
Tippedy toking, and stuttering as if she's Max Headroom
Redroom (Redrum?) No I ain't a murderer
I'm Jake the Rake, yo sorry if I'm hurting the
Vaginal area, fallopian tubes and your cervix
I strongly recommend that for your gen' you get some Jergens
I find it beneficial; not to force the issue
I just blow my shit and wipe you see a head it's like tissue
Use em and throw em away, see a ho a day is essential
If you want a piece of the rock, trick, go to Prudential
Cause I rock a buyer babe on the treetop
And when the wind blows, my dick'll get hard, the cradle will rock
I'm like the peacock on NBC, Nothing But Cock
I pump, prrrrrrrrrrrump pump it up yo, like a Reebok
Hey, I don't sell junk, but I'm a Junkyard Dog
And when I Duke it's a Hazzard, so call me Boss Hog
Or Roscoe P. Co-- ohhhhh! pain
That's the sound of the Caravan... running the train
Yeahhhh yeahh, bitch
That's the sound of the Caravan, running the train
Owwowhwahaheha! Check it out, check it out yeah, in yo' eye!
Yeahh! Hahhh! Yeahh!
You might also likeTwilite Tone got tricks up my sleeve
Immenslope got tricks up my sleeve
Yo DRK got tricks up my sleeve
De La Soul got tricks up my sleeve
JuJu got tricks up my sleeve
The Nubian Nut got tricks up my sleeve
Com Sense got tricks up my sleeve
("Wait... I got another trick up my sleeve")

I'm not a Jake or a Rake or a ho, but I got the mo' better
For head of the class
And if you ask me I'm not trying ta be drastic
I'm not a bitch like Robin Givens I'm concerned about your
Plastic, ask it, I'll tell you what you wanna know
And if I tell you no, don't be all up on it, dope
Fronting so your friends won't know that you got the 86
So you call me a bitch
You get your kicks, but Kix and Trix are for kids
I don't turn no tricks, I don't suck no Dix-ie cups
I hops in the hubba Hubba Bubba I'm like
Al B. stud, cause if I'm not your lover or your friend
Don't try to spend, waste your time
Trying to get a taste of mine but you ain't tasting mine
So find a new type puss, cause if I don't like you
You ain't getting service G, this ain't the drive-through
Drive by, way far, and everything'll be groovy
Then you pester me? Yo I'mma tell ya like the Nubians
Move on black brotha move on
You gotta move on black brotha move onEmbed