29 ContributorsTake It EZ Lyrics
(Yo man, brothers out here saying you should come on a gangsta tip, and other brothers out here saying you should come on a smooth tip. You know what, be yourself and just take it EZ, you know what I'm saying?)

I'm (easy!) easy, easy like Sunday morning
I can kick a stupid nervous joint when I'm yawning
Ahhh, Common's comin' with that old "oh excuse me"
Elizabeth, this is a big one, I mean a doozie
Doogie, Howser, cause see, I'm like Bowser
Kickin it with the sha-na-na-na, the t-shirt
And the trousers, how's the Family Ties?
I'm left with the gift, open it up, SURPRISE!
Big Mac, filet-o-fish, quarter pounder, french fries
Icy Coke, milkshake, sundaes and apple pies
And a cup? Nah, that's enough of that
I'm like an Indian giver, yo, give me that back!
Comin again hip-pop-pop-pop bring it back selector
We be the thoroughbred, so use your head, play the Trifecta
Common infector, smug MC, heads up!
Ya better duck cause muthafuck', it's me
 Common
Come in again... Common
 Common
 Common, check it out!
Common is coming soon to a theater near you
To the UAC crew, enough respect due
Do I do, when I do, where I do
I do, do, do, yo I do it on the ease
You might also like
I be kicking it with the doubly-dope rhymer
I'm trippin-and-dippin-and-slippin with the rhyme like Sliiiii-mer!
(Who ya gonna call?) Ghostbuster
I'm Petey Wheatstraw, and I'm just a
Hustler, I tried to scheme for a sec
But the record got wreck, tried to write a bad check
So I checked myself, before self got buck
Wild, tried to live how I had to fluctuate
To a state, and matriculate, yo I had to elevate
You can tell it's great, cause I'm state
Off 87, the South side of Chicago
Five-oh-one come follow me yo, everywhere that I go
And I know I ain't did nothing 
The district think I be just a lil trick kid fronting
UAC got my back if there's any contact
In the back is a track from Immenslope soul cat
And it's phat, sorta like Oprah before she lost weight
I put my rhymes in good hands, hey like All State
And I'm all in a state of ease, utopia
I'm the Spiderman, givin bug MC's arachnaphobia
Holy-molia, it's totally awesome
The survey says, I gets more skins than Richard Dawson
But I won't catch mono or no type of disease
Cause when I flex, for sex, I do it on the ease (Yeah!)
On the ease, (Check it out!) On the ease (How?)
On the ease, (Now here we go!) On the ease (Yeah!)
On the ease, (Check it out!) On the ease
(Take it EZ!)
(Yeah... In fact, it's feeling so good, let's take it all the way back to the '50s!
Sing it!)

A-wop-bop-a-loo-bop, a-lop-bam-boo
I'm a Dr. Pepper, wouldn't you like to be a Pepper
Two-steppin' through, yodel-le-hee-hoo!
Oui oui ma cherie, et comment allez vous?
(Contraire mon frere) Ok, truth or dare:
Is it true that I'm dope? (Yeahhhh!)
Yippedy yes y'all, here we go a loopedy loop de loo
A hubbeda hula hoop, a hubbeda alley oop to Coop
I gots the Magic, but I'm not a Laker
I'm shaking-and-baking and taking, cause I'm the back-board
Break her arm and feather, whipping the wonder when she activates
Hold up! My drawers are in my crack,  pass the tape
Time to activate, and ejaculate
This is the period where I menstruate (What!?)
I meant to say demonstrate
I'm in a state, where I've had too much eight, ball
In the corner pocket, count em, buck it
A chicken, a finger-lickin with a finger-bone
C'mon I'm on a roll, stippedy stutter-roll
Owah-owah-owah-owah Ayatoll
Of Khomein, my domain is infinite
Ya got trouble, well you need to get some dick
And to the hip-hop shop, the future shock
When we started kickin on the one two, and ya don't stop
But the buck stops here buckaroo
Ya got your instructions, now you know what to do
Take it EZ!
(Man... Matter of fact, we're gonna take it EZ so straight, so nice, we're gonna, we're gonna, we're gonna STOP!!!)5Embed