24 ContributorsBreaker 1/9 Lyrics
A weeby weeby wobble gobble gobble DO the turkey
Lord have mercy, mercy mercy me
You see I'm trying to get the punani
But you just wanna rock me, ah-eh-eh, ah-eh-eh
You see I'm trying to get the punani
But you just wanna rock me, oooh, check it
So get your rattle rattle thunder clatter boom boom boom
Because I gotta gotta get some, el-bow, room
So I can Bang-kok, better yet, knock Italy
But raindrops keep falling on my couch, try to sit with me
Tampering up my program, so I play another slow jam
It's not an ancient Chinese secret, you should know man
But you insist on stay and playing Genesis
I gotta put an end to this, balderdash, EEE haul ass
And don't come knocking my door, with the cockle-doodle-doo
I'm talking the his and his and hers, Three's Company too
So step to the step to the rear
And don't come back now, hear?

Ahh to the break y'all (break y'all, yeah)
Ahh to the break y'all (break y'all, made it!)
To the break y'all (break y'all, NAHH!)
To the break y'all (break y'all break, BREAK!)
You might also like
The CB's, the CB's, they'rrrrre here!
I'm checking my mirror from the rear, blocks are closer than they appear
The time is near for you to drop your beer and get your nuts again
But ain't no haps (UH-UH) your dick isn't there
You're thinking that, "Oops, I made a mistake"
You say, "Fuck Nell Carter, c'mon Jimmy, give me a break"
You made a mistake on the first take
Trying to break a leg for take two
You shoulda ate your Wheaties
And Petey mighta made a breakthrough
You say to hope that things might bloom, so you assume position
Wishing he would listen, so you start to kissing
It's alive, and up goes, and up goes you're adrenaline
You aimed, you fired, THERE YOU GO, limp figures
So you take ? and then play the role of friend and talk
Try to tell her it's her fault, when Jack your Been wouldn't Stalk
Baby Bubba you's a goner, ahh, you's a goner
It's fucked up, when Your Dick Is Playin Tricks On Ya
So you pop fizz, what a relief, beef strokin'-off
My man, got your thing, in your hand, say, "I I think I can!"
Damn this never happened before, yeah sure that's what they all say
Uh-oh you better get Maaco kid, cause old girl is salty
What was sweet to eat, has now dried up and rotted
It's a pile of pew, pick up your glove and say, "Yo I got it!"
Hoping you won't drop you thought you had it made like ?Kay?
What more could go wrong - you got the right one baby!
Uh-huh, let you tell it, everybody and their momma knows
That you came quick, quicker than a pizza, from Domino's
To the break y'all (break y'all, YEAH)
To the break y'all (break y'all, MAYBE)
To the break y'all (break y'all, NAHHH)
To the break y'all (break y'all, check it out)
The 1/9, the 1/9, the CB's, the break
The 1/9, the 1/9, the CB's, the break!
The 1/9, the 1/9, the CB's, the break!!
Break it up, break it up, break it up, BREAK DOWN!

Walking up and then down the strip
Looking for some hip so I can skip
I spotted this honeydip, and her friend tried to sell me a script
That they were in a rush to catch the bus, but that was the OLD Gus
So I'm getting a bus, as I thrill at the disgust
Since old girl was with this, I told her friend to kiss this
And listen physical fitness use your brain and mind your business
Dippin from a distance, in an instance I got the digits
And blew a kiss to her
(THAT OLD STANK HOEEEE) was mad I didn't speak to her
I hooked up with the one that looked NICE
Took her mind, like an ICE
'Til her friends gave her advice to think, twice
Before with me she slept, my rep was kinda ill
They told her to keep that booty still
I been through more hoes than the pill
Still I overcame cause I got game like a athlete (UHH)
In less than a half week, she was with it to do the nasty (BREAK)
The drawers dropped, the top off, and the boots was getting knocked
I heard the door unlock, it was her pop he was a cop
So I stopped dropped and rolled, so I wouldn't inhale a shell
Broke like a fingernail, on my trail was the smell of tail
Bailed back around the flat, to wash off the smell of cat
Like a belt, everything was strapped
'til my homey asked, "WASSUP WIT DAT?"
The dat was like dis G, I told him I got busy
This was the spy who dissed me cause he told it like a sissy
THAT WAS FOUL, I went to him lost in the mind now it's a dead end
The little red Corvette that locked the door and I can't get in
No more no more no more and now I know and now I know
Don't mess around with CB's, good buddy, ten-fo'
(Ha hahh, yeahh, ahh break it..)2Embed