26 ContributorsWhat U Doin? (Bullshitting) Lyrics
Boi, boi, boi

I-I-I say that shit again, I said it once before
I just, I just, I just, I just want it all
I glisten and shine with misses' fine model chick, big behind
Bad enough to skip the line but to me she just a nine
I hop up out that double-0, you can call me Mr. Bond
Bitch, I am a monster, I belong in District 9

Catch me in my office, office, doing business
Fuck you doing? Bullshitting

I get all the eyes when I step inside and
They all arise when I am arrivin'
Bring out the Rose, Nuvo, Ciroc and
Bring out the OJ like Johnny Cochran
I guess they on son, cause my neck look like horizon
Just a million people behind me and I don't have Verizon

Man, I'm chillin with my niggas nigga, and a couple cool bitches
Fuck you doin'? Bullshittin'
You might also like
Me and my nigga SayItAintTone
Hundred pretty girlies singing our song
Yeah I kick my feet up you can't say that I ain't home
And I be blowing on that reefer you can't say that it ain't strong
And she just, she just, she just, she just want a long dick
I put it in her mouth and now that bitch look like a conehead

When I'm done? Go ahead
(Nigga what the fuck?) What you thought this is?
(Hell naw) Fuck you doing? Bullshitting

I hear, I hear, I hear man but that shit just don't compare
I tell you you the best, when I'm looking in the mirror
By the time y'all over here, I'm prolly over there
And by the time you riding what I'm riding on I'm in the air
No wonder why my mind is so cloudy, I'm drowsy
My frequent flier miles is in the thousies, I'm outtie

Somewhere chilling in Maui, swimming with the scuba fishes
Fuck you doing? Bullshitting

Nigga I be splargin, I beg my pardon
Cause y'all niggas is starving, looking for a bargain
Gone and roll that weed yea I think it's time to spark it
Cause I be running through them trees niggas call me Tarzan
What you think? We won't stop! Gone stop? Silly ho
I'm living out my dreams, don't you dare hit that alarm clock
I'm laid up with your girlfriend
You knocking like, "What you doing, nigga?"
(What you doin', man?) I'm like, "Fuck you doing?"
(Aww, come on, man!) Bullshitting

Ha! Boi... (D-Town, nigga!)
I hit you with an AMC, my nigga, that's a full clip
And you could be like me if you just quit with all the bullshittin'

I do it! Boi, boi, boi
Earl Mack, what up!
Finally Famous in this, gettin'... money
D-Town, nigga!
G.O.O.D. Music, what!
Boi, boi2Embed