29 ContributorsHole in the Head Lyrics
Ganxsta Ridd, whassup yo?
It's a Tribe thang

Madman gonna gat cha, quick with the cuete
See a gang, no there ain't no jugete
Rollin' like a psycho with the windows rolled down
Who you lookin at, you tryin to fade me clown?
Plato, si mon, you want static
When you reach for your gat to load your automatic
(Boo-yaa!!) Spittin' out buckshots
Homie say blood claat, so you can call a pig
'Cause no one could handle, aguanta en loco
Insane to the brain, you get the bullet and

A hole in your head
A hole in your fuckin' head
(In your head!)
A hole in the head, a hole in the head
You get a hole in the head (a hole in the head) in your motherfuckin' head
(Huh!)
A hole in the head, a hole in the head

Eight barrel pumpin', system thumpin'
See a fine heina, c'mon baby jump in
I stop to cop, here let me tell you somethin'
Me and you, ruca, we should be humpin'
Honey likes the mack, homie's got her in the bag
But there's vato's rollin out, and they're stickin' up the flag
He jumps out with the sag, hey where ya from homes?
It's on... he sees him reachin' for his chrome
Buckshot to the dome, jumps in the Brome
Honey's in the back but she just wants to go home
But he trips to the store homeboy needs a forty
White boy at the counter's thinkin' oh lordy lordy!
Pushin' on the button, panickin' for nuttin'
Pigs on the way, aiyyo I smells bacon
Dips out the store, one-time hits the corner
And he hits the fuckin' alley like if homes was Pop Warner
Still had the forty, comin' out the alley
Seen the chief's son, pig Officer O'Malley, oink
In the black and white thinkin' he's gonna jack him right
Wrong, hah, it's gonna be on
That pig better saca la chrome (P.D. 187)
A to the motherfuckin' K! (You know whassup Sen)
Shoot your ass down! And by the way
You might also like
You get a hole in your head
A fuckin' hole in your head
(In your head!)
A hole in your head, a hole in your head
You get a hole in your head in your motherfuckin' head
(In your head!)
A hole in the head, a hole in the head

A Scooby Doo y'all, a Scooby Doo y'all
Scooby Doo!
A Scooby Doo y'all, a doobie doobie doo y'all
Doobie doo!
A Scooby Doo y'all, Scooby Doo y'all!
Scooby Doo!
A Scooby Doo y'all, a Scooby doobie Doo y'all

Six rollin up and now he's really baffled
Brother's thinkin' "Damn I never got this gaffled" (to' up)
Beat down (down) on the way to the station
Gaffled up from a false accusation
Oink to the pen, you know homes the one that's where the
Attitudes are flying and the punks will be dying
Made a comb to a shank, I'm gonna stick ya
Wet ya, you know homes the picture
(Yeah you never been to jail boy!)
Broomstick up your ass
And by the way, you get
A hole in your head
A fuckin'  hole in your head
(In your head!)
A hole in the head, a hole in the head
You get a hole in your head in your motherfuckin' head
A hole in your head, a hole in your head
You get a hole in your head in your motherfuckin' head
(In your head!)
A hole in the head, a hole in the head
You get a hole in your head in your motherfuckin' head
A hole in your head, a hole in your head

Yeah South Central and the Westside teamed up
This is hell boy
It's a Tribe thang... straight up! It's a Tribe thang
What side is that Ridd?
Can they kick it?
Can they kick it?
Yeah, can they kick it?
I'm Sirnose and they cannot kick itEmbed