46 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolTake One for the Team Lyrics
Doin' my thing, pocket full of green
Hand on my dick in my thousand-dollar jeans
Your girl a queen, my girl a thing
You know what, though? I'ma take, I'ma take this one for the team

Hehe
I'ma take this one for the team
G.O.O.D. Music!
Yeah, ugh

You know what? I figured out I'm not a nice guy
I shook hands, kissed babies, gave it a nice try
You know what? I hate pictures of other people kids
I hate plastic couches in other people cribs
I hate when other people cribs smell like shit
I hate when I leave and smell like the crib
What's the cause of the poor smell?
She said, "I just cleaned up", baby, I can't tell
Why every ghetto bitch gotta smell like Love Spell
Or that God damn cucumber Bath and Body Works?
I can still smell the sweat, the shit hardly works
What about Cool Water? That shit probably worse
This here a classic like the La-Di-Da-Di verse
And my man probably hollered at the hottie first
I scored, he took the charge
Oooh, that shit gotta hurt
You might also like
Doin' my thing (Hah), pocket full of green (Yeah)
Hand on my dick in my thousand-dollar jeans (Yeah)
Your girl a queen, my girl a thing (Ehh)
You know what, though? I'ma take, I'ma take this one for the team

Never mind me, 'Ye, have fun
If the cops ask, that's my gun
That's my weed, anything you need
I'ma take, I'ma take, I'ma take this one for the team
One fat ass, one flat ass
Nigga hit the switcheroo on my black ass
Ever seen Joe's Jeans on a jackass?
And my bitch got on tights with a tack ass
I'm a fly nigga, and I carry on
With them bottles of that Rosé and Perignon
Ever seen how a kingpin carries on?
Dookie rope link chain and a herringbone
The real shit, gotta feel this
First class flights, baby, that's a field trip
Double date, don't cooperate, kill switch
Fuck me and my man, you a real bitch

Doin' my thing, pocket full of green (Yeah)
Hand on my dick in my thousand-dollar jeans (Yeah)
Your girl a queen, my girl a thing (Yeah)
You know what, though?
I'ma take, I'ma take this one for the team
Ladies and gentlemen
It's G.O.O.D. Music in the house
And we got... Keri!

Boy, I know you the one that I heard about (Hah)
And I know you workin' with it through word of mouth
Looks like I'ma have to test you in and out
It's a dirty job but sometimes you gotta
Take it for the team (Hah)
Take it for the team
Take it for the team (I like your mentality, baby)
Take it for the team (Hahahahaha)

(CyHi!) I'm blowin' on stinky that come in a jar
(CyHi!) Playin' with her kitty, made her come in the car
(CyHi!) She a redbone but her cousin is dark
(CyHi!) A little out of shape but she'll fuck in the dark
Until she start complainin' 'bout her feet hurt
I'm trying to fuck, she talkin' 'bout she want to eat first
I'm like, "Why did this bitch have to bring her?"
Tryin' to get her back to the nest so I could sting her
So I hit Big Sean on the ringer
I said, "I got a chick for you that look like a singer
On a scale of one to ten, she's a fifteen-er"
Man, you shoulda seen a nigga face when he seen her
He said the bitch wasn't pretty enough to finger
On my team, she would be a fifth-stringer
I said, "I got the fine one in the Bimmer
I'm the point guard and I need a wing, take it for the team"
Take it for the team
Take it for the team
Take it for the team
Take it for the team

Doin' my thing, pocket full of green
Hand on my dick in my thousand-dollar jeans
Your girl a queen, my girl a thing
You know what, though?
I'ma take, I'ma take this one for the team
I'ma take this one for the team
G.O.O.D. Fridays
I'ma take this one for the team

It's the nigga they love to hate
But all the bad model bitches they love to date
You need to check my swag and get up to date
Check, check my swag and get up to date
We in the bathroom now, she get her back blew out
She can't clean but I bet she got a vacuum mouth
And I bet I'm gon' sweat her Vidal Sassoon out
Her friend bust in, goddamn, who brought the raccoon out?
For the team, uh

Like we always do at this time
Like, like we always do at this time
I go for, I got to
Like we always do at this time
Like we always do at this time
Go for, I got to
Like we always do at this time
Hah, like we always do at this time
Southside, we gon' set this party off right
This time
This time
Yeah, yeah
Mike Dean on the keys
Hey, oh

They love to hate
Bad model bitches, they love to date
They need to check my swag and get up to date
Check-check-check my swag and get up to date
Aye, it's the nigga they love to hate
But all the bad model bitches, they love to date
They need to check my swag and get up to date
Check-check-check my swag and get, uh, aye16Embed