106 ContributorsI Am Who Am (Killin’ Time) Lyrics
*Coughs*
I think I'm gettin' sick
Been in this room
Like I was hidin' from somethin'
Look, ugh

Posin' a question: how many been empty and holdin' aggression?
Close to depression, open your eyes and just focus a second
Fuck a recession, my brother my mind is my weapon
I'm lettin' it go, loaded and pointed at negative energy
Tellin' me stop, they tellin' me, "No" (Don't)
Your aura is somethin' you ain't even sure of
Explore the core of California, whores got more to snort up
I've had a smorgasbord of pornographic thought
That's a lot, the feelin' come after the shock
Praise me, I'd rather you not, 'cause
It's drivin' me crazy, the fact that you pay me amaze me
That's somethin' I love
You come to the club searchin' for drugs, drunk, fuckin' these sluts
God loves me, what if he does? What does it mean?
You wastin' away doin' nothin', you frontin'
Why aren't you chasin' your dreams, ugh?
We wonder 'bout life, but none of us willin' to learn
The money we earn is somethin' to burn
Why won't they give me a turn? I'll
Feed the hungry and clothe the naked
You mistaken, the world is cold and it's lonely, ain't it?
When them high-rollers homes in Vegas raided with some home invasion
Contaminatin' the place with plague, we just saved the day
I waste away in a room spittin' these raps
Yahweh put the world in my hands, I'm givin' it back, yep
You might also like
It's a gift
(Our) Our time to be alive
No earthly vehicle
Can contain this drive
It's a gift
(Our) Our time to be alive
No earthly vehicle
Can contain this drive

Forfeitin' the war, he lays his sword down and walks away
Grabs a 40 from the corner store, begins to contemplate
Dealin' with death like he work in the morgue, absorbin' souls forgotten
He lost his way, starin' down that barrel, thinkin', "Not today"
Life's so precious, Lord knows that life is so precious
Fight to the death 'til there's nobody left
And you holdin' your breath 'cause you might get infected
I'm animalistic, instinctively thinkin' of gettin' ballistic
Be specific, to those in control we all statistics
Misogynistic with a twisted mind, I'm intertwined
My trigger finger itchin', all I kill is time—*Bang*
Initial symptoms of schizophrenic behavior
The mind is like religion, can't agree on who's its savior
The newest flavor of superhero, I'm shootin' lasers
'Cept I'm cool with Vader and blowin' up rooms that's full of strangers
A news anchor the youth can relate to, it's nature
You a hater? I'll deal with you later, no, thank ya
I'm just your neighbor, please don't do me no favors
Really Doe, come on, homie, we major
I waste away in this room spittin' out raps
Yahweh put the world in my hands, I'm givin' it back
It's a gift
(Our) Our time to be alive
No earthly vehicle
Can contain this drive
It's a gift
(Our) Our time to be alive
No earthly vehicle
Can contain this drive


It's just a different time, man
It's just a different time
There was a time
When we showed love
Da, da-da, da-da, da-da
You know like how we (Da, da-da, da-da, da-da)
Approach a young lady (Oh-whoa)
You see a beautiful young lady, you like (Oh-whoa)
You say, damn, man (La, da-da, da-da, da-da)
You're gorgeous (Da, da-da, da-da, da-da-da-da)
I'll take off my coat right now and (Dum, la-da-da)
Lay it down on the puddle and (Dum)
Make sure you don't miss a step (Da, da-da, da-da, da-da)
Da, da-da, da-da, da-da
You know what I'm talkin' 'bout, young man? (Oh-whoa)
See all these bitches and... (Oh-whoa)
Hoes and... (La, da-da, da-da, da-da)
Thots? I just don't understand it  (Da, da-da, da-da, da-da-da-da)
I don't know what's to come of you, young man (Dum, la-da-da, dum)65Embed