24 ContributorsThrow Your Set in the Air Lyrics
Who that? Who that?
Ah, Showtime, that's that little young nigga again, man
Damn, motherfucker come around every day, what he want, man?
Ayy, wassup OG Showtime, man?
Wassup holmes?
Hey man, I been thinkin', man, and, uh—
You been thinkin' about what?
Ayy, I'm ready to get put down on the set
You ready to get put down on this set? (I'm ready to represent the shit)
On this one right here?
You ready to die for this? (I'm ready to die for this, nigga)
What you ready to do? (I'm ready to put in work)
What you ready to do? You ready to get— yeah
Get him, get him, get him!
Yeah, hit him
What set you from now, huh? Huh? What set you from?

Every nigga out there wanna be down with the crew
Some ain't got enough heart, let me ask you
This, would you be down like a soldier
Loyal and do everything I told you?
I can mold you into a warrior
Down for your neighborhood, workin' up to a G with the flavor
Criminal behavior on the mind
When I got your back, you know I got your back each and every time
You might also like
Throw your set in the air (C'mon)
Wave it around like you just don't care
Throw your set in the air (Throw it up, holmes)
Wave it around like you just don't care

It's time to exit that busta nigga
Get your hands out your pockets and your finger on the trigger
Let one fly, we don't die, we multiply
Throw your set up in the sky
High as you can 'cause you can't fuck with this
Nigga when I got the Glock, you better duck quick
'Cause I ain't havin' it
If you got your gat, you better start grabbin' it, I can handle it
Soy numero uno mero mero
You know I run with Muggs and the perro
Firin' up that heater
When I'm throwin' up a set I got my nina millimeter
Los Scandalous, Killafornia where I'm from
Dum-ditty, dum-ditty, ditty-dum-dum
I'm buckin' on your ass, now you know where I'm from
Dum-ditty, dum-ditty, ditty-dum-dum

Throw your set in the air (C'mon)
Wave it around like you just don't care
Throw your set in the air (Throw it up)
Wave it around like you just don't care
Throw your set in the air (Throw your hood, holmes)
Wave it around like you just don't care (Go, c'mon on)
Throw your set in the air (Give it up)
Wave it around like you just don't care
Nigga, throw your set in the air, nigga, you know what I'm sayin'?
If you're scared, nigga, take your motherfuckin' punk ass to church
'Cause where I'm from, nigga, on the east side
Every motherfuckin' day is a job, nigga
Gotta handle your business, 'cause if you don't
Your motherfuckin' cap will get peeled back
And that ain't no bullshit
If you wanna test a nigga, bring it on nigga, you know what I'm sayin'?
Throw your motherfuckin' set up in the air

Let me take you to the dark side of the moon
Tell mama that you won't be comin' home anytime soon
'Cause I got you under my thumb, nigga, what set you claimin'?
Better be the same set I'm claimin'
Take a look around, countless amount of soldiers
When I'm chillin' on the east side of town
And it won't stop 'til I'm done
Dum-ditty, dum-ditty, ditty-dum-dum

Throw your set in the air (C'mon)
Wave it around like you just don't care
Throw your set in the air (Throw it up)
Wave it around like you just don't care
Throw your set in the air (Throw your hood up)
Wave it around like you just don't care
Throw your set in the air (Give it up)
Wave it around like you just don't care
Yeah, that's right
Straight givin' up the 'hood all day, fool
Cypress Hill, motherfucker, what you wanna do?
Uh-huh, givin' my shit up in your face fool4Embed