99 ContributorsAvian Lyrics
Yah
Yo, yo

Look
Concoction of hamentashens (Okay)
Launchin' a bottle rocket (Okay)
Done bein' nice, I'm here for your life and all the profits (Whoa)
I'm not your conscience, you nuts? Almonds and Häagen-Dazs
Auction off your grandfather's watch from the Holocaust (Okay)
I'm iconic, naked, walk in the garden bird watchin'
Alarmin' all of these cardinals like I need a pope (Pope)
Puffin' that white smoke (Smoke,) get faded and play the maestro
I'm ice cold, bunny slippers, nice robe (Probably velvet)
Sneaky bitch stole my Rollie last night, yo (Night, yo)
I might know some dyke hoes who can fight though (Yeah!)
Walkin' on a tight rope, underneath a microscope
But close-up we all just molecules and isotopes (That's very deep)
My psychic don't know the future
To live life, you kids might just close your computer (Get some exercise)
The street lights might blind you though (Blind you though)
Make a collage and look at it through a kaleidoscope

There's a bird in the sky
Look at him fly, why?
Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why?
Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Ugh
Let the money pile, I'll be runnin' wild
Life's a motherfuckin' joke so we fuck around
Feel like I do this in my sleep (Do this in my sleep)
Literally, I do this in my sleep
You might also like
It's an impression of Bueller
Yeah, yeah

A little TV money (Okay), dollars for sense of humor (Yeah)
Scholar but my attendance like Bueller, so no use for a tutor
Some cold brews in the cooler (Have one,) comin' through
In the wood-grain PT Cruiser, stuntin' (Stuntin')
I'm pissed off like a blind person lookin' for a restroom (Restroom)
Prob'ly be dead soon, inhalin' cigarette fumes *Coughs*
Sorry for that blind people comment, that was just rude (Yeah)
And I was raised better, say, "God bless you" (God bless you,) haha
I'm Kenny Powers, you more of a Debbie Downer
My bitch takin' off her trousers every time I get around her
I'm nasty, I never shower, go sleep on a bed of flowers
Not into this conversation, I've been in my head for hours, I'm out

There's a bird in the sky
Look at him fly, why?
Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why?
Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Why? Ugh
Let the money pile, I'll be runnin' wild
Life's a motherfuckin' joke so we fuck around
Feel like I do this in my sleep (Do this in my sleep)
Literally, I do this in my sleep49Embed