11 ContributorsThe Funky Cypress Hill Shit Lyrics
I came to introduce a new type of juice
Stuff I invents to make you feel real loose
No you don't drink it, just let it sink it
Then start feelin' it (The Funky Cypress Hill Shit!)
People ask, "Why do you sound so funny?"
They must be talkin' bout my funky nasal vocal money
I take control, no need to blow my nose
Just click on the chumpy and feel the funky flows
For you and your bros, him and his ho's
You don't like it? Here's my dick— bite it
There's nuttin you can do about the real one
It's a ill sum with the ill juice, I'm The Phuncky Feel One
Sen'll Psycobeta, blast ya if he hasta
Tell em Sen (I'm the Psycobeta master!)
Strikin' ya (hittin' ya) buckin' ya (fuckin' ya)
Like my buddha plant boy, I'm gonna keep pluckin' ya
Pickin' ya, then I'm gonna roll you up and light ya
Despite your fool ya sight to take my joint
To get to my point, I'm talkin' about a ill trip
The Funky Cypress Hill Shit

 The Funky Cypress Hill Shit!
 The Funky Cypress Hill Shit!
 The Funky Cypress Hill Shit!
 The Funky Cypress Hill Shit!
You might also like
Let me tell you what happens when you squeeze, you're juiceless
You can't get loose, so now you're useless
Can't feel the funk so I guess I'll pump the wrist
How bout this ma kiss my blunt?
Right into ya, now you're feelin', the chemicals vibin'
Are you realizin', that it's gettin' better?
Surprisin' you, whether or not, your shit's together
From the high-pitched levels (comin' from my "huevos")
Cypress Hill imported it, boiled it in steam
But yo everything ain't what it seems
Cause the Cypress Hill material luxurious superior
Glory or memorial, historical physical
Ingredients, gettin' that immediate blend
Yo Sen take aim, and let the juice now extend
(Yeah I'm still comin' atcha, but you don't need to duck down
Cause this is somethin' different than a Psychobetabuckdown!)

 The Funky Cypress Hill Shit!
 The Funky Cypress Hill Shit!
 The Funky Cypress Hill Shit!
 The Funky Cypress Hill Shit!

 Kick that shit B-Real!
Intellect filthy en lingo
Dissed you, I control elements, suck on slow
(to get you all jazzed) from here to Tallahassee
This ain't Florida, so put away the O.J
Never in your life will you wet this
This crazy business, now you're thinkin' ay que pinga
Tremenda, re cinda it's good like some cheeba
The formula will run ya I'll start takin' up a list
So you can get blitzed and you feel your head's twisted
Now insisted, you fill it to the brim
Yo I ain't him, I could never be them
This ain't poison, so let's go out on a limb
For the boys and girls who haven't had it yet
If you get too much, and roll it too straight, oh
It's a fatal blow, somethin' like a K.O
Yeah it'll sting ya fria cojones
See ya, I'm on it, somethin' for the blunted
Just what you wanted, so you can feel the high
Smokin' the buddha thai
Lungs expandin' and now you're feelin' it
Yeah, the funky cypress hill shit!

 The Funky Cypress Hill Shit!
 The Funky Cypress Hill Shit!
 The Funky Cypress Hill Shit!
 The Funky Cypress Hill Shit!Embed