26 ContributorsTrying People Lyrics
Dave, what up, man? It's me
Um, just callin to see, if possible, if you have any time today or within the next couple of days
If, if, you're in the studio, or if you're at home, or car, whatever
That song that, it's called "Trying" or something, Mase was tellin' me that I needed to hear
He said it was amazing
Woo, the way he was talkin', man, I wanna hear it

Am I just another lost in the pack?
We Horshack shit, you know, laugh it off
Years just blow by
My eyes stay fixed, but the picture's kind of out of focus
I cry a lot, but admit to it
Enjoyin' life now, but I've been through it
Sometimes I wish that I can go back
No bills, no kids, just gettin' tore back
I want a wife, I love women
How could I front like I don't be in love with 'em?
A lil' man that I can teach
A lil' sand, but not the beach
I figure excess'll only bring an excessive amount of fuss
So when I'm gone, make sure the head stone reads, "He did it for us"
I'm like your modern day Jesus
I cherish warm thoughts like a gray goose
And float soft kisses to my baby (Yo, ain't that Dave's little girl?)
Yeah, respect her for that, she gon' be somebody instead of somebody baby mama
You see, young minds are now made of armor
I'm tryin' to pop a hole in your Yankee cap
Absorb me
The skies over your head ain't safe no more
And hip-hop ain't your home
And if it is, you fuckin' up the crib, son
You make life look like I don't wanna live one
You might as well hold your breath until you die in a corner somewhere bent over in the crevice
This god theory overcomes the worst of weathers
As long as you willin' to try, you on a good start, homie
You on a good start, see nigga tryin'
You might also like
People, are you ready?
Yes, we're ready
Are you really ready?
We wanna be ready
Ready for the change that may approach you
Yes
Follow down the path that you supposed to
Yes
People, are you ready?
Yes, we're ready
Are you really ready to try?
We wanna try harder
You know mistakes are trials that we learn from?
Yes
In order to live life, you must earn one?
Yes
People, are you ready?

Throughout my change to grow, some of my people got left behind
They didn't listen for the gun as I leaped from off the line
Thirteen years deep in this marathon I'm runnin'
Paid dues and still got bills to pay
When I came back around the way
Old friends gave me dead eyes
And fake smiles, half wide
We were supposed to rid the world of danger
These days, we nod heads and small talk like polite strangers
It's natural to fall off, just land close to the tree
I'll be there if they need me to be
And I know all my local shorties
'Cause they all know who I am
And lately wanna flip grammar instead of grams
Like that's the only choice they got
They tell me how they gonna shake up the game
But came to me to see if I could give 'em guidance for change
Shit, y'all, I need guidance myself
And I chisel right words to make gems
Got fans around the world, but my girl's not one of 'em
And my relationship's a big question
'Cause my career's a clear hindrance to her progression
Said she needs a man and our kids need a father
I'm not at all ready to hear her say, "Don't bother"
And break
And this I know I can't take
But uh, C. Smith said to hold on
My brother Luck said to hold on
My nigga Dave said to hold on
My nigga Mase said to hold on
Yo, Maseo, we need to hold on
Ayo, y'all, we need to hold on
People, are you ready?
Yes, we're ready
Well, what you wanna be?
We wanna be ready
Do you wanna lose hate for love?
Yes
Do you wanna see these gates above?
Yes
I said, people, are you ready?
Yes, we're ready
But are you willing to try?
We wanna try harder
Do you really wanna carry some weight?
Yes
Are you ready to design your fate?
Yes
Yo, people, are you ready?
Yes, we're ready
Well, what you wanna be?
We wanna be ready

Operation complete
Preparing for installment three3Embed