55 ContributorsEgo Trippin’ (Part Two) Lyrics
I'm buggin'
E-ghostbusters
Mercy, mercy, (ego trip, ego trip)
Mercy! (ego trip, ego trip)
Mercy!
Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!
Ah! Ah! Ah! Ah!

Yep, yep big trucker man's rollin' in town
How ya do, how ya do
I got the joints to make ya (jump!)
Because I'm headin' eastbound
Tired of the merry go round and around
And everybody's talkin' bout you're so funny
But they still tellin' lies to me
I got the trees in my backyard
And it's hard for them to tell a lie to me
And who's the foot? I'm the foot, but who's steppin'
(Ain't no half steppin')
You know where I'm steppin'
Skirts play wit it cause I'm slick like that
I'm the greatest MC in the world!
You gots to gimme gimme mine 'cause I'm heavy when I weigh it
Watch the way I say it (Ego trip)
I change my pitch up, smack my bitch up, I never did it
The flavor's bein' bought, but brothers ain't gettin' it
Get it, or else you're a goner
When I rolls over, ya gonna have to wanna lamp
'Cause it's the Chattanooga champ
Takin' the train, takin' the train, takin' the train, takin' a train
You might also like
Now I'm somethin' like a phenomenon
I'm somethin' like a phenomenon
Well, I'm the hourglass cat
Drug it out of jack (For Jill)
'Cause I spilled the phenomenon
Pack the holes in my lawn
Got the girls in my song
Word is bond, I'm a livin' phenomenon
Well I'm a better brand 'cause I'm a superman
I run the block with my circle cause I'm nubian
I got the platinum rust, so don't even fuss
'Cause DJ Paul, he's down wit us
Now people stop takin' my stylin' for a joke
I don't sassafras, I put the foot up their ass
Sometimes I'm fast, won't arf like a seal
When they reminisce over you
For real
Mase chopped the record down to the bone
And now Renee King is on my telephone
But I got the Ring Ring Ha Ha Hey Hey
'Cause this type of shit it happens every day
I got to make me a connection so my imports stuff
(Word) Word 'em up
'Cause I'm so fly
Yes, on and on
I'm ins like - (Don't rock my yacht)
I got Gills like Johnny
Sail at 7 elf (Well, good for ya)
Bigger than bigs, dig it (I dug it)
Ways that amazes popes
I am the is equals is 'cause it's caught up
When the tides taught me the ropes
No weights for the baits (Man, I'll give you four)
For a verb unheard of (Man, gimme one more)
Alright you got it if you're special
With a dapper toe tapper when a lot's goin' on
(And ain't a damn thing happenin')
The answer to the riddle is me and here's the question
Who can be (fresh), who can be (dope)
Who can be (nice), who can be (beautiful)
Who can be (word), who can be...

Me be the Jericho Turnpike bandit
Yes, competition try to troupe my way
I sing the song you never heard before
I feed the famine in the mind
So mind ya manners baby
I run a line on ya
Lay ya on the springs then slay ya
All this and a condom 'cause I be a taxpayer
Promotin' of a moccasin I skin like Danny Boone
When I swallow hear the (gulp)
So give me room, just give me room back the hell up
(Know what I'm sayin'?)
Or when I run the mic there won't be no delayin'
Pressure 40 dozen like an Easy Bake oven
(Blue's got the muffin (Eat it!), Blue's got the muffin (Eat it!))
Intoxicate many with my talk without intoxicatin' myself low
So I gots to walk slow, but ...
Don't you get too high
(Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip
Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip
Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip
Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip
Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip
Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip)
(Aaah!! Aaah!! Aahh!! Aahh!! Aahh!!
Aaah!! Aaah!! Aahh!! Aahh!! Aahh!!
Aaah!! Aaah!! Aahh!! Aahh!! Aahh!!
Aaah!! Aaah!! Aahh!! Aahh!! Aahh!!
Aaah!! Aaah!! Aahh!! Aahh!! Aahh!!)
PRINCE PAUL:
Somebody's cryin'?
I know somebody's cryin'
Who's cryin'?
Yo, somebody's cryin' here
(Trippin' down the fuckin' stairs)
(YEEAAAHHH!)6Embed