29 ContributorsWonce Again Long Island Lyrics
Once again, my friend
Long Island
(What the hell do you wanna be when you grow up?)
I wanna be a supa emcee
(Well you're already that) So let me step up to bat
Attack a hit to go beyond this age of rap counterfeits

Out of the heavens August one-seven, sixty-nine
Born I, Wonder Why, with the thoughts to rhyme
'Til there was no longer thoughts to dream
When an unpolished demo led to limos at the age of eighteen
Accompanied by the screams, "Plug One"
Shot up with fame like novocaine, it made me numb
So numb I wouldn't been able to feel
Niggas diggin in my pockets for my currency reels
But still, I make girls brown eyes blue at will (Until)
My ass was no longer mass appeal
Oh shit, I guess that was all the fame I was allotted
Wait a minute, new video, like a leopard I'm spotted
In a night club chillin' with Khaliyl and Phife
I be that farmer cultivating owning acres of mics
And I likes to make it known Strong Island stylin'
For a while, so do that dance
You might also like
(Are you rockin' the spot?) Yes I be
(Showin' others they do not?) Yes I be
(Havin' them towed from the lot?) Yes I be
That's my job as a supa emcee, I'm from Long Isle
Mobile, make it worth your while
If the jam needs motion, I'm the one to dial
(Goin' beyond ninety watts) Yes I be
(Well are you rockin' it?) Yes, yes I be (Rockin' it!)

I can stress the makin' of loot to feed the fam
While the voices impersonate the true who I am
Buzzin' in my ear, oh you one of those wannabes
Always buzzin' in my ear, you down with supa emcees
Steppin' to me with your pleas that you gots, butter rhymes
Man the only thing butter bout you is your spine
Mad yellow, you can't rock the Mardi Gras, my mellow
Cause my stealth show more than knowledge of self
I got knowledge of you, to know you a wack em-crew
(You mean "wack emcee"?) Nah, a wack em-crew, see you a crew of wack niggas
You should have never tried to test
These words that I Man, with the I to Fest
While you sayin' one thing really meaning the next
You're just a contra-dict, your mind's been tampered with
Like some holy books, but looks to the sky
'Cause Wonder Why's here to save the day
(Are you rockin' the spot?) Yes I be
(Showin' them others they do not?) Yes I be
(Havin' them towed from the lot?) Yes I be
Cause ultimately, I'm lettin' all MC's know that
What's the name of this crew? (De La, De La)
Well alright, and what be the dish we servin'?
(We're servin' pasta!) Posdnuos help the necks get loose

Like an alcohol scenario, rap be on the rocks
Authenticity's that missin' fee to pay to join the flock of MC
These niggas stand lower than knees
Dramatized in they eyes as the ones to please
When rap kids apply violent pressure to father, brother and son
For fun, they say they inflict pain
R&B niggas lie to mother, sister, and daughter
To have sex disguised as lovin' in the rain
Their words are more hollow than October 31st
But what's worse, is to see the females
Switch to sexual mentality, it doesn't match with they given anatomy
Man they rather be hoes like that male emcee
Who walk around like they got nuts
And use the tits and ass like a crutch
Man the underground's about not being exposed
So you better take your naked ass and put on some clothes
Man this be goin' out to the kids from East Mass (Long Island)
Amityville (Long Island)
To all my people out in Wyandanch, Bayshore (Long Island)
C.I.'s in the place (Long Island)
Brentwood, Hempstead, all my (Long Island)
Brothers out in Roosevelt, Freeport (Long Island)
Uniondale to Long Beach (Long Island)
To them girls out in Huntington (Long Island)
Long Island prevail (Long Island)Embed