139 ContributorsI Got A Story To Tell Lyrics
Who y'all talkin' to, man?
Ugh! Check it out, check it out
This here goes out to all the niggas that be fuckin' mad bitches
In other niggas' cribs
Thinkin' shit is sweet
Nigga creep up on yo' ass, hahaha!
Live niggas respect it
Check it

I kick flows for ya, kick down doors for ya
Even left all my motherfuckin' hoes for ya
Niggas think Frankie pussy-whipped
Nigga, picture that, with a Kodak, Insta-mat-tac
We don't get down like that, lay my game down quite flat
"Sweetness, where you parked at?"
Petiteness, but that ass fat
She got a body make a nigga wanna eat that — I'm fuckin' wit' you
The bitch official, though
Dick harder than a missile, yo
Try to hit it, if she trippin', disappearin' like Arsenio
Yo, the bitch push a double-O with the 5 in front
Probably a connivin' stunt
Y'all drive in front, I'ma peel with her, find a deal with her
She fuck around and steal, huh?!
Then we all get laced
Televisions, Versace heaven, when I'm up in 'em
The shit she kicked, all that shit's legit
She get dick from a player off the New York Knicks
Nigga trick ridiculous, the shit was plush
She's stressin' me to fuck, like she was in a rush
We fucked in his bed, quite dangerous
I'm in his ass while he playin' 'gainst the Utah Jazz
My 112 CD blast, I was past
She came twice, I came last, roll the grass
She giggle, sayin', "I'm smokin' on homegrown"
Then I heard a moan, "Honey, I'm home!"
Yup! Tote chrome for situations like this
I'm up in his broad, I know he won't like this
Now I'm like, "Bitch, you better talk to him
Before this fifth put a spark to him"
Fuck around, shit get dark to him, put a part through him
Lose a major part to him — arm, leg
She beggin' me to stop, but this cat gettin' closer
Gettin' hot like a toaster, I cock the toast, ugh!
Before my eyes could blink
She screams out, "Honey, bring me up somethin' to drink!"
He go back downstairs, more time to think
Her brain racin', she's tellin' me to stay patient
She don't know I'm cool as a fan
Gat in hand, I don't wanna blast her man
But I can and I will, though
I'm tryna chill, though
Even though situation lookin' kinda ill, yo
It came to me like a song I wrote
Told the bitch, "Gimme your scarf, pillowcase and rope"
Got dressed quick, tied the scarf around my face
Roped the bitch up, gagged her mouth with the pillowcase
Played the cut, nigga comin' off some Love Potion shit
Flash the heat on 'em, he stood emotionless
Dropped the glass, screamin', "Don't blast, here's the stash!
A hundred cash! Just don't shoot my ass, please!"
Nigga pullin' mad G's out the floor
Put stacks in a Prada knapsack, hit the door
Grab the keys to the 5, call my niggas on the cell
"Bring some weed, I got a story to tell"
Ugh, ugh!
You might also like
"Yo, man, y'all niggas ain't gon' believe what the fuck happened to me
'Member that bitch I left the club with, man?"
"Yeah"
"Yo, stinky, yo, I'm up in this bitch crib
This bitch fuck with one of them ol' Knick-ass niggas and shit
I'm up in the spot, so, you know..."
"Who, God?"
"I don't know, I don't know which one of them niggas
One of them six-five niggas, I don't know"
"Yeah"
"Anyway, I'm up in the motherfuckin' spot
So, boom, I'm up in the pussy, whatever-whatever
I sparks up some lah, Pa Duke creeps up in on some..."
"Get the fuck out!"
"Must have been rained out or somethin', because he's in the spot"
"Get the fuck out of here! Oh, shit!"
"Had me scared, had me scared to death! I was shook, Daddy
But I forget I had my Roscoe on me"
"Ah, yeah, I know you had the heat!"
"Always"
"Hahahaha"
"You know how we do
So anyway, the nigga comes up the stairs, he creepin' up the steps
The bitch all shook
She sends the nigga back downstairs to get some drinks and shit"
"Ooh, shit!"
"She gettin' mad nervous, but I said, 'Fuck that, man! I'm the nigga!'"
"I know you was finna clap 'em"
Yeah, nigga, you know how we do it, nigga — ransom note-style
Put the scarf around my motherfuckin' face
"Aight!"
"Gagged that bitch up, and played the cizzut"
"Ahahaha!"
"Soon as this nigga comes up in the spot, I flash the Desert in his face
He drops the glass
Looked like the nigga pissed on his damn self or somethin
Word to my mother! Word to my mother, yo"
"Ah, shit!"
"This nigga runs dead to the floor
Peels up the carpet, start givin' me mad papers, mad papers, son"
"Oh, shit, what? Yo, I told you that bitch was a scheisty bitch, cuz!
Word to mother, I used to fuck with her cousin, but you ain't know that!"
"Hahaha"
"You ain't even know that shit! Really, though."
"I put all that motherfuckin' money up in the Prada knapsack, and, ugh!
Two words: 'I'm gone!'"
"Hahahaha! No doubt, no doubt... No doubt!"
"Y'all niggas got some lah? Y'all got some lah?"
"No doubt!"
44Embed