11 ContributorsMy Writes Lyrics
Say what?
Say what?
Say what?
Yo, De La Soul
Likwit MCs
Shit is the Xzibit, right?
Yo, we ain't playing
New millennium

Yo, who hold guns and rock ice bigger than life, got bitches throwin' they drawers on stage? That ain't me
I raise kids, push whips, piss, and MC
Love money like I love my moms
Love my nigga Com Sense when he bang dents all up in they wallets
Wall to wall bullshit, I got hardwood floors
Set sail for tour ever since '89
So y'all are fuckin the same hoes who used to be mine

And I've been waitin' three summers to rhyme 'longside my people
Rico, De La, inject you with the lethal
Dose of hop-hippin', if you thought CaTash was slippin'
Then put that drink down, you drunk off what you sippin'
CaTash put the dip in dip, dive, socialize
Fuck around with me and next you'll find your crib burglarized
You might also like
Yo, you better recognize and try to analyze this
Hand over fist, how can a man act like a bitch?
Change and switch, snitch on his crew
Yo, get rid of them niggas before the same thing happen to you

And they'll leave your ass sticky like glue
Blood leakin' out, girls freakin' out, motherfuckin' cops tweakin' out
Got you on your knees like a freak, jugglin' these nuts
Smugglin' these cuts from SC
You best believe there's no web or weave a net
We done swallowed forty bottles of threat, yo

What you know about my writes? (My writes)
What you know about what's weak, what's tight?
And what you know about an off night? (Uh)
What you know about niggas frontin' for the light? (Yeah)
And what you know about them gun fights? (Gun fights)
Got a nigga duckin' while them girls show fright
And what you know about my writes? (My writes)
Uh, what you know about my writes? (My writes)

Yeah, yeah, look
I'm Samson without Delilah, the sole survivor
The drunk driver that rolls straight, take the whole cake
Chop it up with the family, wash it down with alcohol
My celly's a Desert Eagle for all the fuckin' shots I call
My niggas gotta ball, never settle for less
Heavy metal heavy on your chest like two breasts
Step into my office 'cause it's time for you to roll somethin'
One false move and we gon' beat you like you stole somethin'
Yo, these styles I kick should be called Bic raps
Drawin' the pussy out the nigga after my prize 'cause I won it
They stomach what I throw, they know I'm right for they diet
They librarian flow keeps the party real quiet (Shh)
The love I lost outweighs the rhymes I gain
But the fact that I spit 'em makes me cherish the name
So pass the mic so I can put in my share
I rip it from home to LA with connecting flights to rip it elsewhere

Drinkin' a black and tan in the back of a van
I learned as a young man, long trip, piss in a can
Getting a house for two grand, now you got your own land
Let your mind expand, every day have a plan
Ro-Gram is rare earth, swingin' Black Tarzan
You got to live with the cards dealt in your hand
Stay young like Peter Pan, like Sly, take a stand
And go Uptown Saturday Night like Geechie Dan

I keep it dirty like under the bed (Dirty)
Dirty like Uncle Red, ayo, well hella poo-poo
Dirty brown Likwit flow thicker than the Yoo-Hoo
Dirt you dishin' out, chef tellin it all
Face down in the dirt, doin' my dirty work
Expert, tryin' to regulate my network
Head jerk, spice it with rice, stiff with it
If they ask who cut the grits, I'ma say E-Swift did it
What you know about my writes? (My writes)
What you know about what's weak, what's tight?
And what you know about an off night? (What you know?)
What you know about niggas frontin' for the light?
And what you know about them gun fights? (I don't know)
Got a nigga duckin' while them girls show fright
And what you know about my writes? (My writes)
Uh, what you know about my writes? (My writes)

And I've been known to get it on, past the break of the dawn
Tash'll punch you in your grill and leave potholes in your lawn (Come on)
You makin' diss songs? Spit that rhyme my way
I can shut y'all niggas down like the Y2K
I did a tour in '94 with De La Soul and Tribe
We on the same vibe 'cause real niggas coincide (Right)
The situation is drastic
But see, songs like these is why this album goin' classic

This is for the DJ, bring it back one time
I drop bombs like when my moms told me to rhyme
I'm old school like my dad is
So add this to your collect', Plug Won, who the baddest?

Ayo, we theme park status, upstage these niggas like Gladys
Them little Pips, they done tripped the wire
Blamin' they legs while I'm claimin' these tunes
In this, we'll stay down like seats found in sorority bathrooms

Yeah, we flat out classic, separate the real from the plastic
And I ain't gotta say no names
Play no games, hit the switches, crack the frame
Show no shame or fuck it all up, take the blame
Brand name fresh out the box type hustle
Manpower success is mind over muscle
Grind 'til the wheels fall off, accept the loss
I never been soft, whatever the cost, addicted to floss
Nailed to the cross, it's time to return
My only concern is makin' sure that Hollywood burn
Hollywood burn, burn to the ground, trick-ass niggas
Is all up in the game and don't deserve to be down

Four bottle rap, twist the cap and kick back
De La, Xzibit and Tha Liks came to get that
And what you know about us droppin' you
And leavin' you with half a face like the Phantom of the Opera?

And what you know about my writes? (My writes)
What you know about what's weak, what's tight?
And what you know about an off night? (Uh)
What you know about niggas frontin' for the light?
And what you know about them gun fights? (Gun fights, baby)
Got a nigga duckin' while them girls show fright
And what you know about my writes? (My writes)
Uh, what you know about my writes? (My writes)
Uh, what you know about my writes? (My writes)
Uh, what you know about my writes? (My writes)

You got the right to shut the fuck upEmbed