3 ContributorsLatin Lingo (Prince Paul Mix) Lyrics
("Buongiorno")
("Prince Paul")
Bag, let's start the fuckin' show, ah?
("Yeah, here we go") ("Oh shit, fuck it")
("Yeah")
Latin lingo ("Drop the bass")

Freak to the funk that no one else is bringin' (Yeah)
Sen Dog with the funky biling'in
Yeah that's the nombre, heard that homey
Peace to Mellow and Frost en el deporte
Sen Dog is not a kid, a veterano
I'm down, another proud Hispano
One of the many of the Latin de éste año
And I got plenty for the Jennies tryna hound yo
But wait, they're clownin' on me 'cause of my language
I have to tell 'em straight up, its called Spanglish
Now who's on the pinga, the gringo
Tryin' to get paid, from the funky bilingual

Latin lingo, baby (Funky bilingual), funky bilingual
(Yeah, funky bilingual)
Latin lingo, baby (Funky bilingual), funky bilingual
(It's the Latin lingo)
You might also like
Cuando entro, (when I come in) suckers frontin'
Me mira another bilingual from villa
Vengo como un ejemplo, check the tempo
Ah... esta chingon el instrumento (Yeah)
Ya oiste, como somos
Yo no jodo, I gots the soul though
And you can hear it, en las congas
Tribal ceremony as the Hill gets stronger
Don't be such a leva, what you got for that cabeza?
Hey homes, pass the cerveza
Before I have to go and push up on your esa
Mmm, she's fine, son que fresca
Here homes have a hit of this yesca
Teach you enseño, el leño lo prendo
Now you know, that I am in the centro
Where you live, si tu puedes
Nowadays you ain't shit without your cuetes
Something like a gangbang, vatos quieren BANG BANG!
'Cause I hung out with them now you callin' me a insane
Salte de mi cara, sal de mi camino
Make way (Yeah) for the the funky bilingual

Latin lingo, baby (Funky bilingual), funky bilingual
(Funky bilinguals, homes)
Latin lingo, baby (The funky bilinguals), funky bilingual
(It's the Latin lingo, baby)
Latin lingo, baby (Funky bilinguals), funky bilingual
(Funky bilinguals) (Lemme—lemme, yeah, wee)
Some of that old Latin funk, ya know what I'm sayin'?
(What's up, homie? Don't you know me?) Simon?
(Ain't you the brother of the mas pingon?) Straight up
And I'm down with La Raza
Kid Frost got my back, BOO-YAA's en la casa
'Cause every day things get a little crazier
As I step to the microphone area
First I claim my city, puro Los Angeles
Yeah (You know homes) that's where the gangas at
Vatos waitin' on me, along with the heinas
Catchin' all the sweat for what I said to one-timer
So when you see me at the party or the baile
Before I got here I was gaffled in the calle
Who's that gabacho who said I was borracho
Had an attitude while you tried to play me macho
Just relax, calmado mijo
Sen Dog with the funky bilinguals

Latin lingo, baby, funky bilingual (Funky bilingual) (Funky!)
Latin lingo, baby, funky bilingual (Funky bilingual) (Funky!)
Latin lingo, baby, funky bilingual (Funky biling's, baby) (Funky, baby!)

Yeah, I'd like to send peace, to my homeboy, B-Real
Mellow Man Ace, Kid Frost, Ralph M the Mexican
And we're outEmbed