190 ContributorsBrooklyn’s Finest Lyrics

Okay, I'm reloaded
You motherfuckers think you big time?
Fuckin' with Jay-Z, you gon' die, big time
Here come ''The Pain''
Jigga (Jigga)
Bigga (Bigga)
Nigga, how you figure? (How you figure?)
Yeah, yeah, yeah

A-yo, peep the style and the way the cops sweat us (Uh-huh)
The number one question is can the Feds get us? (Uh-huh)
I got vendettas in dice games against ass bettors (Uh-huh)
And niggas who pump wheels and drive Jettas
Take that wit' ya!

Hit ya! Back-split ya! (Uh)
Fuck fist fights and lame scuffles (Uh!)
Pillow case to your face, make the shell muffle (Woo!)
Shoot your daughter in the calf muscle (Mmm-hmm)
Fuck a tussle, nickel-plated
Sprinkle coke on the floor, make it drug-related (Haha)
Most hated
You might also like
Can't fade it (Uh)
While y'all pump, willie (What?), I run up and stunt silly (Uh-huh)
Scared, so you sent your little mans to come kill me (Uh)
But on the con-trilli, I packs the MAC-milli
Squeezed off on him, left them paramedics breathin' soft on him
"What's ya name?"

Who shot ya? Mob ties like Sinatra (Uh)
Peruvians tried to do me in (Word), I ain't paid them yet
Tryna' push 700's, they ain't made them yet
Rolex and bracelets is frostbit (Frostbit), rings too
Niggas 'round the way call me Igloo, stick who!?
Motherfucker!

Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga, shit ya drawers!
(Where you from?) Brooklyn, goin' out for all!
(Marcy) That's right, you don't stop!
(Bed-Stuy) Uh-huh, you won't stop! (Nigga!)
What, what, what?

Jay-Z, Big Smalls, nigga, shit your drawers
Brooklyn represent y'all, hit, you fold
You crazy, think your little bit of rhymes can play me?
I'm from Marcy, I'm varsity, chump, you're JV
Jigga
Jay-Z
Biggie, baby (Uh)
My Bed-Stuy flow's malicious, delicious
Fuck three wishes, made my road to riches
From 62's, Gemstars, my mom's dishes (Uh)
Gram choppin', police van dockin'
D's at my doors knockin' (What?)
Keep rockin', yeah!
No more Mr. Nice Guy, I twist ya shit
The fuck back with the pistols.. blazin'!
Hot like Cajun (Uh)
Hotter than even holdin' work at the Days Inn
With New York plates outside
Get up out of there, fuck the ride!
Keep your hands high, shit gets steeper (Uh)
Here comes the Grim Reaper, Frank White
Need the keys to your InnKeeper (That's right)
Chill, homie, the bitch in the Shoney's told me
You're holdin' more drugs than a pharmacy
You ain't harmin' me, so pardon me
Pass the safe, before I blaze the place
And here's six shots just in case
(Brooklyn-lyn-lyn)
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga, shit ya drawers!
(Where you from?) Brooklyn goin' out to all!
(Crown Heights, uh) You don't stop!
(Brownsville) You won't stop! (Nigga!)
(Brooklyn, Brooklyn, Brooklyn, haha)
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga, shit ya drawers!
(Where we from?) Brooklyn goin' out to all
(Bushwick) You don't stop!
(Fort Greene) You won't stop! (Niggas)
Yeah, yeah, yeah

For '96, the only MC with a flu
Yeah, I rhyme sick, I be what you're tryin' to do
Made a fortune off Peru, extradite, China White, heroin
Nigga, please, like short sleeves, I bear arms (Umm)
Stay out my way from here on (Clear?) Gone! (Uh)
Me and Gutta had two spots
The two-for-five dollar hits, the blue tops (Uh-huh)
Gotta go, Coolio mean it's gettin' too hot
If Faith have twins, she'd probably have two Pacs (uh, uh)
Get it? (uh) 2 Pac's?
Time to separate the pros from the cons
(And the..) The platinum from the bronze
That butter-soft shit from that leather on the Fonz (Uh)
A S1 diamond from a I class don
A Chandon sipper from a Rosé nigga, Huh?
Brook-Nam, sippin' on
Cristal forever, play the crib when it's mink weather (Uh)
The M.A.F.I.A. keep cannons in they Marc Buchanan's (Uh)
Usually cuatro cinco, the shell sink slow
Tossin' ya, mad slugs through your Nautica
I'm warnin' ya! (Ha, what the fuck?)

Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga, shit ya drawers!
(Where you from?) Brooklyn goin' out to all!
(Flatbush) You don't stop!
(Red Hook) That's right, you won't stop! (Nigga!) Hahaha!
(Brooklyn, Brooklyn, Brooklyn)
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit your drawers!
(Where you from?) Brooklyn goin' out to all!
(East New York) You don't stop!
(Clinton Hill, uh-huh) You won't stop! (Nigga!)
(Brooklyn, Brooklyn, Brooklyn, Brooklyn)
Is Brooklyn in the house?

Uh, Roc-A-Fella, y'all
Junior M.A.F.I.A
Supermen clique
Brooklyn's Finest, you rewind this
Representin' BK to the fullest29Embed