6 ContributorsNext Out the Kennel Lyrics
Aiyo, this is DJ Kay Slay from around the way, and my dog DMX is putting it down with the Bloodline family and the Bloodline kennels! The Great Depression! Fourth time! X keeps it gutta and his dogs are no different! You gotta respect the line... First out the kennel, Jynx repping straight from Y.O. kennel, holding it down...

Let it be known:
Bring it to me, break the fingers that you write with
Mouth that you recite with
Real life shit!
Niggas call me God on beats, cuz I light shit
Quicker than hoes
Shootin big holes, rippin your clothes
Play games and have a thug nigga sittin at your home
See you go walkin with that bitch when he spit at yo dome
Damn, ya brains all over the place!
Bitch cryin and screamin, cuz ya brain's all over her face!
I got love for street thugs and killers, with deep mugs
Who bust they guns first then they start to cuss
Shook niggas hold they guns till they start to rust
Bitch niggas don't want no parts of us: we dangerous!
Tripped a few times off of angel dust
One shot turn yo brains to slush!
Yeah, niggas don't learn shit till the lights is off...
It's too late! Now your life is lost, motherfucker!

You might also like
DAMN! See what I'm saying?! This shit is real! Next out the kennel, barkin from Dirty Jerz is that nigga Loose!

Let me Loose, nigga! Get the fuck off me!
I can't believe my ears! Huh? These niggas is barely on!
In fact, they wack; they just got a hot song!
Fuckin up the game is cats like you
That make wack niggas think they can rap too!
But Loose at the door now, so come with me
I'mma make sure no more rappers like you get in!
You want it? We can go hard with the beats
Or hard to the body or hard to the teeth
Yeah, I was on Universal, they couldn't have it:
They kept me on the hush, like Whitney drug habit!
Got drafted, then made it to the front line
A year later, got traded to Bloodline
Now it's hard for cats to keep they spot
He rock too much ice, he can't keep it hot!
And when all the ice melt, they all watered down
Loose, fuck that, the streets is mines now!


FIRE! Only stray kills, yaknowhatimsayin? Next out the kennel, my nigga Big Stan from Harlem! Get at 'em, dog...
Uh-oh, who's next? That would be me, BS, ya know?
Uh, y'all niggas ain't ready, uh
I'm like a thief in the night:
I creep in your life one day when you nice
High off the Henny, catch you while you partying, right?
With the semi, put your body on ice
For a price, I'll make a bastard of your son as well as a widow of your wife!
My struggle was tight, love inside my heart has limits
Like anything outside of Bloodline, bound to get it
We bound to win it
What niggas want, we bound to give it
And anything you cowards start, you know we bound to finish
Can you see the cage is open, the muzzle is off?
The nine is sick, the silencer will muffle the cough
The Line is thick, Stan stay solo on cost
My shoulder will frost on any nigga other than dog
I'm the one ya moms would hate you to cross
Of course, if you the only child, who'll be left replacing the lost?
Please think before you go against the B.S
And no it's not a game, I'm one of Bloodline's best, nigga!


Whoa, whoa, whoa, they just keep biting! The last to bite, that bitch, the bitch of the litter: Crazy Kash, Kashmir, get at em girl...
What the fuck y'all niggas know about grease?!
I got enough to put in ya piece
Plus bust ten in ya fleece
Make ya back bend in a crease
That's what you get offend a beast
You hating me like you a friend of Kelis
Load, cock back and release
Bad bitch cracking ya piece
Bullet holes in the back of your peeps
Always catch niggas coming from the back with the heat
Love to watch they knees buckle when they smack the concrete
You ain't gotta love me, just respect the bitch!
Scared to fight me, get your girls, so I can wet the bitch!
Who gives a fuck who ya old lady be?
I put holes in ya old lady tee if she fucking with me!
You know my niggas Stan, Jynx, Loose, Berg and X
Ya niggas switching occupations, 'cause they heard we next
No niggas above mine, 'cause no niggas above mine
And that shit's in my heart, 'cause it's in my fucking Bloodline...18Embed