7 ContributorsWe Go Hard Lyrics
Didn't I fool ya baby? Aww, didn't I fool ya?
Uhh, what's really good? X I'm in the buildin man, yea!
Didn't I fool ya baby? Aww, didn't I fool ya?
It's all, good, my, nigga
That's right, you know how we do dawg, "Pull It"
Y.O., Harlem, we back part two man, Dark Man where you at?
Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, UHH, UHHHH!!!

Let's set this shit off, start this shit RIGHT
It's goin down to-night!
Dawg off the leash, dawg walks with heat
Dawg stalks the streets, in New York to eat
How many times do I gotta come through (YEA!)
Layin that thing down, puttin' holes in you
You cats get it on the double, so stay the fuck
Out of my WAYYYY, you don't want no trouble (C'mon!)
We travel double far, to bring you trouble God
We rollin' double hard, yea nigga Double R!
I don't know what you thought it was, but it's NOT
But I know that you caught the SLUGS, they was hot
Get the fuck off the block! (WHAT?) There's no more room
For bitch niggas (Uhh) dawg I'm comin' to get niggas (YEA!)
Lift niggas, out they boots, dust it
Cause I don't just walk around with them things to bust it
You might also like
Uhh, we go hard!
Never mind what a nigga say - we go hard!
We gon' play how we wanna play - we go hard!
Man we do this shit all day - we go hard!
Motherfucker! Uhh, we go hard!
Never mind what a nigga say - we go hard!
We gon' play how we wanna play - we go hard!
Bitch, we do this shit all day - we go hard!
Motherfucker!

Yo, I leave jail smoothly, jump in the pale hooptie
Fuck the dick-suckin-ass-lickin' male groupies
Diplomats, you look at alliance, you shook in defiance
I'm cookin' up coke, lookin for clients
I got the AK, SK, 40 cal
Scope red on your head still 40 thou' (40 thousand)
Worse than foul Nerf turf burstin blaow
Give the church my child, ask to nurture thou
Cause I've seen the hearses now
But if this was Gilligan's Island, Thurston Howell, wow
Look at his kicks, they worth a thou'
Isn't it sad, do what I say or wish that you had
Your Mrs get grabbed, stabbed up, you piss in a bag
Or worse than that, zipped in a bag
Broke to fractions, a division of math
From, Hollywood, shittin' on Shaft, we go hard
Killa Killa Killa, Killa uh uhh
KILLA!
X and Killer Cam, Dark Man X, once again - PULL IT!
Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, UHHHHHHH!

I just love how it's goin, Cam, X flowin'
GET AT 'EM DAWG I'm already knowin'
Step lightly around dawg (YEA!) I might be hittin' town dawg (YEA)
You really tryin' to get down dawg?
Only thing I can do with pussy is fuck it
And I would tell you to suck my dick but you might suck it
See y'all niggas the cat type (WHAT?)
You still a baby get your ass wiped (WHAT?)
Must I take a nigga's last stripe? (c'mon!)
Youse a bitch, now more bitch than a bitch
Still a bitch fuckin' bitch, you been a bitch
Know how we do, run up, in a bitch
Peep the crib, run up, in it quick (yea!)
Everything breathin' stops; only thing my niggas is leavin'
Is shots, you done got a nigga hot
Let me catch you on the block, bitch-ass niggas is cowards
Done fucked around and dropped the soap in the shower (C'MON!)

Uhh, we go hard!
Never mind what a nigga say - we go hard!
We gon' play how we wanna play - we go hard!
Man we do this shit all day - we go hard!
Motherfucker! Uhh, we go hard!
Never mind what a nigga say - we go hard!
We gon' play how we wanna play - we go hard!
Bitch, we do this shit all day - we go hard!
Motherfucker!29Embed