10 ContributorsWhen I’m Nothing Lyrics
Uhh, uhh, uhh, c'mon!
Woo!  Uh-huh
Yeah, more real life (Grrrrrrrrrr)
That's how it is baby, you know it's real
More real life, you know it's real (Grrrrrrrrrr)
From the dog, y'know?
You know it's real, uh-huh
You know it's real (Grrrrrrrrrr)
Shit is always real baby, forever

My peoples say they got love for the dog, right?
They holla like "Whattup dog?" Alright
'Cause no matter what streets in a dog's life
And I'm the type of dog gon' go all night
Some cats think that it's a game that we're playin' here
You keep thinkin' it's a joke, I ain't playin' here
Fuck around if you want, I leave you laying there
Do what, go where?  Shit I'm stayin' here
This whole motherfuckin' rap shit is all mine (What?!)
Just thought I'd let you know one mo' time (Uhh)
Shit, I ain't said nuttin' when it was yo' time
Now, niggas is mad, 'cause Ain't No Sunshine
And you cats won't like it when the rain hits (Uhh!)
That's the nigga X on the same shit (Uh!)
And if you wanna see how fucked up the game gets?
Watch what they do when you ain't shit
You might also like
What you gonna do when I'm nothing?
You're crazy about my styyyyyyyyyle
What you gonna do when I'm nothing?
Tell me nowwwwwwwwwww.. ohhhhh-ohhhhhh

Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh
Every cat I meet like, "Show me love!"
Every girl I meet like, "I want a hug!"
Shit I might be just tryin' to pick somethin' up
Can I get an autograph -- man, what the fuck?!
Is the love gon' be the same when
We start to realize that the game ends (Uh-huh)
Even me, will I have the same friends? (Uhh)
Even when I ain't got the same Benz (Uhh)
What about when the dough get low (Woo!)
Shoulda peeped money from the get-go
Disappeared, ain't that a bitch yo?
Now you know, that's that bullshit yo
Can't forget all them fake "love you" bitches (Uh-HUH!)
Take 'em to the room, wanna fuck you bitches (Uh-HUH!)
Walk through the mall wanna touch you bitches (Uh-HUH!)
Listen!  I got a wife, I don't trust you bitches (C'mon!)

What you gonna do when I'm nothing?
You're crazy about my styyyyyyyyyle
What you gonna do when I'm nothing?
Please don't have me acting wild
What you gonna do when I'm nothing?
Tell me nowwwwwwwwwwwwwwww
Tell me now, tell me now (WHAT?!)
Tell me (WHAT?!) what you gonna tell me? (WHAT?!)
Tell me (Uh) tell me (Uh)
What you gonna tell me?
Holla at the boy if you know the truth
See what I'm doin', I'm tryin' to show the youth
Trust me I been through it so I got the proof
Give 'em somethin' to eat that ain't gon' break a tooth
And everybody knows how I get down (C'mon)
Show the dog love when he hit town (C'mon)
They don't give a fuck who I'm with now (C'mon)
V.I.P. don't give a fuck where I sit now (Aight?!)
All this shit changed but it's still the same
But you gotta do it in order to play the game
Keep shit brief when you say my name (F'real)
Give me the love, nigga fuck the fame (F'real)
When the shit is gone, where you gon' be? (Hmmmmm)
When I look no more, what you gon' see? (Hmmmmm)
Shit, a muh'fucker lookin' hungry (Aight?!)
And even then, is you gon' love me?

What you gonna do when I'm nothing?
You're crazy about my styyyyyyyyyle
What you gonna do when I'm nothing?
Tell me nowwwwwwwwwww.. ohhhhh-ohhhh
What you gonna do when I'm nothing?
You're crazy about my styyyyyyyyyle
What you gonna do when I'm nothing?
Tell me nowwwwwwwwwww.. ohhhhh-ohhhh
39Embed