85 ContributorsAmethyst Rockstar Lyrics
(Fuck You!)
I stand on the corner of the block slinging amethyst rocks
Drinking 40s of mother earth’s private nectar stock
Dodging cops, cuz’ 50 be the 666 and I need a fix of that purple rain:
The type of shit that drives membranes insane
Oh yeah, I’m in the fast lane snorting candy yams
That free my body and soul and send me like Shazaam
Never question who I am, God knows, and I know God personally
In fact he lets me call him “me”
And it's just like, 3:47 in the afternoon
And it just hit me like an epiphany
All these niggas is fucking wack
Yo

Yo, when did rap turn into a fashion show?
Too many makeup artists won't let their passion show
The anti-social mogul, havin' 20/20 visions
In needa bifocals, for your eyes dilated ojos
Open wide, never did I owe hoes
Suck a dick dilated, tell my old hoes
Hit my main bitch in the Poconos
I'm not Pinocchio, I never lied, I poke her nose
With the dopest dope, brand new Pablo, brand new God flow
It feel like, Escobar and Apollo
Swank apparel, I put a pic on the site ‘ya megabytes
Y'all niggas ticking me off like headlights
Get your head right, it all falls down
I bread right on the house
Eye was on 106 & Park and still on the couch like "bitch fuck Jacob"
I went to meet my maker, with 25 sacred stones
Told him save me a few acres
You might also like
Yeah, cause' we just some Amethyst Rockstars
Amethyst Rockstar
Amethyst Rockstar
Amethyst Rockstar
Amethyst Rockstar
Try aim at this Rock Star!
Time just keeps on falling, falling, falling

How is Hip-Hop dead? I'm still makin' a killin'
Banana clip peelin' and ho's I'm still stealin'
This is not for the soda pop niggas
Take me to the leader of the new school or the block dealas
Cause all these fakes mcs take from those figures
Is what get fake MC's infront of loose triggers
Can't knock the hustle though, I may just bust a jigga
And lookin' through my eyes, you can kinda get the picture
Mo money mo problems as you get notorious, inglorious, until you're a big Victorious, no show
Only way you get to see the kid is through a photo
Or  branded up logos, and the females come out at night
And when they find the pot a gold they strike, seducing me?
Wait y-y-yeah, you nice on the mic, yeah yeah, you lookin' right
Yeah, you just my type, yo
(Bitch, don't get me tight!)
Her friend split and dipped, damn I should've seen this
I'm in a boobie trap and thats some clever ass cleavage
Well, I think with my dick, I know you want to blow my mind for that reason
She said "You got clever speaking"
And after I'm done, I still got it leaking
I dipped off ‘cause knowledge a nigga is still seekin'
What you lookin' at son? I might rob you blind
Defined by every line, niggas tryin' to outshine
We’re both number one enemies, yo it’s sad though
One on one, and it takes two niggas to tango
Two niggas to tango
Watch me go Rambo
"Don’t Front on a nigga like me
Time just keeps on falling, falling, falling in and out"

Yeah, cause' we just some Amethyst Rockstars
Amethyst Rockstar
Amethyst Rockstar
Amethyst Rockstar
Amethyst Rockstar
Try aim at this Rock Star!
YO! YO! YO! YO!
YO! YO! YO! YO!
YO! YO! YO! YO!
YO! YO! YO! YO!
YO! YO! YO! YO!
YO! YO! YO! YO!
YO! YO! YO! YO!
YO! YO! YO! YO!25Embed