29 ContributorsFame Lyrics
Uh-huh (Y'KNOW?)
..
ARF!
Uhh..

Take it for what it's worth, my birth was a blessing
Sent to live and die, on earth as a lesson
We each have a star, all we have to do is find it
Once you do, everyone who sees it will be blinded (WHAT?)
They'll tell you that you're bright, and say you have a future
When you turn your back, same cats'll try to shoot ya
Niggas ain't shit, I can live on both sides of the fence
Forget what you do, when you talk, see what you really meant (aight?)
That's what I thought, them niggas was bluffin (uh)
They talk all day but say, nothin (uh)
It gets so dark (what?) the pain's so intense
Since this first rained it's like it's reigned ever since (WHAT?)
Never got paid for a rhyme but I flow (whoo)
Never got a plate on time but I grow (whoo)
Nigga life STAY on the line but I go (UHH)
Went from doin crime to bein kind cause I know

I'm gon' live forever, I'm never gon' die
Only thing I fear is that I'm never gon' fly
Carry my weight but I'm never gon' cry
Shit I tell y'all niggas straight cause I'm never gon' lie
You might also like
What is about who I am that makes me unforgettable (HMM)
What it is about what I've done that makes it so incredible (uhh)
"More money, more problems" -- well the fame was worse (uh-huh)
I reached out for love and what came back was thirst (WHAT?)
Blessed with the curse (uh) niggas don't hear me
Niggas don't hear me, Y'ALL NIGGAZ, don't hear me (uh)
What'd I just say? "Niggas don't hear you!" See that?
You gots to FEEL ME to catch what I'm sayin, BELIEVE THAT (UHH!)
But leave that, alone (WHAT?)
We gon' make a nigga wanna be at, your home (WHAT?)
Oh you kinda quiet with the heat at, your dome (UHH!)
If the dog got it he's gonna bring back a bone
Cause we got the chrome (C'MON!)
This is what I live for, or die for
I'm the nigga with the high score, you try for
What you niggas wanna lie for? It changes nothin
I'm the truth for cats, it's some strangers bluffin

I'm gon' live forever, I'm never gon' die
Only thing I fear is that I'm never gon' fly
Carry my weight but I'm never gon' cry
Shit I tell y'all niggas straight cause I'm never gon' lie

Now if I take what he gave me and I, use it right (uh-huh)
In other words if I listen and, use the light (uh-huh)
Then what I say will remain here, after I'm gone
Still here, on the strength of a song, I live on (HMM)
No second-guessin on what I stood for, I was good for
Stoppin niggas from killin each other in the hood war (UHH)
Comin through showin love, throwin up (UHH)
Them cats not throwin love, you know whassup (WHAT?)
Dark Man baby, that's my name
And I gots to be the realest nigga (UHH) up in this game
Cause ain't no shame, they don't make em like, this no more
Real to the core, big heart but built for war
I stand for what I believe in
Even if what I believe in stops me from breathin
Relatives grievin, but I ain't went nowhere
Listen to the song (C'MON) I'm right there
I'm gon' live forever, I'm never gon' die
Only thing I fear is that I'm never gon' fly
Carry my weight but I'm never gon' cry
Shit I tell y'all niggas straight cause I'm never gon' lie39Embed