15 ContributorsMore 2 a Song LyricsUhh.. c'mon!

(Dog) It's more to a song than, jewelry and clothes
More to a nigga's life than, money and hoes
The game is a lot bigger than you, think you know
And if you think you know, then I don't think you know

Niggas - walk around frontin (frontin) talkin bout jewels (jewels)
How much you bust tools, y'all niggas sounds like fools (woo)
Who you really think give a fuck how much your watch cost? (mm-hmm)
How much your watch cost? You bout to get your watch lost (aight)
If you flashin' it, you must not want it
See I fuck with real niggas that done it
You know what time it is, run it!
Niggas got more important shit to deal with
Talkin' about some 4 wheel shit
But my man here is about to kill shit (UH!)
Keep playin' niggas pussy, and you will get fucked
Why don't you cop some more ice dog;
Then you will get stuck and fucked
Bitch ass nigga, hit my street
And see what happens to that iceberg when it's hit by heat (woo)
It won't be a pretty sight, you and your pretty wife
Oh you must have forgot dog, this is the city life (aight?)
Ain't a fuckin thing sweet, and ain't nothing fair
Just another nigga dead, don't a motherfucker care
You might also like
(Dog) It's more to a song than, jewelry and clothes
More to a niggas life than, money and hoes
The game is a lot bigger than you, think you know
And if you think you know, then I don't think you know

Born and raised in the projects and can't forget it
And all that grimy shit niggas do, I done did it (uhh)
And I'm still with it, nigga I stay in the hood
But when the cats is out, bet the dog, play in the hood
You keep bringin' them fake bitches through
You gon' fuck around and make bitches do (WHAT?), we take bitches too (aight?)
And if you comin through my block, it's gon' be the last stop
We blast tops, faggot couldn't make it to the stash box (c'mon!)
Big ass rocks, I want that! Fuck the blood
All that shit washes off, the next day I'm like, "What?"
Flossin' yo' shit, what I want for yo' shit? (uhh, uhh)
Give a nigga like three bricks to feed the dogs with
Cause I ain't really gots to shine (Why?) When they do, I do
For me, them niggas'll hide you, where nobody'll find you
If you eatin' motherfucker, then your dogs should be eatin too
Not just four or five niggas, 'cause you know what the streets'll do

(Dog) It's more to a song than, jewelry and clothes
More to a niggas life than, money and hoes
The game is a lot bigger than you, think you know
And if you think you know, then I don't think you know
I will be the voice of the street till I die (die)
Cause I know if I keep my heart real, I'm gon' fly (fly)
Either let me fly or give me death; if you didn't catch it then
Get it now, cause it's all that's left
And this will be the last breath (uh) provokin' my niggas (uh)
To start choking y'all niggas (WHAT?) and smokin' y'all niggas
A nigga would never have to say, "X feed me!"
You'll never hear a nigga say, "X is greedy!"
Only, "X believe me! I didn't know it was a setup!"
Get up, cocksuckin' motherfucker, shut up
Shut up {​​​​​​​​​*"pop pop"*}​​​​​​​​​ Fuck you nigga
From the hood to the wood, fuck you nigga
This for my dogs, til death do us part
I'm still here, cause I been here from the start (aight?)
If I'm ever anywhere, anytime it gets ugly (WHAT?)
The dog is aight, cause I know the streets love me (grrrrrrrrr)

(Dog) It's more to a song than jewelry and clothes
More to a niggas life than money and hoes
The game is a lot bigger than you think you know
And if you think you know, then I don't think you know
*speaking softly*
Dog..
Jewelry and clothes..
Money and hoes..
Think you know?
I don't think you know..38Embed