18 ContributorsTrina Moe Lyrics
Ayo! Bounce to that Trina Moe
Niggas about to blow
Bouncin' straight out the door
Here we go, here we go

Bloodline, scratch all day, match all weight
Only dogs eating is us, we snatch all plates
Err, ERR! ERR! Get him, boy!
Click, click, pop the leash, hit him, boy!
Niggas brag about waggin', we stop the tails
X drop an album, niggas droppin' sales
Niggas can't fuck with the dog, forget about it
Money went up against the dog, read about it
Man, listen, you cats better walk easy
I'm on some positive shit, but I still walk greasy
Ain't nothing changed, still ain't sweet
Stand on one block, but I own the whole street
And on the whole street is dirty niggas with funny moves
Leaving your house with bloody boots, we cruddy dudes
Rest of them ass kissers is sensitive ass niggas
Fourth album, and I still get in that ass, nigga

Ayo! Bounce to that Trina Moe
Niggas about to blow
Bouncin' straight out the door
Here we go, here we go
You might also like
It's Dark and Hell is Hot
Flesh of my Flesh, Blood of my Blood; And Then There Was X
Got niggas like, "What's next and then?"
Hit 'em again, you cats ain't never gon' win
I was here before most of y'all careers were born
I'll be here when y'all careers are gone, still strong
Difference between right and wrong is me
Niggas talk shit, but you can't MC
We already know how much your watch is worth
Talk about helping the hurt, saving the Church
Why don't you brag about helping out where you come from?
And give brothers a job that really want one?
Gotta think about that shit you said, you don't mean it
I done listened to that shit you said, but I done seen it
Most of you cats is type funny
But when it comes time to feed the hungry, gon' get type ugly

Ayo! Bounce to that Trina Moe
Niggas about to blow
Bouncin' straight out the door
Here we go, here we go

Man, I'm already knowin', like y'all niggas is knowin'
You can't fuck with dog, bust a cap, scrap or flowin'
Seeing is believing, and well, let's just see
I ain't even gon' speak, one million the first week
Aight, let's ask the streets: How many sold?
What? Three niggas, three months to go gold?
C'mon, ese, keep it real, homes
You fuckin' with the dog, you already know
This ain't nothing new, fuck is you mad at?
15 million! Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah
Rest assured, I'm best abroad
You can test Billboard because the rest are frauds
I got 18 years under my belt, rappin'
Let me see, you was three, I was making it happen
Next time we bump heads, don't be hard headed
Show some motherfuckin' respect, bitch, or you'll all get it
Ayo! Bounce to that Trina Moe
Niggas about to blow
Bouncin' straight out the door
Here we go, here we go34Embed