3 ContributorsHenny Lyrics
(Willllld Thinnnnngs!!!!)
Hennessy (Hennessy) Hennessy (Hennessy)

Weed, Hennessy, a lil' sour (HAAAAAAAAA!!!!!)
Baby let's ride (HAAAAAAAAA!!!!!) HAAAAAAAAA!!!!!
Hey!

She feelin' me, cup full of Hennessy
Baby show me love but, fuck me like the enemy (HAAAAAAAAA!!!!!)
Ha! By far baby less clothes
Yachts! Nah we don't do the fishin' boats
Steak and lobster, I'm tryin' to serve 'em
Turks and Caicos on the first, missed the flight
24 karats neck fully golden
Great ass black shades rollin'
Speedin in the European car like it's stolen
Coke Boyz made it to the top like we totin'
My nigga Chinx Drugz told me (HA!) Motherfuck they feelings
Let's get these motherfuckin' millions
 (Mack Wilds)
(Hennessy) Double shots of the Hennessy, we 'gon kill this whole body
After this you 'gon remember me, it's not a case not too big
I will have your bitch callin' over and over time a lineup
You soft wit' it she just want it wild rough
Boss wit' it took nothin' got her riled up
And it's on and on everything around us
You might also like (Mack Wilds)
Oooh baby, you sexy fuck you that bitch!
(Hennessy) Bottles and shots and we twist
I'm that thug you wanna be with
And live a infamous life po' up and get lit
Stay away from that basic zone that's not us
We came here to party they came to watch us
And damn, I feel no remorse for your ex
Better take it easy, 'fore I crack him in the head with the (Hennessy)

How the hell did you get here? Was you sent from me?
Manhattan fly, Brooklyn bad, maybe Stapleton
I wish I had some more treats girl, just to trick on ya
But this money ain't impressive huh? Well
I'm a fly mu'fucker from around the way
S.I. 'til I die and I say it brave
Make money for my fam, fans out of enemies
And I'm smoother than a shot of

And I'm smoother than a shot of Hennessy (Hennessy) Hennessy (Hennessy) Hennessy (Hennessy)
If I hit it then you 'gon remember me (Remember me) remember me (Remember me) remember me (Remember me)
And you ain't too cool to, pass by, what you sayin baby let's ride
You fuckin' with the right guy, and I know your feelin' me (Feelin' me)
Yes, you're feelin' me, Hey! {The Conglomerate}
Yo, live thorough niggas (UHH!), five borough niggas (UHH!!!)
Hat low, whippin' 'cross the Tri-Boro niggas (UHH!!)
Your team look soft, you look like five solo niggas (HA!)
Respect my city 'fore I get my BIPOLAR NIGGAZ!! (EEEEH!!)
See how that nigga sound?? (YES!!) The ONLY thing they understand
Is beatin' niggas to death, don't put your hand on me!
(UH!) You see we back to the strip, we drop a bundle, nigga!
Now get the black and we back inside the TUNNEL, NIGGA!!
(HEH-HEH!) See we run it like we was joggin' on 'em
Come get your shit like you really just caught a BARGAIN ON 'EM!
Hey-hey! See the melee we be causin', nigga
(MORE HOOD) than the club security robbin' niggas
Provide the fire and smoke, call me the arson nigga
Like we in jail sellin' cigarettes, bring a carton, nigga! (HA!)
We cause 'em really to ack' a way when I'm clobbin' niggas
And I advise you to back away when I'm talkin', niggas!
Hot shit, sizzle the street, see what we cookin', nigga
UH! -- Pardon me, UH UHH!! We got 'em PUSHIN', NIGGAAA! (Hahaha!)
You ain't with it, then you can leave
Now that I'm back up in this bitch, sorry niggas, you can't breathe
(YAAH!!) Leave me alone and I'm beggin' a nigga please (YAAH!)
Doin that shit that make niggas crash into trees (YAAAAAAHHHH~!!!!)
Mack Wildz, Montana, Mobb Deep
You see them chicks, just let 'em know that our city don't never sleep
We got that..
Hennessy (Hennessy) Hennessy (Hennessy) Hennessy (Hennessy)
If I hit it then you 'gon remember me (Remember me) remember me (Remember me) remember me (Remember me)
And you ain't too cool to, pass by, what you sayin' baby let's ride
You fuckin' with the right guy, and I know your feelin' me (Feelin' me)
Yes, you're feelin' me, Hey!Embed