3 ContributorsDead Man’s Gun Lyrics

"Am I a good maaaaaaan?
Am I good maaaaaaaan?
Am I a foooool?
Am I fooooooool? "

It was a cold dark night in December
Running from the po-po's the alleyway I enter
Trying to hideaway - when I stumbled on a gun
And nobody's knows nothing about - where it came from!
And nothing hotter then the summers in June
Who knows how many souls - they put in the tomb
When I picked it up man, I felt alot of pain
Like a shot  thru the brain - for reasons I can't explain!
After it went away - I felt a sudden change
Like - I can do anything. - And don't get in my way!
I'm scared for my family! - They couldn't understand
With gun in my hand - I became - another man
No more running and hiding away from the cops
No more getting robbed from the dudes on the block
You're looking at a new man in the light of the sun
You're staring down the barrel of a dead man's gun! (dead man's gun...)
You might also like
Cause you never know what's around them corners
Enemies try to run up on us!
So I keep that gun right by my siide
If you want it you gotta take my liiiife
And if you got problems, I got answers!
"One shot from the Revolver  - can solve it! "
Anyway you want it, it don't mat-ter!
"If you got hard. - I'm a go harder! " - You gotta take my liiiife!

You walk into a dream and shit feels like a game
Everyone is different - but they all end up the same
Even the places - and the faces all change
At the end of the dream - I could see - the bullets rain!
I thought it was me who brought these people to the death
'Til I noticed a funny thing, I was standing on the left!
Looking at other people with their hands on the gun
And pulling the trigger - until their enemies were done!
And with each hand that held the gun it got deeper
They ended a question against the shoulder of the Reaper! (yeeeahhh!)
They all look invincible with the weapon that was cursed
Until it was their turn - to ride in the hearse!
Seems like the history - is passing down to me (GO!)
Cause my finger was itching (GO!) to go after my enemies. (GO!)
I welcome them all (GO!) with the best on my chest (GO!)
Because I put 'em (GO!) to the test and laid those bodies to rest. (bodies the rest...)

Spring for more pimpin' - it's time passes by
And people are telling me about the look in my eye
Sayin' it seems there's a chip on my shoulder
And for some reason my attitude has gotten bolder!
I knew it was true - cause I felt myself changin'
But I don't care what they think cause I'm still the same man
I don't show weakness - anymore without a question
Don't wanna be stressin' and have to teach them rappers a lesson!
Never a time - I felt so alive (GO!)
An' situations (GO!) I thrive - like bees to a hive. (GO!)
I murder these (GO!) new kids - who got something against me. (GO!)
The thought of you (GO!) talkin' shit - really fuckin' offends me! (GO!)
In no time at all we come back to each other
Seems like I've seen it before. - I swear it on my mother!
A shot  rang out - and then my hands went numb
Seen my body on the floor - with the dead man's gun! (dead man's gun...)

You gotta take my liiiife... (liiiife...)
You gotta take my liiiife... (liiiife...)
You gotta take my liiiife... (liiiife...)
You gotta take my liiiife... (liiiife...)  Embed