18 ContributorsYa’ll Don’t Really Know Lyrics
Ya'll don't really know, they don't really know (Yeah!)
Ya'll don't really know, they don't really know (Yeah!)
Ya'll don't really know, they don't really know (Yeah!)
Ya'll don't really know, they don't really know (Check it)

Sky's the limit so I'm reaching for the stars
I'm tired of being the nigga that they keep behind bars
What's good? You got it, I'mma take yours
I'm hood; fuck a gun, I break jaws!
Understood disturbing the bang for the cause
And I should cause you frontin' bang with the fours
Rats playing in the walls, cats playing in the halls
But niggas know after certain hours stay in doors
Cause I'm not responsible for what I might do
Or what might happen if dog come through
It's gonna be a problem
'Cause man if I catch em, I'ma rob em
"Please, somebody stop him!"
Well for that, it's too late
I got to eat, you ate
You straight and I ain't gonna take it all today
You can say what you want but Ya'll know the truth
X is a beast in the streets and the booth (Nigga!)
You might also like
Ya'll don't really know, they don't really know (Yeah!)
Ya'll don't really know, they don't really know (Yeah!)
Ya'll don't really know, they don't really know (Yeah!)
Ya'll don't really know, they don't really know

See, know-it-all rinky-dink Mr. Softy Rapper, I'm here to kill it!
I reinstate the boom POW! I make you niggas feel IT!
And most these niggas fear it and pop it off and blam it
And how we smash it out like you watching Animal
Planet (What?!)
Now let us unload the bricks off, niggas is pissed off
The stage too crowded to throw the bitch off
I'm about to turn the switch off
To the goons at hand, pick em
And then (Brrrrt Ohh) stick em (Hahaha!), stick 'em! (Woah)
You better chuck in your shine and prime grime
And niggas is back, we kill em in black, now feel us one time
See how we got 'em following suit, forming one line
Until we force these niggas to scatter soon as I bust mine
Bust Rhymes, constantly fulfilling em with heat
Like an oil spill in the street
See how we killing em
Peep at how we drill em in the head with a caseload
And bang em (They don't really know)
Hang 'em!
Ya'll don't really know, they don't really know (Yeah!)
Ya'll don't really know, they don't really know (Yeah!)
Ya'll don't really know, they don't really know (Yeah!)
Ya'll don't really know, they don't really know

Beasts on the track like Wolverine
I'm a pit bull but get wolves on them Team
It ain't what it seems, don't get it twisted
Ima let you know just in case ya'll missed it
Got me fucked up, if you thought that I fell off
Now niggas want to ride dick get the hell off
Come on Chulo, we both know you culo
I know, you know that your the one who knows
Beef it for real, nigga, I sleep with the steal
I keep my shit real, I keep shit still
Ain't nothing change but the date and the year
Niggas make threats yet they wait for a year (Come on!)

Ya'll don't really know, they don't really know (Yeah!)
Ya'll don't really know, they don't really know (Yeah!)
Ya'll don't really know, they don't really know (Yeah!)
Ya'll don't really know, they don't really know6Embed