107 ContributorsLift Me Up Lyrics
Right now
Hey!

I'm just a nigga, until I fill my pockets
And then, I'm Mr Nigga, they follow me while shopping (Uh-huh)
I feel like Mick and Richards, they feel like Muddy Waters (Uh-huh)
So tell me, what's the difference? So tell me, what's the difference? (Hey)
My momma was a Christian, Crip-walking on blue waters
Was fading up to Davis, then walking back to Palmer
A fro like Huey partner, Auntie Angie had them choppers (Uh-huh)
So tell me, what's the difference? So tell me, what's the difference? (All right!)
I feel like "Fuck Versace", they raping niggas' pockets
And we don't get acknowledged, just thank me for the profit
A prophet just like Moses, and Moses looked like Shaka
Zulu, my .44 loaded, I'm aiming at Nirvana (Nirvana)
My bitch look like Madonna ('Donna), they staring at Katana
Waiter still ain't brought the chopsticks, should've brought the chopper (Whoo)
Uber driver in the cockpit look like Jeffrey Dahmer
But he looking at me crazy when we pull up to the projects

See, this weight is on my shoulders, pray, Jehovah, lift me up
And my pain is never over, pills and potions, fix me up
I just want to live it up, can a motherfucker breathe?
Life ain't always what it seems, so, please (Hey)
Just lift me up, lift me up, lift me up, lift me up
Lift me up, lift me up, lift me up, lift me up
Lift me up, lift me up, lift me up, lift me up
Lift me up, lift me up, lift me up, lift me up (Say, man)
You might also like
We love our neighborhood, so all my brothers bang the hood
I never vote for presidents, the presidents that change the hood
Is dead and green, was standing on this mezzanine in Paris, France
Finna spaz 'cause most my homies never finna get this chance
All these white folks chanting when I asked 'em, "Where my niggas at?" (Uh-huh)
Going crazy, got me going crazy, I can't get with that
Wonder if they know I know they won't go where we kick it at
Ho, this shit ain't Gryffindor, we really killing, kicking doors (Hey)
Fight between my conscience and the skin that's on my body
Man, I need to fight the power, but I need that new Ferrari
Man, I breathe and bleed this Poppy Street
I shot them guns 'cause talk is cheap
Bow your head and pray, okay, now, walk with me (You know it)

See, this weight is on my shoulders, pray, Jehovah, lift me up
And my pain is never over, pills and potions, fix me up
I just want to live it up, can a motherfucker breathe?
(Can a motherfucker breathe?)
Life ain't always what it seems, so please (Hey)
Just lift me up, lift me up, lift me up, lift me up
Lift me up, lift me up, lift me up, lift me up
Lift me up, lift me up, lift me up, lift me up
Lift me up, lift me up, lift me up, lift me up
Lift me up, lift me, lift me up
Lift me, lift me up, lift me, lift me up
Lift me, lift me, lift me, lift me, lift me, lift me up
Lift me, lift me up, lift me, lift me up35Embed