51 ContributorsBoomerang Lyrics
Niggas is flossing a lot, time to start extorting the block
Just a portion of the prod' off the top for my Porsche and my yacht
Something for the cops to keep 'em blind
So we can grind with peace of mind
Turn the key and shine without being dimed
Time to expand — New York to Chicago, Colorado
You know my motto: Clock G's and rock keys like Drago
Pablo Escobar and Dom Pérignon
We're buying out the bar and Don Juan
And every woman's Chandonin'
Long donging 'em down like Sean Michaels does 'em
I'm like a psycho fucking, sucking the butt like liposuction
Up and down with the tongue twister
C'mon on, sister, Big Pun's Mr. "Cock and Squeeze" like a gun tester
Crushing sisters' backs with the demon snap
Hit you from the back, close your eyes, relax, let me feed the cat
Living phat, true mack, niggas was catching feelings
Dealing with a smaller deck, it just wasn't as mass appealing
I started feeling funny, niggas coming short with money
I called my son, he told me "Chill!", he'd be over in twenty
"Punny, what's the deal? Niggas wanna kill me"
He said, "It's real, they jealous and tired of seeing me Willie silly"
Had more to claim, niggas throwing shit in the game
Gave my wife some pictures with me and bitches running the train
It's like a dream, I called my team and started flipping
Locked the clip in, started lifting niggas off the ground like a magician
I skipped town, be back around when things quiet down
I lost it all for now, but it'll take more to hold me down
You might also like("Top of the world, ma! Haha! Top of the world!")

Yo, this is the bad time
Boomerang! Bring it all back
Flashback, live and prosper, eat well and get fat
I was Pop Dula, pop-ular to the masses
I miss the E-Classes, rocking Game Of Death glasses
Rock bottom struck and threw my world off its axis
Boomerang! Plan to come back like Bronx rap
Storm like the Redcoats through anything in my path
First, you shining like sterling, then you broke like brick in Berlin

Now, should I slit my wrists? Go for it all or call it quits?
Picture me taking my life, leaving my wife and my daughter shit
Wish I could slip back and switch the memories
Lift the felonies from my record, and respected my enemies
Live like the Kennedy's — above the law, fuck 'em all!
I'm coming for the rich, thieving 'em even if I wasn't poor
I seen it all like I said before
The streets are for men at war, and the beasts are the predators
I shed it all first and be the primary source
Of course, I bury any adversaries trying to floss
Just because, the reason I leave 'em lost in the sauce
Teeing off like we up North just for being soft
A beaten horse like a slave, getting minimum wage
Filling the gauge, front page, these are the last days!
Cash pays and rules — the root of all evil
Shooting amigos for loot and perico polluting our people
Moving kilos like it's all good through every ghetto
I ain't judging, but bugging, how we fall so many levels?
The devil's got us by the balls
That's why the law allows the drugs to overflood
Knowing we gonna buy it all
It's time to call a world order where every girl's your daughter
And priceless as ice is, and pearls fresh out the water
I'm gonna get mine, either from crime or through the Bible
Whichever way, it better pay, I'm feeling suicidal
This is the bad time
Boomerang! Bring it all back
Flashback, live and prosper, eat well and get fat
I was Pop Dula, pop-ular to the masses
I miss the E-Classes, rocking Game Of Death glasses
Rock bottom struck and threw my world off its axis
Boomerang! Plan to come back like Bronx rap
Storm like the Redcoats through anything in my path
First, you shining like sterling, then you broke like brick in Berlin19Embed