157 ContributorsEncore / Curtains Down Lyrics
Sh-Sh-Sh, Shady! Aftermath! Haha!
G-G-G-G, G-Unit! Haha!
'Cause we came here to set this party off right
Let’s bounce tonight
And if they don’t let us in through the front
We’ll come through the side
'Cause I don’t ever wanna leave the game
Without at least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Scream one last time

Get your ass up for the doctor, one more time
Get your ass up for the doctor, come on now
Here we go, cliff hanger, it's another club banger
Got you hangin' on the edge of your seat, get on down

Time's up, game's over, you lose, I win
’Bout to show these knuckleheads how to do this here
Oh yeah, new year, next phase, begin
Look who's got you goin' crazy again
I'm a trend, I set one every time I'm in
I go out, and just come back full circle again
You a fad, that means you something that we already had
But once you're gone, you don't come back (Oh!)
Too bad you're off the map now, radar can't even find you
We stay on the grind, you slip, we out-grind you
You walk around mad, you let your anger blind you
We walk around, just playin' the violin behind you
Enough with all the pissin' and moanin', whining and bitchin'
Sit and observe, listen, you'll learn if you pay attention
Why ten multi-platinum albums later, three diamond
Worldwide, we're on the charts with a bullet, and still climbin'
You might also like
'Cause we came here to set this party off right
Let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us in through the front
We'll come through the side
'Cause I don't ever wanna leave the game
Without at least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Scream one last time

When Dr. Dre says crunk, you will get it crunk
Get it crunk! Crunk! Crunk! Crunk!
And when 50 Cent says jump, you get on one foot and
Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump! Jump!

The buzz is tremendous, we drop you all to sense it
I don't gotta' promote it for you to know that Doc is off the benches
We keep the party rockin' off the hinges
We ain't showin' off, we just going off popular consensus
But critics say that Doc is soft, Doc is talk
Doc is all washed up, knock it off, who the fuck is Doc impressin'?
Doc is this, Doc is that, you got the wrong impression
You must be on the cock of Doc 'cause Doc left you all guessin'
So DJ take the needle and just drop it on the record (What?)
We gon' have this motherfucker hoppin' in a second (Bump, bump)
That's why we always save the best cut last
To make you scratch and itch for it like fresh cut grass
'Cause we done swam with the sharks, wrestled with alligators
Spoke to a generation of angry teenagers
Whom, if it wasn't for rap to bridge the gap, may be raised to be racist
Who may have never got to see our faces
Graced the cover of Rolling Stone pages
Broke down barriers of language and races
Just call on the caped crusaders and leave it to me and Dre to
Pass the mic and we can play the
Back and forth all day like the hot potato game
That's why we came to
'Cause we came here to set this party off right
Let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us in through the front
We'll come through the side
'Cause I don't ever wanna leave the game
Without at least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Scream one last time

50 Cent, come on!

Bounce now, hands up, you know how we do
We make the club jump everywhere we go
It's no secret, everybody know
When Dre's involved, there's plenty of money involved
And plenty honey's involved and sunny Sundays and palm trees
Cali, everyday is just another party
From the valleys all the way to them 8 Mile alleys
Let's rally, hands up for the grand finale
Now raise up out your seat, Dre's about to speak
Blaze a pound of weed six days up out the week
You can catch me in the studio, bangin' out the beats to
Provide you with the heat that keep blazin' out your speakers
So never say never 'cause Shady, Aftermath together
Along with G-Unit Records, presents the return of the
The Doc and Shady, no one can do it better
We tear the club up and leave without a shred of evidence that, uh
We came here to set this party off right
Let's bounce tonight
And if they don't let us in through the front
We'll come through the side
'Cause I don't ever wanna leave the game
Without at least saying goodbye
So all my people on the left, all my people on the right
Scream one last time

Yeah, haha! Still Aftermath, 2006!
And don't worry about that Detox album, it's coming
We gon' make Dre do it (Haha!)
50 Cent, G-Unit, Obie Trice, D-Twizzy, Stat Quo, Dr. Dre, we ain't leaving, let's go
Haha! Ladies and gentlemen, thank you all for coming out! Peace!
Oh shit! I almost forgot
You're coming with me!
Hahaha! Bye, bye!
See you in hell, fuckers!31Embed