257 ContributorsBitch Please II Lyrics
Yeah, what up, Detroit?
Nu-uh, nu-uh nuh, no, he didn't (Ah)
They didn't do it again (What-what, you what?)
You shitted on these niggas two times, Dr. Dre?
Oh, fo' sho'
Uh-uh, naw, you smell that?
This is special right here (What-what, what-what-what?)
Yeah, it's a toast to the boogie, baby, uh
To the boogie-oogie-oogie (Aw, yeah)
Ya know, what's crackin', Dre?

Just let me lay back and kick some old simplistic pimp shit on Slim's shit
And start riots like Limp Bizkit (Limp Bizkit!)
Throw on "Guilty Conscience" at concerts
And watch mosh pits 'til motherfuckers knock each other unconscious (Watch out, nigga!)
Some of these crowds that Slim draws
Is rowdy as Crenshaw Boulevard when it's packed and full of cars
Some of these crowds me and Snoop draw IS niggas from Crenshaw
From Long Beach to South Central
Whoa! Not these niggas again
These grown-ass ignorant men with hair-triggers again (Shit!)
You and what army could harm me?
D.R.E. and Shady with Doggy from Long Beach (Westside)
Came a long way to makin' these songs play
It'll be a wrong move to stare at me the wrong way
I got a long Uz' and I carry it all day
Sometimes it's like a nightmare just bein' Andre
But I…
You might also like
Somehow, some way
Hello, nigga! You know about Dogg-ay (Snoop Dogg)
And let me cut these niggas up and show 'em where the fuck I'm comin' from
I get the party crackin' from the shit that I be spittin', son (Yeah)
Hit-and-run, get it done, get the funds, split and run (Watch out)
Got about fifty guns and I love
All of 'em the same, bang-bang (Word up)
Damn, baby girl, what's your name? (What's your name?)
I forgot, what'd you say it was? Damn, a nigga buzzed (Fucked up)
Hangin' in the club with my nephew Eminem (What's up, Slim?) What up, Cuz? (What up, Snoop?)
The Great White American Hope (Uh-huh)
Done hooked up with the king of the motherfuckin' West Coast, baby

And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance

I'm the Head Nigga In Charge, I'm watchin' you move
You're found dead in your garage with ten o'clock news coverage
Gotta love it 'cause I expose the façade
Your little lungs is too small to hotbox with God
All jokes aside, come bounce with us
Standin' over you with a 12 gauge about to bust
It's like ashes to ashes and dust to dust
I might leave in a bodybag, but never in cuffs
So who do you trust? They just not rugged enough
When things get rough, I'm in the club shootin' with Puff
Bitch, please! You must have a mental disease
Assume the position and get back down on your knees
Come on
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance

Aw, naw! Big Slim Dogg
Eighty pound balls (What?), dick six-inch long (Mm)
Back up in the heezy, baby!
He's Shady! (He's so crazy!) (Ha-ha-ha)
Give me the mic, let me recite 'til Timothy White
Pickets outside the Interscope offices every night
What if he's right? I'm just a criminal makin' a livin' off of the world's misery
What in the world gives me the right to say what I like
And walk around flippin' the bird?
Livin' the urban life like a white kid from the burbs
Dreamin' at night of screamin' at Mom, schemin' to leave
Run away from home and grow to be as evil as me
I just want you all to notice me, and people to see
That somewhere deep down, there's a decent human being in me
It just can't be found, so the reason you've been seeing this me
Is 'cause this is me now, the recent dude who's being this mean
So when you see me dressin' up like a nerd on TV
Or heard the CD usin' the fag word so freely
It's just me bein' me; here, want me to tone it down?
Suck my fuckin' dick, you faggot! You happy now?
Look here:
I start some trouble everywhere that I go (That I go)
Ask the bouncers in the club 'cause they know ('Cause they know)
I start some shit, they throw me out the back door (The back door)
Come back and shoot the club up with a .44 (A .44)
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance
And you don't really wanna fuck with me
Only nigga that I trust is me
Fuck around and make me bust this heat
That's the devil, they always wanna dance

2001 and forever
Slim Shady, Dr. Dre
Snoop Dogg, X to the Z
Nate Dogg, come on, yeah87Embed