74 ContributorsIll Mind 6: Old Friend Lyrics
I remember the first time you overdosed
A fuckin' overload on meth
Paramedics saved your ass, you was close to ghost
You never did know which road to go
It’s like you rode the boat
And sailed away and hoped to hit the golden coast
But you sank like the Titanic
The incident, it left your life damaged
And that’s when I panicked
You thought you had it locked
Well, you ain’t on the right planet
If you're tryin' to live your life right, plan it
It’s like your mind vanished, you don’t even know that
I wish that we could go back
'Cause it’s so sad when I tell jokes and you don’t laugh
Like you used to, I really hate to stress it
But you strange to mess with, so I keep my distance
'Cause you always got this blank expression
Like you’re confused and unaware of yo' surroundings
Emotions have gone and no one’s found it
It’s overwhelmin', your momma told you that drugs are bad
But you ain't listen 'til the fire burned your ass
Now you understand

Now you always look like you don’t know me
And I’m mad at the world
'Cause the meth took away my homie
(Give me back my homie, please come home!)
I just wanna chill on the neighborhood block
Like we used to (Where’d you go?)
I never woulda thought my best friend be gone in the future
But I was wrong
You might also like
I should've stopped you when I had the chance to do so
But back then I had felt like that was too bold
You started hangin' with new folks
And made the drug environment yo' new home
This world is too cold
Could I have prevented this? Who knows?
They convinced you that this shit was cool and hip to do
Sayin' it would lift your mood and make you feel invincible
So you started skippin' school
Hangin' with these wicked dudes
Unaware that when you got older you played a bigger fool
And it’s pitiful, where the fuck they at now?
In they mid-20s passed out inside of a crack house
Back when you met 'em I had doubts
They put you on the bad route, and when you needed they help to pick you up, they fuckin' backed out
They fuckin' got you, I can’t lie, but now your brain's fried
You don’t even act like you’re the same guy
Your momma told you that drugs are bad
But you ain’t listen 'til the fire burned your ass
Now you understand

Now you always look like you don’t know me
And I’m mad at the world
'Cause the meth took away my homie
(Give me back my homie, please come home!)
I just wanna chill on the neighborhood block
Like we used to (Where’d you go?)
I never woulda thought my best friend be gone in the future
But I was wrong
I ain’t never felt this shit before, it gets me sore
I reminisce on us playin' Nintendo 64
And that Christmas in '97 we got new crispy boards
And we was doin' ollies in my kitchen on the slippery floor
Shit changed and it happened quick, but I can’t forget
That you was the first homie I started rappin' with
You could’ve had half of this back when I had established it
But now I have to sit and feel bad
Look at what your actions did!
Man, you were so outgoin' and so hysterical
Seein' you now is just unbearable, it’s terrible
You should've made your choices wisely
Fuckin' with poison ivy; without your brain, please tell me, what would your point in life be?
It’s a struggle to get your ass to listen
Really hurt me and the rest of your family
With all your bad decisions
We always told you that drugs are bad
But you ain't listen 'til the fire burned your ass
Now you understand
Now you always look like you don’t know me
And I’m mad at the world
'Cause the meth took away my homie
(Give me back my homie, please come home!)
I just wanna chill on the neighborhood block
Like we used to (Where’d you go?)
I never woulda thought my best friend be gone in the future
But I was wrong
Excuse me, do you need a ride?
Looks like you’re goin' downtown
Yes, hop in my ride!
Well, hi, I’m Chris Dolmeth
I’m your best friend (Chris Dolmeth)
I’m all you need (Chris Dolmeth)
If you wanna succeed, hop in my ride
Well, hi, I’m Chris Dolmeth30Embed