56 ContributorsLight Speed Lyrics
Hey... hey, whassup?
My name is Dre
Can I blaze some chronic witchu?
(Nigga, what? Fo' sho'!
Roll that shit up!)
Hell yeah

Still always into something, heart still in Compton
The comp can't oppose, dope Cali platinum classicals
Introduced you to my Doggs, that don't love hoes
And Firm Fiascoes—assholes
Fucked you up with my last video, tuxed up
Doing a tango
And cash, always in my grasp
Came up in the game wearin' khakis not kangols, stranglin' hoes
When asked about it in most interviews I just laugh
Now I vacate with hoes with a gang of ass
One feedin' me mangoes, the other lightin' my hash
Rap tabloids write Dre's light in the ass (What?)
Came home uptight, ready to mash
Like a gas pedal, get on that '64 Chevy level
AK-47 heavy metal
Who say Dre ain't ghetto? Just whistle like a tea kettle
I throw three at you, tell me if you see devils
'Cause we rebels over here, I smell chronic in the air
That means we takin' over this year
You hear?
You might also like
Chronic, 2000
"One!"
That means we takin' over this year, ya hear?

Light Speed, blazin' Chronic through the galaxy
Hydro, doja, chocolate Thai weed
Or we might be sippin' on gin or Hennessey
Fuck that, where that new shit, The Chronic Iced Teas?

I hang among hustlers, that slang and Hoo-bang Bronson
When bustaz roll through, can't fuck with my bold crew
We will hold you captive and bust
'Cause gangbangin' is the active, activity
Where I be livin', B, there ain't no Liberty Statue
Hope you got your gat, don't let them catch you
Slippin', without yours, it's warfare outdoors
Ambulance, violent uproars
Trash niggas taken out like chores
I meet whores on tours
Jeanie`s hot as pepper so I sip, champagne on stormy shores
B on some hardcore, pornographic
Toting Austrian firearms that's made out of plastic
In these drastic surroundings, it be sounding like Lebanon
Makin' fools "Retreat!" like Megatron and Starscream
Oh yeah I scream on stars
That get loot then crossover like Kareem Abdul-Jabbar
Get out your car son, that's how I came to bougie niggas
At Bar One, it's either that or make front page stardom
I'm the Golden Child, chased by Sardo Numpsay
But God's my bulletproof, it's hard to shoot me, you hear?
By the time you see him *Two gun shots*
That means it's real fuckin' hard to shoot me, you hear?
Light Speed, blazin' Chronic through the galaxy
Hydro, doja, chocolate Thai weed
Or we might be sippin' on gin or Hennessey
Fuck that, where that new shit, The Chronic Iced Teas?8Embed