3 ContributorsIcebreaker Lyrics
Give me your tired and your poor
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free
Icebreaker!

I know a silent nation in dislocation
Frustration from legislation
Led to demographic in isolation
Another participation in decapitation
Ten-four die, river deep, mountain high
Is a wall stuck between dyin' and doing time
Can't ignore it, smack dab border war
As the beat goes on, words flowed on, I caught the law
Pyramids, Machu Picchu, things they don't teach you
Don't apologize, you were here first on this earth
Before these millennial cowboys claimed their turf
Now who's a thousand miles and ran deserted in the desert?
Wild, wild west hurt to the dirt
Anti-immigration against brown skin sounds like Brownshirts
Silenced by so called legal violence
Somebody had permission to put humans in this condition
"This land is whose land?" They must've forgot
Kickin' the black in the ass while keeping the brown out
This one sided law makes me scream and shout
I-C-E is what I'm talkin' about
You might also like
I-C-E

Sgt Hawkes, and I'm found where the cops be
I get on illegals like I'm a paparazzi
I bring flash, but it ain't a camera
Gunfire shells hot enough to damage ya
No traffickin', no drug smugglin'
I-C-E, we came in thuggin'
Straight off the wire like Snoop and Chris
You can Rush like Limbaugh we get at you quick

What will they do when they find out about this
Come for me, for what I represent
This is my accent and I'm proud of it
We're bunches and cannot be stopped
Absurd laws with racist intentions
Benefit only to these classifiers
They insist, I insist - so here we go
Broken chains, jumping borders
Thrive or die, we're no longer satisfied
Its time for power to change hands
More righteous humans, is more human rights
They say, they owners, but we were here first
The world is free and without fear we broadcast
Multi-color race, is how we're painted
I have a dream and that dream has become my desire
Power to my peoples, not power to the governments
My, my, my, ooh wee
You should know how the story go
They was here first, you put it in reverse
You didn’t even call for a hearse when you
Left them dying in your country

Car radios, highway hoes, motorbike types
Skateboarder whores, watch them close them doors
Clap them hands, stomp them feet
Yeah, the more government wars
Good man, bad government, great driver, wack car
I seen it before
Marxism, dual citizens, China support
Meaning y’all go get a passport
Slavery is America's past sport
Homeland Security against my homeboys securin' me
Chained brains diaspora coming after
The same idea of the United States of Africa
Bering Strait before Palin and paleface
Waitin' for the ice to break, seventy percent of Americans ain't been no place
So the human race gets displaced
While the greedy man sees the land
His plan, seize the land to feed his face
A child lost in the wild picked your food
Built your house while still on exile
Barbed wire cactus, the new middle passage
To a person, the new whirl odors just rehearsing
I’ma put the line in the sand... huh! Cross that line
I’ma put the line in the sand... huh! Cross that line
Cause I’ma put the man in the sand... huh! Cross that man
Cause I’ma put the man in the sand... huh! Cross that man
Cause I’ma put the gun in his hand... huh! Cross that man
Cause I’ma put the gun in his hand... huh! Cross that man
I’ma put the fence in the sand... huh! Climb that fence
I’ma put the fence in the sand... huh! Climb that fence

Damn

By the time I get to the end of my verse
Calisthenics of the tongue exercising the first
That's freedom of speech so I speak my right
Seems to me there’ll always be powers to fight
So Chuck, let them know that the Bulls break ice
With the power of these words that we put within a mic
Like those in the past put power to pen
It was number thirteen, made us all equal men
Now Arizona back to legislate the hate
Guess freedom ain't free on this side of the gate
But everything changes if I look a certain way
Securing the homeland from how it was made
Now the ice that we skate upon is definitely thin
We got to break bad to let the good begin
A cold flag pole grabbed a hold of my tongue
Five-I froze and we all got dumb

I’m gonna be keep on doing the thing that’s supposed to be done
Put it on the poor thing doing the one
Get back, yeah, baby, yeah-ah
Icebreaker, icebreaker

(Ow!)

One man's terrorist, another's freedom fighter
Future tech, Molotov cocktails with a lighter
Legalized gang shit, Federal BI
You wanna buy a weapon, they won't hesitate a second
Whether African, Mexican, Middle East, or Haitian
Slaughter indigenous, plunder the nation
Petition the UN to gain legal traction
Then call you the enemy to justify the action
The brown in this world will only draw ire
Of the secret society soul sucking vampires
Either I come from a long line of liars
Or a degenerate senator's pants are on fire
Surround you with the walls to protect your freedom
Overlappin' laws to ensure confusion
Protect your neck in the 2012 season
Then bounce a check in the bank of illusion

Home grown terrorist, for the benefit
Can't find a title or the name, yeah, that really fits
These land jackers, paleface land grabbers
Caught in a border war, stench of the border whores
Real demons, fiendin' for a real reason
You can't truss 'em cause they always fuckin' schemin'
Broke treaties with the red man, damn!
Klan disguised as a fam? Fuck Uncle Sam!
Pause for the cause and open mental doors
These foreign invaders and human traffic traders
Undocumented worker, yeah, they want it back
Panic when the brown man link with the pro-Black
Now who's the real citizen? You never been
You raped and robbed every people, yeah, that let you in
The legalized theft of the native land
You speak with the forked tongue, with the rum and the gun in hand

The I-C-E (I-C-E!)
Who gets deported and who goes free?
Who gets detained and who remains?
Who gets the card and who gets the plane?
The I-C-E (I-C-E!)
Who gets deported and who goes free?
Who gets detained and who remains?
Who gets the card and who gets the plane?
The I-C-E

At least fifty-five million immigrants, one-fifty of the population
Are either immigrants or children of immigrants
(Icebreaker!)
(The I-C-E)
We found that missing changes in the immigration laws
And regional enforcement by the federal government
Are maybe unfairly targeting thousands
Families are being broken up
"I believe that the congressman or the senator, somebody out there is going to step up and say, 'Yeah, this is wrong'"1Embed