79 ContributorsHell Breaks Loose Lyrics
I want you to understand something
That when I come up in this bitch, I want the fans jumping
I want the fists pumping in the air, I don't look like a millionaire
But I feel like a million bucks, ladies won't ya fill your cups?
Shady's come to feel ya up, are you a D or a C cup?
You could even be a B, it's just me and D.R.E
You'll be in the ER, we are strapped with so much TNT
We may blow, no, not even CPR from the EMTs
Could help you to resuscitate, you, busters, must be flustered, wait
You can't cut the mustard
What's your problem, can't you bust a grape?
(Chkk-chk-chk) What's my name?
Shady came and just crushed the game
It's really not even fair to them
'Cause they pale in comparison
So much they might as well wear his skin
Don't you wish you could just share his pen?
'Cause this shit's getting embarrassin'
The fog is thick and the air is thin
'Cause he won't even let them try to breathe
La-dididi-dadada-didi
He makes it look so easy, girl, you just hit the lottery

Now this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on
And hell breaks loose (Hoo!)
Try to restrain us, you can't contain us
We're still gonna make a statement no matter what we do (Yeah!)
Everywhere we go it seems, we're looking for any excuse
To just cut loose (Come on!)
So this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on
And hell breaks loose (Hoo!)
You might also like
This is when shit hits the fan like it just splattered on Stan
This is the only moment that matters, your homie rolled in with Mathers
Now chaos erupts, Em's in back, Dre's in the front
So do what we say at once, this song’s like a seance, it haunts
It makes them stay in a trance, no choice, they have to dance
It's like the playoffs, just making sure that we stay in the hunt
Take a day off of what? Man, you better lay off the blunts
You must be smoking something, you think I ain't smoking nothing, stay off my nuts
Now hit the floor, baby, time to wipe away all the rust
Shake all them cobwebs loose
Loosen up with a little bit of Grey Goose
Yeah, girl, shake that caboose
I don't wanna see you try to make no excuse
D.R.E is on the loose
A mongoose when it comes to the chronic use
You know, I can't stand to lose
Me and my goons are like animals
We come through like a pack of wolves
And we came here to retract the roof
Yeah, man, ain't that the truth?
Girl, your man's back in the booth
Definitely back up in this bitch
And this is when all hell breaks loose

Now this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on
And hell breaks loose (Yeah!)
Try to restrain us, you can't contain us
We're still gonna make a statement no matter what we do (Oh!)
Everywhere we go it seems, we're looking for any excuse
To just cut loose (Come on!)
So this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on
And hell breaks loose (Hoo!)
Now, I know you're feeling discouraged, but, homie, just mark my words
I'm murderin' the flow, liquid courage, I'm finna blow
As soon as we hit the door, power surges head to toe
I'm sure to push it as far as words are meant to go
We're in the indigo Winnebago with tinted windows
Ferocious as we proceed to beat up the block wit' your ho
With speakers knocking, it's three-o'clock, me and Doc then proceed to drop
E and hop out the vehicle and knock on your door

Yeah, so let us in 'fore we huff and puff and we blow
We ain't bluffing for nothing, we'll knock the stuffing out you
Revenge is so sweet, move 'til you injure your feet
Yeah, move it or lose it, freak, move to the beat
Lose yourself indubitably
Pass up on that little cute chick right there?
That'd be pretty damn stupid to me
Born and raised in the C-P-T, yeah, Los Angeles, rules of the streets
Them haters hatin' on me, but I refuse to lose any sleep
Keep that deuce-deuce in the seat
Dre fall off? That's news to me

Now this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on
And hell breaks loose (Hoo!)
Try to restrain us, you can't contain us
We're still gonna make a statement no matter what we do (Yeah!)
Everywhere we go it seems, we're looking for any excuse
To just cut loose (Come on!)
So this'll be the part of the song that they drop the needle on
And hell breaks loose (Hoo!)24Embed