5 ContributorsReintroduction Lyrics
Ha Ha!
Ay nigga, so motherfuckin' comfortable right now, nigga
I ain't even at the top of my game yet
DRAM!
Man these 6-figure checks ain't enough for me
I still feel like a intern
HA HA HA!
Fuck wrong with these niggas man?
Like I say, you tough ass niggas out there talking reckless, man
It's not a problem, we solve those
But I'ma tell you this nigga
You can only play one role in this movie, nigga
You got to play the star
Cuz the bully get wrote out the script, HA HA!
Niggas financially embarrassed, nigga
Told you Trap or Die, you didn't trap?
Kill yaself, HA HA!

Allow me to reintroduce myself, my name is Young
J-double-E-Z-Y
Smoke a ounce a day, nigga, I stay high
I guess even back then you can call me, CEO of that CTE OH!
Fresh out them glass pots into them Chevy's
I be the trap stars number one supplier
Nightmares of indictment papers reading my name
A hunned thou cash, dropped it all on my chain
That's right, Snow
And that's in May and
The game's been over, you niggas still playin'
Fuck rap niggas, we run laps around 'em
Motherfuck a precinct, we build traps around 'em
Niggas tryna kill me, boy, I'm ready to die
Life After Death, who needs the stress?
Just mad cuz I got rich and kept it so hood
You niggas ain't my friends, you just pretend real good
You might also like
As far back as I can remember, I always wanted to be a gangster
(Gangsta Grillz you bastards!)
You see being a ganster was better than being president of the United States, It meant being somebody in a neighborhood that was full of nobodies, They weren't like anybody else, I mean, they did whatever they wanted, they double-parked in front of a hydrant and nobody ever gave 'em a ticket

Coach K ain't lie
I done came through the trap in everything this fly (Ha HA!)
You see my swag, yeah, I walk like a trap star
Real street nigga, not at all a rap star
They can lock me up, but I'm still the same crook
You can change the page, but it's still the same book (AY!)
I'm good with the words
But I'm better with the birds
I'm nice with the Glock
But I'm great with the K (YEEEEEAH!)
Four and a half, nigga, two and a quarter (AY!)
We got 'em right here, nigga, place ya order
White girl, yeah, I kept that bitch
Straight drop, nigga, yeah, I kept that shit (Let's get it!)
They just mad cuz they got to respect us
These niggas ain't gangstas, they more like detectives (Daaaaamn)
I keep one in the chamber till it's on (Ay!)
Either love me, or leave me aloneEmbed