4 ContributorsPop’s Rap Lyrics

I just dropped by the studio, see what my son does
My main man, my son, Common Sense
They used to call me No Sense
Now they say I got plenty sense—about 6,000 years of it
You know, I’m just checking him out
See what’s going on, cause I’m always sitting around telling him about
What we used to do back in our hood, you know
We used to be down and run this town
And it was all at PC Pub
You know, and I’m shaking
And they working on it, and they bringing it back
I see harmony, understanding
And they working on that love thing too
Cause they be down with it, you know?
Now I hear them saying things like, whoa whoa, I get a good feeling
I be saying “keep it up
Keep on moving with your groove, you’re going the right way"
Cause it’s got to be in your heart
And I can tell by your beat, you got it
See there, I can do a little piece, put them together there
Yeah, we used to be running this whole town, here
We used to be basketball playing brothers, you know
Now everybody’s playing basketball
I wonder where they come from? What they claiming?
Gonna make an old man get his shoes out
And throw one down to slam dunk on them
Every time the leaves start turning brown getting through the fall of the year
I can say yea it’s time to play some
What these youngsters talking about, they running out of breath?
What you say?
Well I tell what, we’re gonna try something brand new here
Cause everybody like new things
We’re gonna work on something new, and I’m gonna call it ‘peace’
We’re gonna pretend like its 6 years old
And we gonna build it and mould it
And nurture it and culture it
And grow right into our society for all of us to have
Do you believe in the peace?
Not that piece, but do you believe in the peace?
Alright, I see you raising your hand - you believe in the peace
OK, bring it
See if I can’t talk common sense into them
Let’s cruise on down to 47 St. where dad used to hang out at, you know?
Eh remember in a few years when we moved from 47 to 87
47 was my hood, 87 was his
Touchdown
What’s the name of the bangers in this town now?
Has everybody calmed down?
Back in my day, they was showing up, now they finally woke up
I hear they leaving it alone
Using words like 'truce', I love to hear thatYou might also likeEmbed