14 ContributorsSave Me Dear Lyrics* rapping over Freddie Scott's "(You) Got What I Need"
Uh... you got it (baby...)
Uh... you got it (uh-huh)

Her name was Kim, this light skinned girl from Shaolin
Stood by my side when my world was caved in
She cooked for me, fix me up, plus made me happy
Every time she told me she loved me, I said, "no backsies"
I was fucked up in the game, migranes
No money in my pockets, all I had was a chain
.45 stainless, it got so deep I threw the heat to my dome
She said "If you shoot, you ain't the real Pretty Tone"
Baby, come home, you not alone, be strong whether right or wrong
Our bond is even more stronger when the light is gone
Say, "Yo, Starks relax, you know I got the hot water runnin
Baby, oil you down, pots in the oven"
And my lovin'? It's gone when they style old fashion
And, ah, don't worry bout that jam, you gonna smash 'em
Boom bash em', your time has come
Stay focused, keep it cool, you know I love you
Love you too, babe, thank you

Uh... (you out there) you got it (louder)
You might also like
The more I drowned, the more down he went
As if to say, them other chicks wasn't meant
When she came through, by every square inch possible
Help the kid get on out, every obstacle
Long talks at night, arguments and still try'nna solve
Whether who is right, we mad tight
And the way she never call the cops on a nigga's
Got me, open, even more on her with her bangin' body
My favorite sweetheart, cum, but don't ever stop
Your love, give me every drop, you kiss get's me very hot
Never felt feelings before, and felt so sure
Every time you put it on me, I feen for more
Think that's the reason why, can't leave, can't lie
Look you dead in the eye
Word to fuck up, like Ralph, baby, your the greatest
I'mma sell my guns, and with the cash I'mma bring you to Vegas

Uh... you got it
I was drowning in the sea of love
Going down for the third time
You came and saved me dear (saved me) {Ghostface!}
And all the sweet things you've been doing, I ain't never been used to 'em
Don't ever stop them, dear (stop them dear)
To all the ladies who love they man
Though they fuck up, and you still let them back in
Make some noise if you cook and you clean for 'em
Out of love, doing juks for them
To all my niggas who love a girl with good brains on 'em
Bag 'em and get your name tattooed on 'em
Kiss 'em in the morning, hold 'em, definitely show 'em
We got our crab down, packed when it's time to mold 'em

Oh... oh.. oh... oh oh...
Uh... (you out there) you got it (louder)
I was down... thank you1Embed