10 ContributorsKing Gucci Lyrics
What's happening, big money talk nigga
Some people say, Guwop ain't Gucci (Guwop ain't Gucci?)
The hell do you mean?
They say Brick squad ain't So Icy (what?)
Huh

The car ain't named a thing, naw (that car ain't even in my name)
It’s not the same no more (know what im saying?)
Shit's better, you know what I’m saying?
For real I ont' change up
They say my Rolex ain’t the same, boy you changed it?
It ain’t plain jane no more, man you flooding it?
My tour bus ain’t the same as yours cause I gutted mine
I fuck your girl my girl the same time, chump change
Switched my paint up, cause the weather changed
Never switch my lane, keep the change nigga, 20 chain gang
I’m getting some brain in the Range', off the chain with her
I caught her lips and and fingers chain smoking 20 swishers
If them folks come in here now, then I’m not gonna change
I’m not telling names, I can’t change up
I’m not no pitcher nigga, I just change villas
At the currency exchange, Euros, pesos nigga

Pulled up to that lane he want the light to change
She riding with you, looking at me, and that’s a shame
Half a pint and a Sunkist, all change
Cali swag, bars up, Louis belt chain
You might also like
Trap check one two, trap check one two, niggas
It’s the legendary DJ Scream talking to you
Paying homage to one of the most respected names in these streets
King Gucci, the one and only trap god out here, nigga
And my dog coming home real soon
So y’all motherfuckers can start getting nervous right now

Pulled up to that lane he want the light to change
She riding with you, looking at me, and that’s a shame
Half a pint and a Sunkist, all change
Cali swag, bars up, Louis belt chain

Ay yo, listen man
One thing about it, a mixtape wouldn’t be a mixtape if you didn’t hear my motherfucking voice
You know it’s the legendary, the one and only
Mr. Thanksgiving, DJ Drama
This my nigga man, King Gucci, Free Guwop
We got classics under our belts, you hear me? Classics
Matter fact we raised some of you niggas man, know what I’m saying?
It’s my nigga Guwop man
My bro be coming home soon, y’all see what it is
King Gucci
Ayo Gucci, holler at these niggas man!Embed