12 ContributorsFlowers Lyrics
Yeah, yeah, why'know
  Tranquilize, tranqulize
Yeah, yeah
Yo Ghostface! (c'mon)
Raekwon!
Meth!

See me in the club, got a gun on my leg
Select paper and invade all the illest niggas tally up paid, yo
Live Crew meetin', layin' in the lab with robes of fly Mo
We hold all niggas eatin'
Racquetball gangsters, unleash the law straight up
Colorful drawers, bad whores on the weekend
Eat it raw style like Flounder
Fuckin' with mine or how we design, my niggas might find ya
Layin' in the Tropics, big dick shit on park
The way his Clarks look, niggas on topics
Movin' out, colored Durangos, picture me broke
That's like picture rich niggas with the same coats
Or rich niggas with the same coke

You can catch us cruisin', ballin' a ship, fully equipped
On a StarTAC, callin' a bitch, I'm what you get
When that Absolut and Hennessy mix (Ultimate! Ultimate!)
Wu shit, my whole clique (Ultimate! Ultimate!)
Rub-a-dub, ass in the club, showin' me love
Sayin' "Peace" to the nigga that thug, I got the drugs
And the .38, snub-nose, striking a pose
Baby girl spilled her drink on my clothes, the new Girbauds
Louis Rich, Hot Nikks, nigga, what's happenin'?
Ain't shit, holdin' my dick, smokin' a clip, thanks for askin'
Mashin', the latest fashion
Dance floor packed in, whites, blacks and latins
All in together, together for worse or better
Now I put it down whether it's Methy, Method, or Meth-Tical
Rock, skate, roll, bounce
I'm bound to wreck your body as they turn the party out
You might also like
All magazines lay, fly life we live
The lingo was to let y'all niggas know how niggas rep
I'm set lightin' the Purple in a new Lex
Triflin work, let's murder everythin' that move on the set

I better pay Big Mama for using his lyrics
I better pay Big Mama for using his lyrics
I better pay Big Mama for using his lyrics
I better pay Big Mama for using his lyrics

And my mouth stay dry cos I swallow the struggle
I might connect you to a VCR after they plug you
I'm not a gangster and I hate thugs, too
I'm just a nigga that paint a picture without a paintbrush, too
Without a paintbrush, too

Bulletproof Wallets, 20G kitchensets made out of Korea
Top Sear, gots to be a lots to see a rocks
Knots we re'd up behind the stove askin' how Maria popped Lea
Cursed out Nia, burst out her purse
With the gods you jeer from Stark's Pizzeria
Peace, hate to be ya, especially when them shots ring off
In slow motion when yo' head hit the meter
You lost two liters, at the same case speeder
Peter slid through, shook 'em down for his reefer
James chased Theresa with a hatchet on Easter
Two murders in the hood, we call it double features
Watch how I eat this, freak the best teacher
After prayer with the preacher, I get skied in the bleachers
And your girl, I might eat her
I'm a lover, not a biter, I still catch her for a pizza
You can be as good as the rest of 'em or as bad as the worst
So don't hate me, you better move over yeah!

You fucking idiots!
Wallets motherfucker!
All my shit is bulletproof
Bulletproof projects, bulletproof wallets
R.A.G.U., you heard, you bird-ass niggas
Y'all niggas ain't got a chanceEmbed