22 ContributorsIntro/Universal Mind Control (UMC) Lyrics

(Uh)
Aiyyo (Uh), all they wanna do is dance (Uh, uh)
That's all they wanna do (Uh, uh)
(Woo!) Get-get it
Get-get it (What?)
Uh, get-get it (What?)

This is that automatic
I stay fresh like I'm wrapped in plastic (C'mon)
P goes spastic, C galactic (What?)
Southside boy, we Cadillac it
Charismatic, Asiatic (Ahh)
I hustle for mathematics (Ahh)
Cameras, action, changed the status (Ahh)
Actor tappin' yo' favorite actress
Gucci rockin', coochies poppin'
Movie watchin', booties droppin' (Uh)
Body movin', showin', provin'
Stylin'... and being fly (C'mon)
I touch the masses like a Catholic
Expensive rap shit, my future's backlit
Interact with the cat who macks and stacks
My vernac' attracts y'all react; so let's go, uh!
You might also like
This is that new shit, keep 'em standing in line
That universal mind control, now move yo' behind
Uh, you know you like it; it's calling yo' name
Nigga, this is that new shit, and it don't feel the same
It's got that dang da-da-dang d-dang-a-dang dang
Dang diggy dang d-dang-a-dang dang
Bop-diddy-bop, d-dang d-dang diggy diggy
Bop-diddy-bop, d-dang d-dang dang

Some pop, some lock, some move robotic
Like cash money I stay in pocket
U.M.C. r-r-r-rock, don't stop it
Chicks exotic, mix Hpnotiq
Superhero role boy, I'm bionic
You a fad on some level, I'm a supersonic
Girl, you 'bout it, you can strip like comic
And trance to melodic Technotronic
Beats knockin', seats droppin'
Seeds poppin', streets rockin'
Freakin', shakin, money makin'
Stylin'... and being fly
I'm the one the lady-ladies chose to
Strip and pose to, take off their clothes to
Toast to the one that go coast to coast to
Mr. Global, the focal, let's go, uh!
This is that new shit, keep 'em standing in line
That universal mind control, now move yo' behind
Uh, you know you like it; it's calling yo' name
Nigga, this is that new shit, and it don't feel the same
It's got that dang da-da-dang d-dang-a-dang dang
Dang diggy dang d-dang-a-dang dang
Bop-diddy-bop, d-dang d-dang diggy diggy
Bop-diddy-bop, d-dang d-dang dang

Uh
Wha? Wha?
Wha?
G-!
G-get it
G-get it
Uh, g-get it

I am a renegade, I never been afraid
Fresh and I'm get-tin' paid
The future future of this age!
From the Chi so I talk this way
Twist the hay and the Grand Marnier (Uh!)
Rock the fly shit like every day
To the top and I'm on my way, let's go, uh!
This is that new shit, keep 'em standing in line
That universal, mind control now move yo' behind
Uh, you know you like it; it's calling yo' name
Nigga, this is that new shit, and it don't feel the same
It's got that dang da-da-dang d-dang-a-dang dang
Dang diggy dang d-dang-a-dang dang
Bop-diddy-bop, d-dang d-dang diggy diggy
Bop-diddy-bop, d-dang d-dang dang10Embed