16 ContributorsBiscuits Lyrics
Yo... who the fuck brought me this chocolate shit, man?
I said a banana nutrament, man
Ya'll heard what the fuck I said... I gave you the...
I wrote it on the fuckin' paper, man!
Y'all muthafuckas always fuckin' around and forgettin' something and shit
Smart dumb niggas and shit, runnin' around here and shit
Y'all niggas need to wisen up, man, yo..
Get off that special ed shit though, man...

I said Big O, hydro-face, pass me the sazon, it's on
There go son, tap out the hash bone
Half moon, he rock, three's fourth quarter length
No jewels, no rocks, it's not worth the spotlight
His gun tool, was a half a hill
That's a six digit slip behind five sticks, eatin' steel, fuck him
We gon' -- we gon' get our money
If he front, they gon' read about the rocks in his tummy
Mouth was red, socks was bloody, fuck all the talkin'
Safety off and shit, crept up, "What up money? Freeze!"
Don't move, turn around, act like James Brown
And get down! Get slapped with the pi-dound
Wasn't you the same clown? Uptown, yappin'
I keep big Shirley on my side, so What's Happenin'?
Try eatin' these shells, they non-fattening
After you digest that, I'mma stomp you bastards
So take that.. blaow, blaow! Ghost, he still breathing
Blaow, blaow! Anything after that it don't matter
Your homies and your close relatives
Even them nosy ass pigs'll get splattered
It's the T-H-E-O-D-O-R-E, send me to Iraq I come back with don heat
Teeth, less than a week, they be callin' me
Chief of Defense, cuz I sure do cook when it's beef
You might also like
Yo, what up? Meet, these, O.G.'s, po' thieves and
Baller' shit, long biscuits
Fuck around, take all your shit
Call your bluff, y'all faggots don't want no beef
Grind your teeth, and just, roll with it, don't risk it
Fuck around, and be a statistic

Yo, yo, niggas ask why I use my Glock
Cuz it's 2003, muthafucka, I refuse to box
I'm true to block, strip you for your shoes and socks
Remove your watch, yo I'mma have to lose your top
I'm from a place where junkheads and zombies dwell
And niggas keep they heat blazin' like Bonzi Wells
Don't ever talk to a nigga like I'm one of your kids
Cuz I'll cock back the mac and pop one in your ribs
So homeboy, keep runnin' your jibs, I'mma run in your crib
Pistol whip you right in front of your wiz
My nigga, that's how it is, I get it, just how I live
Cuz me without a gun, is like Queens without the bridge
Classic cut, this is how a O.G. live
Lamp in village, and still get heard with no spins
This is Trife Diesel, New York's backbone, back home
Black blown, it's Theodore, nigga, fuck your wack stones

That's right, it's real!
It's that muthafuckin' Theodore Unit
Nahwhatimean? Staten Island, live shit, y'all
Straight up and down, nothin' but that cutthroat shit
Blowin' niggas back home, you know what I mean?
I don't give a fuck... we could take it there
Whatever, hits? We got 'em, nigga!
Yeah, now I'mma strangle the game!
No doubt, it's real right now, muthafucka
Y'all niggas done done it, fuck y'all yeah
I'mma get the fuck outta this booth1Embed