53 ContributorsIt’s So Hard Lyrics
You can catch me in the cherry red 150
Got the Glizzy locked in the stizzy
Pop the clizzy, goin' 60 down a one-wizzy
Drunk pissy, tryin' to cruise through the avenue
While my peoples is poppin' bottles up in Sue's Rendezvous
Fuck that! Spun the U-ey, lost a hubcap
It's back to the shack, came back in a "What's that?!"
Straight from Paris, checkin' Gaby's new baby carriage
Perry Ellis, auburn cherry reddish
Fresh out the dealer, got the TEC for the squealers
Wear a vest for the killers, nothin' less ‘cause it's realer
In the Big Apple, where it's quick to get your shit tackled
Enemies spit at you, best friends kidnap you
Trust no one; got beef? Bust yo' gun
You don't need no one, talkin' 'bout that you owe 'em
I'ma go for dolo, Scarface without Manolo
One deep, I be solo, bustin' heat, throwin' bolos, it's hard

And it's so hard, yeah
Niggas wanna be like Pun
But they don't bust they guns
And it's so hard!
Niggas wanna fuck my wife
Nggas wanna take my life
But it's so hard!
You might also like
It's hard work, baby
I just lost a hundred pounds, I'm tryin' to live
I ain't goin' nowhere
I'm stayin' alive, baby
That's my wife, I paid for them titties!
Get your own! Your own! Ya heard?!

Rollin' with the Squad, we like Gods
Catch us at the bar-de-bar-de-bars, strip bars in Miami
Almost came home with the Grammy
Next year, bringin' home three for the family
Watch me, you can catch it live on Hitachi
Poppin' shit like a Nazi, iced out like DeBiase
Fuck that! Liberace, fo'-X Versace, somebody stop me!
Never that! SKEE-YU! Where my niggas at?
Uptown!! Uptown!! You know you feelin' that
Cash rule, hardcore, you can dance to
That old Biggie "Gimme One More Chance..."
Take a glance, then I'm off with yours
With both hands, take off my drawers and jerk me like the Source Awards
I love hip-hop, I ain't even probably the best lyricist alive
Terror Squad, nigga, stop sleepin'!

What you say your name was again?
And I know you from where? Elementary school?
I don't know you, man!
Money, not you again, go that way!
And it's so hard, yeah
Niggas wanna be like Pun
But they don't bust they guns
And it's so hard!
Niggas wanna fuck my wife
Nggas wanna take my life
But it's so hard!

Yeah, you ain't fuckin' my wife, takin' my life
And if you just hatin', just walk on by
All you haters, just walk on by
See, me and Big Pun be rollin'
Schemin' on you and your homie
Better just walk on by
While we role back and talk for a while
And to the Boricuas — stay up, stay up, stay up!
And to all my homies — you gotta know what's up!5Embed