19 ContributorsIntro (World War 3, Vol. 1: Lean) Lyrics
Hello world
Yeah this your?
You know, it's amazing what's going on out here in these streets
You know, you got these boys out here playing
They come off the porch not ready
I come to find out what it really is
They ain't mama's baby, they mama's boy
See if they was mama's baby they could learn something, but they mama's boy
They don't know when to shut up, they don't know when to get out the way they don't know how to stay in they lane
When you come off the porch you got to already be ready
Because when you hit these streets...
It's on the job training

I been juugin', I been makin' plays in exclusive J's
Fuck ya bitch and let her rub my waves, I'm stuck in my ways
Poppin' molly I've been up for days vampin' wit' the Js
Longway, longway, jumpin' off the stage, bitches grabbin' my chain
Machine Gun Kelly ride the wave, Guwop fuck up the stage
Diamond hittin' neon like a rave, leave a bad bitch in a daze
Uno dos cups I'm dazed, Cali stuffed crust I blaze
Make a big juug at Blaze, John Dillinger still come for your safe
FN 20 shots still on my waist
Gas bags still comin' in from the bay, E-40 holla back at ya ???
Let's see how many bags she can flip in a day
Makin' juug, makin' juug wit' my people
Griselda Blanco, El Chapo, clean bricks in, bring nacho
Pablo Esco', Gucci Tarantino, makin' juug, compadre, vato
Longway!
You might also like
Long, yeah that was Longway man
What's happenin'?
1017's finest nigga, Guwop
All we do is goddamn make legends nigga (Everything red this summer)
We make nothing but classics nigga
Street niggas, Trap music fuck nigga
Don't get this shit confused wit' no Hip-Hop nigga
2013 nigga, everythang red on my end
Red Phantom, red 'rari, red Bentley, red Charger sucka

VVS crystals all over me, dope covered with crystals
Sticky purp need some scissors, lean so dark look like liquor
So I just pulled up in the Enzo ho, Guwop came back in a Bentley on 4s
Poured me a 4 and forgot where to go, in a Ghost but I'm lost just like Weezy and Zoe
Gucci and PeeWee - new Eazy and Dre, Wee got the uzi and I got the K
Like Birdman and Wayne and we hoggin the lane, we sippin and spillin codeine on the plane
Fuck the champagne I'm in love with the drank, smoke on some dank because cigarettes stank
Fresh prince of the six that's getting Hillary Bank
Forefathers I'm feelin them bought me a pint
Woke up today a decision to  make, I skeet on her chest  or I skeet on her face
These worrisome-ass bugs keep sucking my blood I need some spray to keep these mosquitoes away
I follow the leader, my plug was a teacher
He showed me the roads now I'm leading the way
458, this ain't a date, so ho you get dick and Doritos today
Baby I'm not president, I ball like George Jefferson
Her teeth whiter than a peppermint
I buy her a maid, this and that so therefore she ain't coming back
Babygirl chasing her a sack
Young Thugger Young Thugger, Young Stack is my brother
I fuck her, I love her, but I cannot cuff her
I pull up on donuts, they take all my orders
That lean is my drank and that pussy my supper
I like my bitch brown like dope and Coca Cola
Her ass keep clapping, Magnolia Magnolia
She walk down that runway, she coming she coming
Ain't talkin' no gun but she don't got no tummy
Got bricks like a mummy
I tell ya father, I slaughter ya daughter
I'm with that lay, ain't talkin' to stay, I fuck the yay yay
Ay Bloody Jay, you know we go harder
We ridin' on Bentleys, we started from MARTA
We come from the street, I'm full, I can't eat
Ain't nobody starving, Monique Parker

Straight like that baby
Bitch, ho, slut, whatever you wanna go by
Longway! Longway! Longway! All blue on my end nigga
MPA, 1017, if you ain't know fool
Fuck you sayin'?!
Fuck you mean?! (Waaaaann!)
John, engineer, go ahead man
Turn up! Turn up! Turn up!
Turn down for what?!
Turn up...6Embed