36 ContributorsSwitch (The Science Project) Lyrics
Yeah, Revenge!
Now what we gonna do right now, a-ha! uh
Is gonna try a little experiment, just a little experiment
You know what I'm saying? A little "science project"
You know what I'm saying? I like to call it

(Switch!) You you you, yes let the words woo you
Till you woozy, let the lyrics subdue you
Massage and soothe you, move you, till conscience lose you
Lu now rules you, do what Lu do and you'll do beautiful
(Switch!) I'm the meanest! You the meanest?
I'm the meanest, and I mean this
Now I don't mean this to sound fiendish
But I'm a genius, you a genius?
And the cleanest, never seen this
As clean as my cleanest
From on top, from underneath
From behind, or in between us
(Switch!) I'm a hustler, creeping with my hat low
Niggas know I pack, so, what they gonna do that for?
Niggas got my back, though, like answering the back door
Catch you, I'ma slap you, leave you redder than the Batphone
(Switch!) With a little bit of this and a little bit of that
That, mixed with a little bit of pimp and a little bit of mack
And a little bit of limp, and a whole lotta gangsta lean
I can't be seen, I ain't the King
But a nigga is strengthening to paint the scene
And take the thing over like a soldier, colder than a polar
Got the hood like a cobra, nigga thank the team (Switch!)
You might also like
Switch, nigga, this is how I got it
I switch like hydraulic cars
Switch like DeBarge, nigga (Switch!)

Aight, now remember that
That's a, that was a part of the experiment
I had to set it up, so, so, don't worry
I know what you're thinking, I was thinking the same thing
Just, just follow me, okay? Watch, okay? Come on now

Murder niggas, step on my shoes, I hurt a nigga
Kill a nigga, fill a nigga with holes, call women hoes
Hold up niggas, hold up hoes, break the calm, detonate bombs
Blow up niggas, blow up hoes, turn around, smack they moms
(Switch!) Heal niggas, educate and build niggas
Instill in niggas, it’s real to respect women
Treat 'em like they real, they feel, nigga, watch the words
Watch Dr. Phil, nigga, chill, nigga, go learn a skill, nigga
(Switch!) Rims, Mercedes Benz, twenties, twenty-twos
Twenty-fours, rose gold, platinum watches, cases of Mo'
Gucci, rubies, mansions, models, VIP, Ferraris
Chinchillas, diamond rings, change, Range Rovers, bling bling
(Switch!) Niggas bust his trains, pocket full of change
Dimes, quarters, taking orders, delivering pizzas
Air conditionless, beaters, hand-me-down sneakers, silver
Wannabe models won't show me love and I can't get in the club
(Switch!)
Ha, it's getting good right?
Yeah, aight, so check this out
Now go back to the first one, aight? Run back to that one
We're going to have a little bit more fun with that one, aight?
You ready? Aight, come on

(Switch!) Hey hey hey, it's coming back to you
Lu no longer rules you, you can do what you do
Back to your usual
(Switch!) It's official, it's official, I'm official
As officials, got the stripes
And the flags, and the whistles
(Switch!)And watch my niggas come from the underground
Just like Thriller, play Bambi and you gon' hear that Thumper sound
(Switch!) They can't touch the sound that I'm busting now
It's like a cloud tryna touch the ground
Tough and bound, ever since we're touching down
Jealous niggas catch your feelings 'cause I'm hustling now, what?
(Switch!) They be hating (Switch!) They be hating?
(Switch!) What? What? What? They be hating
Don't give them stage then
(Switch!) What's a nigga s'posed to tell 'em
When they up in my face then?
(Switch!)That you got a cousin that don't mind catching cases
Busting niggas' heads and slapping niggas' faces
(Switch!)And he-a do it, he-a do it
He-a do it, and I'll prove it
'Cause I done seen it, you done seen it?
I done seen it, he the meanest
(Switch!) Ho-ho-ho, wait, I mean it
I thought you were the meanest
See? That's why this thing is fiendish, right now
(Switch!)
Switch, nigga, this is how I got it
I switch like hydraulic cars
Switch like DeBarge, nigga (Switch!)

Yeah, experiment done
I think that was a goody, I think that was a good experiment
I think that was nice, it's a nice little science project
Haha! Revenge!
Shoutouts to my homies at Asylum, what up? Yeah6Embed