93 ContributorsAll in a Day’s Work Lyrics
Fear... Fear's a powerful thing, I mean, it's got a lot of firepower
If you can figure out a way to wrestle that fear to push you from behind rather than to stand in front of you, that's very powerful
I always felt that I had to work harder than the next guy, just to do as well as the next guy
And to do better than the next guy, I had to just kill
And, uh, you know, to a certain extent, that's still with me in how I work
You know, I just go in

Uh, sittin' 'bout a hundred stories up, like what the fuck?
And I'm just lookin' at it all (I want it all!)
I'll be right here in Los Angeles
Lookin' like a villain layin' low
Nothin' I can do but pack it all up
Goin' up but shit, I feel the love
Spotlight on me and I'm feelin' so rare tonight, huh
Actin' a fool and feelin' alive
I'm fuckin' flawless like I live in a vault
Only type of livin' I know

(Only type of living I, only type of living I)
Yeah, see, if it was you you would've killed yourself by now
(Only type of living I, only type of living I know)
Yeah, it takes a special kind of motherfucker to live like this
(Only type of living I, only type of living I know)
And they ask me how I do it, motherfucker, just take a look around
You might also like
Best believe I'm in the buildin', ha
I hear you motherfuckers talkin' and all that but, uh, no, no, don't mention me at all
Yeah! Comin' live and direct! (Uh)
And I know you feelin' some type of way about it but, uh, watch your mouth
I dare your ass to say somethin'! I thought it was all good (Hey!)
But now you motherfuckers crossed the line and kinda pissin' me off
All the fans and all the fame and though I gave everything
To this game they still complain
Now what the fuck do y'all expect me to do? There's just so much fuckin' pressure!
There's so much pressure and it's all in a day's work

Aaaaaah, work
Work, workin' so hard, hard, yeeeeah
24/7, 3-6-5, 365, hard work
It's all in a day's work, hard, aaah, yeeeeah

My whole life all I ever thought about is grindin'
Even though my surroundings only showed me crime and violence
That was back when a rapper needed guns way more than a stylist
And that was back when I felt like rappers was true motherfuckin' riders
Or even back in the day when I was a fuckin' youngster, man
Shit, I was still sayin', "Fuck the police" (Man, fuck the police)
Born and raised in the belly of the beast (Motherfuckin' Hub City)
I had a dream that we was at peace but I was so wrong, so wrong
Y'all too wrapped up in the bullshit and bias
Now reality TV is talking 'bout pulpits and choirs
Some of these hoes give less than a fuck when they runnin' their life story by us
It's the worst when I'm in a hotel, like a Hilton, sick and tired
And some of these housewives way too fuckin' desperate, these bitches thinkin' fame first
I can't knock the hustle, shit, it's all in a day's work!
But that's that shit with potential to make the game worse
Shit, it's just somethin' about that Hollywood curse, they just thirsty
Hard times, I double my grind
Fuck the part-time, huh, stay ready for war
I'm on the front line, I'm gettin' the feelin' like it's all mine
It's becoming the only feeling I know
(Only type of livin' I) Only type of livin' I know
(Only type of livin' I) Only type of livin' I know
(Only type of livin' I) Only type of livin' I know
(Only type of livin' I know)

Gonna go to work
We gotta work
We gotta work
Let's get back to work
On the grind, back to work
Let's work

Rich as fuck, but guess what? I'm back to work (Yeah, I'm back to work)
Overseas, back home, no time to sleep, I'm back to work (Huh, I'm back to work)
So many people that I love, they want my time but I got to work (I'm sorry, I'm back to work)
Some of my friends don't understand, shit, I got to work (Huh, I'm back to work!)
Always talkin' 'bout bustin' the club but I'm like, "Fuck that, I gotta work" (Fuck that, I'm workin')
If you really wanna do it like this, shit, you better get back to work (I'm workin'!)
Back to work, right back to work (Huh, right back to work)
Gotta get back to work, shit, right back to work (Right back to work, right back to work, huh)20Embed