39 ContributorsRamona Lyrics

*Door knob rattling and panting breath*
Hopsin
*Phone dialing and ringing*
Hopsin, Hopsin, Hopsin are you there?

911: 9-1-1 Emergency, what's the issue?
Hopsin: Th-this girl she's out she's...
911: Wow, wow, wow relax honey, speak to me
Hopsin: There's this girl outside of my house and she keeps tryna come in
911: Uh huh
Hopsin: And I keep tryna push her away but...but I feel like she's gonna come in and do something...I...I don't know...
911: Okay, what is your name darling?
Hopsin: It's Marcus Hopson
911: Okay Marcus, relax
Hopsin: I'm trying
911: I need you to explain to me who this girl is please
Hopsin: Okay, okay, okay...

Here, let me read you her bio (go 'head)
She was raised in Cleveland, Ohio (Uh huh)
Got a tattoo of a cross on her left tit
Yo, but, she don't believe in no bible (what?)
She flashing niggas when I'm on stage
She let anyone see 'em at my show (you're kidding)
First time I met her was at a meet and greet
She ran up in a hurry and was like "woah"
"Hi Hop, I'm Ramona (hi)
Please forgive me, I might go nuts
I don't know but I'm like so lucky
And I just wish I could just...oh fuck
I'm nervous and I feel worthless
Please don't think I'm doing this on purpose
I just cannot control all my urges
You're just...oh my God you're so perfect"
Man if you fuck with this bitch then you're doomed (yup)
She followed me and my tour crew
To my hotel, I'm like "who you?
Where you going?" she said "your room" (silly)
Like "woah look, ho you gotta go, just because I ripped the mic
Don't mean you get the right to follow me back to my hotel room, you ain't 'bout to spent the night, aight?"
She said "okay, Marcus, what if I give you my pussy (what?)
Oh my God, getting fucked by Hopsin, do you know how awesome that would be? Ah"
You might also like
Ramona, mona, Ramona, mona
Ramona, mona, Ramona, mona, Ramona
This bitch is stalking me, fucking
Ramona, mona, Ramona, mona
Ramona, mona, Ramona, mona, Ramona
Get this bitch off of me
Fucking Ramona

She became friends with my girlfriend but my girlfriend did not know (know what?)
That Ramona's obsessed with me, she been to at least ten of my shows, woah
Fucking all my niggas names up she like "Gerald Benton, he wrecks it
Disney Wright, weed repping, I love SwisSs, three S's"
I'm like "God damn bitch, You ain't even got no chance bitch
You ain't even my real fan bitch, you only know 'Sag my Pants' bitch"
All over my Instagram pics, tryna get my attention
Hoping I'ma get you a ticket and fly you to Cali
And put you in a bed you can ride the dick in (hell no ho)
I can't lie though, her ass fat
She send me nudes up on Snapchat
I know every nigga done tapped that
She gets sad 'cause I do not snap back (hahaha)
That nasty girl, I ain't touching her (nope)
Fuck her, I don't fuck with her (nuh uh)
She a real rap chasing hustler
If you see her ass, hit the slut alert
This one time she tried to cut....
(Oh my God, Hopsin) what the fuck (hey)
What the fuck are you doing here?
(I love you so much) shut your ass up, get your ass out
Ramona, mona, Ramona, mona
Ramona, mona, Ramona, mona, Ramona
This bitch is stalking me, fucking
Ramona, mona, Ramona, mona
Ramona, mona, Ramona, mona, Ramona
Get this bitch off of me
Fucking Ramona

Yo Hopsin (what up man?), you know that bitch named Ramona? (yeah)
I know you said that hoe's a space case but guess what (what?), I boned her, ah
I swear to God Hop, man, it's been sick
She be like "Jarren, oh my God, you're the shit
I'll never, ever, ever, ever brush my teeth now that my breath smells just like your dick"
Yuck, she won't leave me alone
Every five seconds, bitch blowing up my phone
I'm paranoid hoping she don't show up at my home
What the fuck was I on? Pills or Patron
Then the bitch talking 'bout she's knocked up
How bitch, damn, I had my cock locked up
With a latex condom, and we just fucked two days ago
Now how the fuck a baby pop up?
Ah, she like "Jarren you're right, must be SwizZz or maybe Dizzy Wright
Cause he went inside it raw like, just the other night"
Swear to God Hop, we gotta take this whores life
But damn, who gon' let Kato know?
That's the nigga's girlfriend, he don't know that she a hoe
Now she on DJ Hoppa's dick like "go DJ, go DJ, go"
Go DJ, go DJ, go
Ramona, mona, Ramona, mona
Ramona, mona, Ramona, mona, Ramona
This bitch is stalking me, fucking
Ramona, mona, Ramona, mona
Ramona, mona, Ramona, mona, Ramona
Get this bitch off of me
Fucking Ramona

I am not one of your fucking groupies Hopsin
And honestly, you just lost a fucking fan, okay?
I told all my friends about your music
And now I regret it, and Jarren, you're a fucking liar
I only know you because of fucking Hopsin, okay?
And I genuinely thought you were a nice fucking guy
So I sucked your dick, and you made fun of me
You made fun of me for sucking your fucking cock
I so can't live with myself right now
....Okay I'm over it12Embed