100 ContributorsLoose Cannons Lyrics

All my life, I've been down to ride
So I kept it real and I stayed alive with no compromise
And I fantasize about the baddest bitch and what between her thighs
Then I woke up and realized this is my motherfuckin' real life

You know where the fuck I'm from
From that muthafuckin' legendary
From the city where them niggas load clips in fast
And get stabbed at homeroom should've skipped that class
Shit will never change on the West Side
Jack your shit, take your car for a test drive (Ah shit)
Gangbangin' out the window hollering let's ride
Gotta keep a tec by the bedside
These niggas don't know my life
All this pain and what I sacrificed
And all my niggas that lost their life
You never die, you never die
I'm in that motherfuckin' one for a minute now
All y'all lil' niggas need to simmer down
Shut the fuck up, I'm the one that's killing now
Take a look who on top of the pinnacle
You might also like
Cold 187um
Know it's been a minute since you heard from us
Still we're untouchable murderers
R.I.P to KMG, I still got a murder rap
And don't give a fuck where the body at
You do too much talkin' I walk in the building
I just give a fuck where the money at
I'm Jordan and Jackson, the coach and the player
They trust me it's only just one of them
I'm callin' them shots and makin' the plays
If you get a trade, better fuck with him
I keep it gangsta, y'all testin' my patience
Got me feelin' so anxious, I be lookin' so facetious
Feel like running a caper
Wait, hold up I got next! What up, X?

Spent my birthday in Dubai
Skyrise surprise and I'm dressed like a spy
Black tux, on you fucks
And guess what? I'm ready to (blow, yo, oh no)
I hang that 6-2 sideways
Pissin' off the neighbors, scrapin', bumpin' in the driveway
Cube gave me the pistol
Told me to kill at will and (blow, yo, oh no)
(I couldn't give a fuck) Literally
Cashed out just livin' to me
Blast it like a Kennedy beat
Wanna get rid of 'em? Send them to me
While I'm just over here cozy holdin' these double D's
She book smart with pornographic abilities
Well I ,don't know what you know, but I know
I got that shit!
These motherfuckers still talking? Fuck 'em!
That's why they bring X and the guillotine out
To stop these bitch niggas from runnin' their mouth
It's bout time somebody said something
One in the glove, one in the clip, one in the chamber
One on the dash, one in the stash, ready for danger
I'm ready to die, I can't control this fuckin' anger
Ah shit, somebody better fuckin' stop me
Cause I'm a loose cannon that can't stand myself
I'm bad for my own health
You niggas really think I give a fuck about somebody else
(Fuck 'em!)
I swear to God, I'mma do it, back the fuck up, I'mma do it
I swear to God, I'mma lose it

Baby, baby! What the fuck are you doing? Put the gun down! Really? Are you doin' this shit to me again?
Oh my God
You is so fucked up for this
Fuck It
*Gun cocks*
Wait, wait, wait, wait! Okay, I'm sorry! What the fuck? Don't point the fuckin' gun at me! Okay, put the fuckin' gun down! No, no, no, no!!
*Gun shot*
Alright, I got the legs
Man this bitch is heavy
You gotta get under her armpits, man
Shut the fuck up, I got it
What the, what the fuck did you guys do?
It was this nigga
Me?
Shit, matter of fact you know what? You gon' dig the fuckin' hole this time
I don't give a fuck, like it's the first fuckin' hole I ever dug
Who the fuck is that?
I don't know, ask fuckin' Charles Manson right here
Oh, oh, you're tryna be funny? You're really fuckin' tryna be funny right now?
Shh, shh, shut your ass up
This is bad. This is, this is fucking bad man. Fuck it, let's start digging12Embed