152 ContributorsDarkside/Gone Lyrics

Where you at? Where you from?
Whatcha doing over here, motherfucker?
Whatcha think? What you bang?
This ain't no motherfuckin' game
Now I ain't never been no gangsta
But I know niggas, know niggas from the darkside
There's some cold killas, cold killas (My man, he used to tell me)
"My nigga, you should roll with us, roll with us" (Every night)
Married to the more money, more women
Now I ain't ever been the one that'll pull a gun on you
But I know who got 'em
No, I never sold no drugs, homie
But I know who got 'em
And I never had no fucking bullets in me
But I know who got 'em
Mmmmm, heeeey-heeeeeey
If you die tonight, you die tonight
Momma might cry tonight if she find you high off the dynamite
But to you, well, it's just another Friday night
Got a nigga feeling kinda nice
With the Bible right beside that pile of white
That's what this life is like
(Now do you love your life?)
You might also like
Now please don't give me a reason, reason
'Cause I know you wanna keep breathing this evening
I've been killing the game for seasons, believe him
That I'm the motherfuckin' one to breed them and lead 'em
In a league of my own
You ain't even made it up to my throne
You ain't even authorized for this song
Might be best for you to get goin'
Best be careful about your tone
That shit can hit me wrong and it's on
I have tried my best to be calm
Please don't make me grab that phone (Uh-oh)
Now who you know who came this fucking far
From the fucking bottom?
Thirty years in this bitch and I'm still here
Decade after decade
And evidently I must be doing somethin' right
Word to my nigga Eazy
Eazy-E C-P-T OG from the other side (Eazy)
From the other side (Eazy)

It's easy to say you need me
When you got everything you want
But It's hard for me to believe it
You'll find out when I'm gone

I went from hanging out down at the swap meet
To driving some of the hottest cars L.A. has ever seen
People been tellin' me I've grown into some kind of monster
But they don't know me though, I've been this way since seventeen
Tryna get finances poppin', man, I thought that was the object
'Til some of my niggas lost they life and then there goes the team
My only dream was holding it down, like, fuck who tryna stop us
You could get the middle finger or the reddest beam
It's your choice, I took this industry by storm, young and black
Killing them softly
Don't ever call me fortunate, you don't know what it cost me
So anybody complaining about they circumstances lost me, homie
We ain't even talkin', fuck that energy, fuck up off me, ugh!

It's easy to say you need me
When you got everything you want
But It's hard for me to believe it
You'll find out when I'm gone
You look at my lifestyle
I'm living my life now
I'm dealing with diligent Benjamin
How come my attitude piped down?
I'm fucking with Ice now
I'm fucking with shit that you only can get
On an oversea flight now
You scared of my heights now
But still, I got enemies giving me energy
I wanna fight now
Subliminal, sending me all of this hate
I thought I was holding the mic down
I thought I was holding my city up
I thought I was good in the media
You think I'm too hood in my video?
But really, no clue, you idiot
I just can't help myself
Even when that record spin
Every now and then, you hang yourself
'Cause I got the green and gold (With a million sold)
Plus plenty more, (and my dollar thicker)
But with or without the diamonds, though
(To you) I'm just another (Nigga!)

It's easy to say you need me
When you got everything you want
But It's hard for me to believe it
You'll find out when I'm gone

You'll find out when I'm gone43Embed