13 ContributorsWhy Me? LyricsYay, what's up crip loco?
"Huuuh?"
Yeah, huh, y'all niggas shot me last night
Smoked a nigga for nothing, fuck

Why the fuck you wanna murder me?
Your punk ass never heard of me
I never did nuttin' to your family
Still you wanna kill a young nigga randomly
You wanna take the life God handed to me
Send it back to him cause you ain't a fan of me
Scary bitch with a gun that ain't a man to me
That's a animal, a fuckin' cannibal
I'm Geronimo and Hannibal, with international
Gangster pull, I'm a bull in Barcelona
With a Corona, you's a fake-ass nigga
Where's your owner? I'm a real live man
You a persona, now I'm a goner
Call my momma, and the coroner
Mr. Gun Man, your plan is workin'
Cause niggas is dyin', and mommas is hurtin'

Why you wanna murder me? You never ever heard of me
You don't know who I am, I could be part of your family tree
Now, sent by G-O-D, to save the world, you and me
You never know who you facin', who you chasin', the life you wastin'
You might also like
I was made by the one and only G-O-D
To take my life, to the T-O-P
Now here comes a motherfuckin' D-O-G
Who ain't happy 'til a nigga is R.I.P
Tryin' to be somethin' he saw on BET
Either T.I.P., or B.I.G
I don't give a fuck what you saw on TV
But a one-eight-seven don't make an O.G
I'm an O.G., never had to fake it
God gave me this, how you gon' take it?
What'chu gon' tell 'em, when you get to heaven
And he asks you why did you send back his present?
Who the fuck are you? you motherfuckin peasant!
Even got the nerve to ask the man for a blessing
Send his ass to Hades with his big Mercedes
Nigga hell on earth is bein' stuck in the 80's

Why you wanna murder me? You never ever heard of me
You don't know who I am, I could be part of your family tree
Now, sent by G-O-D, to save the world, you and me
You never know who you facin', who you chasin', the life you wastin'

Before you shoot me man think about it
Let's go have a drink about it (Yeah)
Before you make a stink about it
Man let's talk about it maybe we can walk up out it
But just don't be a coward
And take my life, cause you got the power
Of the white man's gunpowder
Cause you might face a gun tower
And time never run out
They take the fun out, 'til your life run out
So don't pull the gun out
If you ever want a house just like Run's house
It's better than the big house
Let's go find some women we can dig out
Find a place we can pig out
Party all night 'til the owner say get out
Why you wanna murder me? You never ever heard of me
You don't know who I am, I could be part of your family tree
Now, sent by G-O-D, to save the world, you and me
You never know who you facin', who you chasin', the life you wastin'

Dedicated to all the niggas
That's dead and don't know why
Who wanna look at the nigga that shot 'em
And ask these questions
Why me homey, why me?2Embed