141 ContributorsTranslationsРусскийOne Shot 2 Shot Lyrics*gunshots and crowd hollering*

I told y'all, motherfuckers, I was coming back (Oh, shit)
What now, nigga? What now? What? Brewster Projects, nigga

One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots
All I hear is gunshots, this is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor, music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door, somebody's licking shots off

Security's gone, I'm trapped in the club
And I'm trying to run and get my motherfucking gun
(Nigga, what about yo' wife?) Nigga, fuck my wife
I'm trying to run and save my motherfucking life
Oh, shit! The shooter's coming
Bitches hollering, niggas running
People, shot all over the floor
And I'm trying to make it to the Saint Andrew's door
*Shot* That's the sound of the Glock
Even DJ House Shoes fucked around and got shot
I done messed around and forgot my TEC
I don't see nobody, but Fatt Father and Hex
You might also like
(Kuniva, you alright?) These niggas is tripping (Where's Bizarre at?) (I don't know, man)
I'm trying to slip through the exit and get to where my car is at
Bitches screaming everywhere, and niggas is wylin'
Two minutes ago, we was all joking and smiling
This chick is clinging on to me, sobbing, and sighing
Saying she didn't mean to diss me earlier, and she crying
But it's real and it's on and caps is getting peeled
So I hugged her and used her body as a human shield, and
She got hit, and now she's yelling (Don't leave me!)
I told her I'd be right back, and the dumb bitch believed me!
I squeezed through the back door and made my escape
I ran and got my .38, I hope it's not too late!

One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots
All I hear is gunshots, this is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor, music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door, somebody's licking shots off

(I been trying to call you all day, motherfucker, where you at?)
I'm on 7 Mile *Shots* what the fuck was that? *Shots*
Damn, somebody hit me from the back!
(What with? They car?) With a gat, nigga, and my tire flat
And I just hit a pole, them niggas some hoes
(Is you hit?) I don't know, but I can tell you what they drove
It was a black Mitsubishi (Shit, that's the clique we beefing with!)
Man! (I swear!) And I was on my way there
Believe me, I'm leaving a carcass today
And I'ma park my car and walk the rest of the way
I'm in the mood to strut, my AK ain't even tucked
I'ma meet you at the club, we gon' fuck these hoes up!
One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots
All I hear is gunshots, this is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor, music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door, somebody's licking shots off

I never seen no shit like this in my life before
People are still camped out from the night before
Sleeping outside the door, waiting in line still
Trying to get inside the club to see D12 perform
The fire marshals know the venue's too small
People are wall to wall, three-thousand and some odd
Fans and some cum-wad from out the parking lot
Gets in an argument over a parking spot
Decides to pull his gun out and lets a few of them off
Missed who he's aiming for, six feet away’s the door
Into St. Andrew's Hall, now the strays flying all over the place
Grazed one bitch in the face
Another one of 'em came through the wall
Before anyone could even hear the first shot go off
I'm posted up at the bar, having a Mazel Tov
Bullet whizzed right by my ear, damn near shot it off
Thank, God, I'm alive, I gotta find Denaun
And where the fuck is Von? He usually tucks one on him
Wait a minute, I think I just saw Bizarre
Nah, I guess not, what the fuck? Oh, my God, it was!
I never saw him run so fast in my life
Look at him hauling ass, I think he left his wife
There she is, on the ground, being trampled
I go to grab her up by the damn hand, but I can't pull her
God damn, there just went another damn bullet
I'm hit, my vest is barely able to handle it
It's too thin, if I get hit again, I can't do it
I scoop Dee, follow Bizarre's path, ran through it and
Made it to the front door and collapsed
On the steps, looked up, and I seen Swift shooting it out
But I can't see who he's shooting it out with
But Denaun's right behind him, squeezing his four-fifth
One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots
All I hear is gunshots, this is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor, music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door, somebody's licking shots off

Yo, it's Friday night, came to this bitch right
Big ass on my left hand, Desert Eagle in my right
I ain't come in this bitch to party, I came in this bitch to fight
Although, I can't stay here to fight, 'cause I'm popping niggas tonight
That's right, bitches, I'm drunk with revenge
Shot a bouncer in the neck for trying to check when I get in
Swift told me to meet him here, so it's clear that the schmuck
That shot out the back of his truck is up in this motherfucker
So, one shot for the money, two is to stop the show
The third's for the bartender (Bitch, bring me a bottle of Mo')
I just wanna know who driving the black Mitsubishi?
He tried to run, so Proof shot him in the knee with a three-piece

One shot, two shot, three shots, four shots
All I hear is gunshots, this is where the fun stops
Bodies drop, hit the floor, music's off, party stops
Everybody hit the door, somebody's licking shots off30Embed