128 ContributorsThe Incredible True Story Lyrics
Get 'em!

Living life on the East Coast
Way back in the day trying to beat most
Anybody that wanna do what I do
Well let me keep it one hunnid with you
It ain't about that; ain't about Hip Hop, ain't about Rap
Take a minute, hold up, wait, now use your cap
Chicago, know I'ma snap
Nah, this ain't no basic rap

And so they wonder who am I—so high (So high)
I said they wonder who am I—so high

Back again, never outside so I'm acting in
I laugh again when they don't understand
What I mean, bias; everybody seen by us
Everybody wanna live a life like this
Man fuck that, do what's good for your family
Make music like there's no Grammy
For that last line, they might ban me
I don't give a fuck though
'Cause I am me, from Beijing to Miami
I'ma just do what I do with my crew
Ain’t no telling what I'm finna do
But I promise that I'ma keep writing for you
And I know what to do, everything right here for you
Only for you, depending on what you gon' do
It's all for you—it's all for you
You might also like
Who am I—so high (So high)
I said they wonder who am I—so high
Let me take this time to find the rhyme
And know that I'm the only one
To find the one, the time is done
Beyond the sky, beyond the sun
There is no one besides the only one
And you know I gotta let 'em know
If you love it, let it go
At an all-time low and all I know is, all I know
I do what I love, came from below and then rose up above
Created a world no one has been to
Everything that I'm into, everything that I've been through
Bring it back like, let it shine like a Bat Light
Reminiscing on that night, gotta take flight
Everybody probably wonder what I'm living like
In the middle of the night, I might write
Despite what they say is right and wrong
Despite they wonder (Wonder)

Who am I—so high (So high)
I said they wonder who am I—so high
We'd like to be painters, we'd like to be poets. We'd like to be writers, but as everybody knows—we can't earn any money that way. What do you want to do? When we finally got down to something which the individual says he really wants to do, I will say to him you do that—and uh—forget the money. If you say that getting the money is the most important thing, you will spend your life completely wasting your time...
You'll be doing things you don't like doing in order to go on living, that is to go on doing things you don’t like doing, which is stupid! It is absolutely stupid! Better to have a short life that is full of what you like doing than a long life spent in a miserable way. And after all, if you do really like what you’re doing, it doesn't matter what it is—somebody is interested in everything—anything you can be interested in, you will find others who are...
But, it's absolutely stupid to spend your time doing things you don't like and to teach our children to follow in the same track. See, what we are doing is, is we're bringing up children and educating them to live the same sort of lives we are living—in order that they may justify themselves and find satisfaction in life, by bringing up their children, to bring up "their" children, to do the same thing. So, it's all retch and no vomit—it never gets there. Therefore, it's so important to consider this question...
"What do I desire?"

The Incredible True Story
And Transformation of the Man Who Saved the World


Surface contact in 400 meters...
300 meters...
200 meters...
Time of day is 6:28 Constant Meridian
328 feet...
Oxygen: 100%
Temperature is 17 degrees Celsius
Man... what are the chances that there's some big-ass creature out there that's going to eat us?
100%
(Laughter)

Fuck...

Clear skies—
Kai, which Tarantino film do you think Logic liked best?
I would definitely have to probably have to say Kill Bill
114 feet—
Man, stylistically he's like—what’s the name of that bitch? The lead character? I forgot her name, but he's like that bitch—with like some Kung-Fu shit he's like with his raps. It's fucking crazy!
You know in—in Pulp Fiction I mean—the way Tarantino constructed his shots, it's the same feel for me with his raps you know? There's thought behind it...
No, I could see that, I could see that but...
But nah man, fuck that man! Kill Bill was the shit!!
Especially like knives throwing and dodging and shit—and then fucking hot chicks fucking fighting each other and cutting each other's heads off! What the fuck is that?!

Yeah, fuck it—

Prepare for surface landing!

You're right, hot chicks and Kung-Fu, can't beat that...

Yeah, can't beat that at all...
Surface contact in:
10... 9... 8... 7... 6...
5... 4... 3... 2... 1!

Are you ready for this?

Are you?
(Sounds of birds chirping, air, etc.)

Wait, wait—what's that sound?
(Sounds grow, then abruptly stop)

Life...50Embed