105 ContributorsWho Am I (What’s My Name)? Lyrics
Ee-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya, The Dogg Pound's in the house (The bomb)
Ee-ya-ya-ya-ya-ya, The Dogg Pound's in the house
Snoop Doggy Dogg (The bomb)
Snoop Doggy Dogg (Dog)

From the depths of the sea, back to the block
Snoop Doggy Dogg, funky as the, the, The D.O.C. 
Went solo on that ass, but it's still the same
Long Beach is the spot where I serve my 'caine
Follow me, follow me, follow me, follow me, but don't lose your grip
Nine-trizzay's the yizzear for me to fuck up shit
So I ain't holdin nothin' back
And motherfucker, I got five on a twenty sack
It's like that and as a matter of fact (Rat-tat-tat-tat)
'Cause I never hesitate to put a nigga on his back
Yeah, so peep out the manuscript
You see that it's a must we drop gangsta shit
What's my motherfuckin' name?

Snoop Doggy Dogg (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Snoop Doggy Dogg (The bomb)
Da-da-da-da-da, do-do-do-do
Doo-doo-doo-da-da (Dog)
You might also like
It's the bow to the wow, creepin' and crawlin'
Yiggy-yes, y'allin', Snoop Doggy Dogg in
The motherfuckin' house like every day
Droppin' shit with my nigga Mr. Dr. Dre
Like I said, niggas can't fuck with this
And niggas can't fuck with that
Shit that I drop 'cause ya know it don't stop
Mr. One Eight Seven on a motherfuckin' cop
Tick-tock, never the Glock, just some nuts and a cock
Robbin' motherfuckers, then I kill dem bloodclots
Then I step through the fog and I creep through the smog
'Cause I'm Snoop Doggy (Who?) Doggy (What?) Doggy Dogg

Snoop Doggy Dogg
Snoop Doggy Dogg (The bomb)
Bow-wow-wow, yippie-yo-yippie-yay
Bow-wow-wow, yippie-yo (The bomb)
Bow-wow-wow, yippie-yo-yippie-yay
Bow-wow-wow, yippie-yo-yo-yo-yo (Dog)

Now just throw your hands in the motherfuckin' air
And wave the motherfuckers like ya just don't care (Dog)
Yeah, roll up the dank and pour the drank
And watch your stank (Why?) 'cause Doggy's on the gank
My bank roll's on swoll
My shit's on hit, legit, now I'm on parole, stroll
With Tha Dogg Pound right behind me
And up in your bitch is where ya might find me
Layin' that, playin' that G Thang
She want the nigga with the biggest nuts, and guess what?
He is I and I am him
Slim with the tilted brim, what's my motherfuckin' name?
Snoop Doggy Dogg (The bomb)
Snoop Doggy Dogg
Snoop Doggy Dogg (The bomb)
Snoop Doggy Dogg (Dog)
Da-da-da-da-da, do-do-do-do
Doo-doo-doo-da-da (The bomb)
Da-da-da-da-da, do-do-do-do
Doo-doo-doo-da-da (Dog, the bomb)

Doggy Dogg (Bow-wow-wow, yippie-yo, yippie-yay)
Doggy Dogg (Bow-wow-wow, yippie-yo, the bomb)
Doggy Dogg (Bow-wow-wow, yippie-yo, yippie-yay)
Bow-wow-wow, yippie-yo (The Bomb)
What is his name? (Dog)
Snoopy Dogg and the Dogg Pound (Dog, the bomb)
Oh, Snoopy Dogg
Snoopy Dogg, Snoopy Dogg (The bomb)
Yeah, yeah, I know his name (Dog)
C'mon Snoopy, c'mon Snoopy (The bomb)
And the Dogg Pound, Snoopy Dogg (The bomb)
Snoopy Dogg, Snoopy Dogg (Dog)
Dog, nasty dog, doggy dog49Embed