8 ContributorsPenitentiary Lyrics"Attention all nigga row's and nigga hoe's
We've decided to rob this motherfucker the legal way
Not subjecting ourselves to become properly owned stock
In the penal system. In the justice system"
Penitentiary, I hear you calling me (x4)

As the world turns, it burns while it's spinning
Coming to a fucked-up ending
I can't wait till the day everything in the hood is straight
And I can hit the pearly gates
Until then, the pen is unfair
Slave ships in the middle of nowhere (mama)
I lets my goddamn hair grow (mama)
Bellin' in court, lookin' like a scarecrow
On Capital Hill, they done passed a bill
Coming at me with a fucked-up deal (what)
The judge gave me a 'L'
But y'all can't tell
I wait and cry in my cell
Convicted negro, superhero
Speaker of the house
Hate the lyrics in my mouth
Bitches in the south showin' ass (mmm)
Mix-a-Lot, got hoes puttin titties on the glass
We blast in the west for example
And rap about this shit over funkadelic samples
Yo' babies see me kill a fool on TV (West side!)
And straight call me a G
You might also like
Penitentiary, I hear you calling me
Penitentiary, I hear you calling me
Thinkin' of illegal ways to get paid
But it ain't shit, got to be legit

In South-central L.A
You can buy your game from the C.I.A., hey-hey
In South-central L.A
You can buy your game from the C.I.A. baby


When the evil outweighs the good
And you only give a fuck about the bucks
The Earth will self-destruct (bitch!)
Fuck the ozone layer, bitch I'm a playa (bitch!)
Plus we got a black mayor
I get sex when I show flex (Booom!)
Port Bay Rolex (Booom!)
Which ho is next?
Treat you like a piece of meat, not a mate
Calling you a ho 'cos I'm fucking on the first date
My world is a one-mile radius
I swear every other hood is the shadiest
Could the Crips and Bloods be all rotten
When the trilateral commission is plottin'?
What you gonna do when the Earth erupts?
Some niggas gettin' nuts outa styrofoam cups (punk)
Fool you want monster swoll
But won't even think about, socking Bob Dole (punk)
Asshole from the Senate
How can you relate to a project tennant?
Motherfuck you and the Department of Corrections
Tryina' get a section of this west-side connection
 x2

Just because you gotta stay
You ain't gotta rot away
We gon' come and get you one day
(repeat until fade)Embed