194 ContributorsPerfect Circle / God Speed Lyrics

Ooh—ooh—ooh—ooh—ooh
Ooh—ooh—ooh
Yeah (krow ot og attog uoy ,gninrom eht s'ti ,niV, oY)
Ooh—ooh—ooh—ooh—ooh
Ooh—ooh (Fuck you) Yeah

I came for whoever is in charge (Here)
Suggest you go and get yourself a weapon and a guard (Here)
They need some coffee, everybody sleepin' on me
Goin' round door-to-door, settin' off alarms (Beep, beep, beep)
All that horse shit, you shoulda left it at the barn
Keep a stallion, tell her gallop to the store and get cigars, yeah
Too many whips, gotta get a new garage made (That's the ball game)
I might steal one just to drive it in a car chase
Me and my bizarre ways (Lord have mercy)
I moved up from a Private to a Sergeant, you can see it from the scarface
Hidden in a dark place, swimmin' in a shark tank
Give a bitch a little bit of change, she a game in a arcade
(Time crisis) Not a second to lose
I'm the motherfuckin' Bible, that's forever the truth (Amen)
And this is not another case of the celebrity blues
The devil wit' me and he tell me to shoot, boom
You might also like
Murder, murder, murder, murder (Oh yeah), what would you do?
Have you ever had to hurt her? Just for somethin' to do
Can you draw a perfect circle?
Lot of lies cover the truth, you got options, what do you do?
I wash these pills down with liquor and fall (I do)
Leave it to me, I do enough for us all (I do)
Got what you need if you like breakin' the law
My mother raised me a God (Hey)
(Fuck you)

Yeah
Blame the drugs, got me sinnin' on a weekday
Drunk as fuck, do a buck sixty on the freeway (Skrrt)
Givin' y'all the freebase, hidden in the middle of a briefcase
That's hidden in a subwoofer, beat case
Used to wanna know how a freak taste
Now I'm in it in an instant like replay
Broad's a baton, pass her off like relay
Why I'm so mad on my B-Day?, she say
"I thought you got sober," then I said
"I wish you'd stop bein' a bitch and get to mindin' your business"
Told me, "Money has changed ya"
I get to thinkin', how rarely do I visit? How'd I get so egotistical?
I'm a Buffalo Soldier
Heaven is a mile away, the trouble, much closer
I'm only twenty-three but my mind is older, and it'll forever be
Dead presidents to the homies, death to my enemies
Murder, murder, murder, murder (Oh yeah), what would you do?
Have you ever had to hurt her? Just for somethin' to do
Can you draw a perfect circle?
Lot of lies cover the truth, you got options, what do you do?
I wash these pills down with liquor and fall
Leave it to me, I do enough for us all
Got what you need if you like breakin' the law
My mother raised me a God (Hey)
(Fuck you)

A goddess told me "Good mornin'" when I woke up
(Fuck you)
You know I had a good mornin' when I woke up
(Fuck you)
Gotta thank God every mornin' then I woke up
(Fuck you)
Would you remember me if I never woke up?
Bye-bye (Fuck you)
I've been a sinner, I'm just tryna stay
Warm through the winter, and I'll be on my way
I'm just a drifter, in endless seas of whispers
I just need some shelter, give me shelter from the wind

Ooh—ooh—ooh—ooh—ooh (Hahaha)
Ooh—ooh—ooh
Woo—ooh—ooh—ooh—ooh
Ooh—ooh—woo—woo
Your call has been forwarded to an automatic voice message system
412-9... *buttons dialed* is not available

Yeah, man, I wish you were here, happy holidays
Um, I love ya
And I hope you have a good night/weekend/I hope I talk to you soon
Alright, godspeed

Ah, yeah
I thought I'd have it figured out by now
Shit would be simple, problems would be in the past by now
Me and the homies would be sittin' on millions
Reminiscin' on times when we were so broke and livin' in Oakland just chillin'
I thought I'd have it in the bag by now
I thought that we'd be kickin' back by now
I know that life is a bitch
I know that life is a bitch, I thought we'd put her in a cab by now
But I'm stressin', I can't relax
Swallowin' my pride and I'm hidin' what's makin' me mad
Everybody sayin' I need rehab
'Cause I'm speedin' with a blindfold on
It won't be long until they watchin' me crash
And they don't wanna see that
They don't want me to OD and have to talk to my mother
Tell her they coulda done more to help me
And she'd just be cryin'
Sayin' that she'd do anything to have me back
All the nights I'm losin' sleep
It was all a dream, there was a time that I believed that
But white lines be numbin' them dark times
The pills that I'm poppin', I need to man up
Admit it's a problem, I need to wake up
Before one mornin' I don't wake up
You make your mistakes, your mistakes never make ya
I'm too obsessed with goin' down as a great one
But if you wait too long they gon' find someone to replace ya
So I guess this is a letter
To all my brothers, Most Dope, that's forever
I love you more than words could express
And this the part that Q start cryin' if he ain't already yet
I did my best to be a leader you respect
At times I became weaker, got defeated by regret
So tell my baby I love her
And if she give me the chance I'll put a seed inside her, make her a mother
Just know that there's a place
Where all my people worry free and e'rybody straight
Every devil don't got horns, every hero ain't got capes
Open up my eyes, shit, I'm finally awake, good mornin'
Yeah, good mornin'

Yo, Vin, it's the morning, you gotta go to work
Alright
Yo, you gotta—you gotta be at work in like ten minutes, yo
I'm good, man
You good?
I'm straight, yo, what's good?
When you going?
You gotta go pick up the dry cleaning and shit still?
Man, fuck that shit, I'll skip
You 'bout to go to work?
Mmm
Aight, what time you gotta be at work?
I don't know... soon
You Democrat or Republican?
Uh... I don't know anymore
Would you vote for a female president?
Mmm, I don't care what gender or race you are36Embed