32 ContributorsWho Got the Camera? Lyrics
See if there's a black-and-white that can do a drive-by
People are gonna have to die on this one
As long as it ain't me ahead, I don't give a shit, just part of the job
Are you resisting arrest?
I haven't beaten anyone this bad in a long time
Ah, come on, those beatings, those people were resisting arrest! (Uh)
When we get together, doin' our thing
In order to help each other

Driving down the motherfuckin' highway
The flyway, "Hey, bitch, you goin' my way?"
Now I got a passenger
I looked at the miniskirt, and I'm askin' her
"Would you like to hit the fat bud?
Or perhaps can I run your name through the mud?
I mean, are you giving up the nappy dugout?"
She said, "No," "Well then, get the fuck out!
'Cause I know where the hoes be fiendin'
Plus your fat ass got my six-deuce leanin'"
Bust a U on the avenue
Why, oh, why, it ain't shit to do
Bumping Sir Jinx's latest mix
And you thought that shit played out in '86
Looking for my dogs
Looked up in the mirror, being followed by the hogs
One time's on my motherfucking line
Why the fuck the swine had to get behind a nigga like me?
They must think it's a G
They both walk up with the G-L-O-C
(Get out of the car! There was a robbery; the nigga looked just like you!
All right, put your hands up, take your pants down, spread your cheeks!)
Started they investigation:
No driver's license, no registration
When I stepped out the car, they slammed me
Goddamn y'all, who got the camera?
You might also like
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
Who got the camera?
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"

No lights, no camera, no action
And the pigs wouldn't believe that my slave name is Jackson
He said, "Don't lie to me!
I'm looking for John, Matty, or Spike Lee"
The motherfuckers called for backup
I guess they planned to beat the mack up
He called me a silly-ass thug
And pulled out his billy-ass club
Tearing up my coupe looking for the chronic
Goddamn, nobody got a Panasonic?!
Found an empty can of Old Gold
Came around and put my ass in a choke hold
Fucked around and broke my pager
Then they hit a nigga with a Taser
The motherfucking pigs was trying to hurt me
I fell to the ground and said, "Lord, have mercy!"
They hit me in the face, y'all
But to them, it ain't nothin' but (just a friendly game of baseball)
Crowd stood around; I said, "God damn ya!
Who got the camera?"
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
Who the fuck got the camera?
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"

I knew when I saw that deputy smirkin'
That they was gonna put some work in
Mr. Law had to hit me in the jaw
'Cause I called them faggots with guns and badges
They played Rat-a-tat-tat on me head
But if I had the gatty-gat-gat, they'd be dead
A victim of a big fat 187
And little devils don't go to Heaven
Last night it was eleven, but they wasn't scaring me
So they tried the flashlight therapy
I looked at the black one, call him a traitor
I don't give a fuck if you got a Beta!
Just take my fucking picture
So I can go downtown and pitch a bitch about
The one that called me a spook
His name is Officer David Duke
If the crowd wasn't around, he would've shot me
Tried to play me out like my name was Rodney
Fucking police gettin' badder
'Cause if I had a camera, the shit wouldn't matter (Bitch!)
Uhh, who got my nine?
Who got my nine?
Y'all done did it this time, heh
Who the fuck got my nine?3Embed