10 ContributorsThe Nigga of the Century Lyrics
Say you little son of a bitch, what choo tryin' to be?
--when I'm big I wanna be a thug--
--you wanna be a thug, huh?! (yeah yeah)
What choo know (about) a thug, huh?! (yeah yeah)
You wanna see the bad guy?!
Look at Ice Cube (yeah yeah), that's the bad guy!
You need people like him, can point cha fingas!
Huh?! (yeah yeah) the fuck you know about this shit?!
You ready to die?! O - K A Y
Where is that, you ready?
Cuz they ain't touch the bad guy!!! oKay?--
I'm the nigga of the century
--oh, so zhuu a bad guy, c'mon prove it
C'mon, you think you bad?
How bad you are?!--
I'm the nigga of the century
-c'mon lets see how bad you are
C'mon bad guy! C'MOAWNL!!!--
You might also like
We the worsest, all purpose
You want murderers?
Well you Serve us, hattin' motherfuckers with curb dust
You heard us, don't shit make us nervous
Not even when these fuckin' feds try to serve us
Mention me, when you write it in your history
As a nigga with the key to the mystery
Grand motta ain word don't mean shit to me
Who gives a fuck what they think, and what they see
Live how I got to live
Give what I got to give
Teach my kids positive, as well as the negative
Hope to raise better kids
The world needs a seditive, pray to god that we let him live
--Cuz you bad guy!-- I'm the nigga of the century
--The diamond scruff!-- All you niggas better mention me
--Me that's who!-- It ain't no mystery
Goin' down in history, niggas better mention me
--You better mention me!-- I'm the nigga of the century
--O - K A Y !!!-- All you niggas better mention me
--Me that's who!-- It ain't no mystery
Goin' down in history, niggas better mention me
A nigga told me to keep hope alive
Survive, a 9-to-5'll get you paradise
So I tried, nigga had to swallow his pride
But look into my eyes, I'm too wise to cook fries
Twelveth grade graduation, summer vacation
Mama said get the facin' on them applications
Didn't know back then, I was too young
Public school made me dumb as a motherfucker
What should I do in my life
Reverend Price, do you got some advice
Before I roll the dice
A nigga don't wanna shoot craps, cuz it ain't all fun and games
When you tryin' to get that money mang
Gangbang, maintain or slang cane
T.V. got a nigga where he can't use his brain
What the fuck you talkin' bout, choose or loose
Bitch I don't know the motherfuckin' rules! (for real)
--Cuz you bad guy!-- I'm the nigga of the century
--The diamond scruff!-- All you niggas better mention me
--Me that's who!-- It ain't no mystery
Goin' down in history, niggas better mention me
--You better mention me!-- I'm the nigga of the century
--O - K A Y !!!-- All you niggas better mention me
--Me that's who!-- It ain't no mystery
Goin' down in history, niggas better mention me
Who am I when it's do or die
You can see a man's sould thru the human eye
Can't spend all your lifetime gettin' high
Cuz you and I got to do, for you and I
Acktin' wild as a jevenile
Now my whole life depends on the outcome of a trial
Wait-pow! these people ain't playin' now
Got to bring 85 percent of the time now
Fuck that, rather roll with the ruff pack
In the jet black, listenin' to ruff rap
See it's quite simple, you bitches ass niggas don't know
What i've been thru, the weather's presedential
The warfare's mental, I sell my soul to the lord
For the perfect instrumental
And the number two pencil
And all the hussle found in chromasones of my kinfolk
--Cuz you bad guy!-- I'm the nigga of the century
--The diamond scruff!-- All you niggas better mention me
--Me that's who!-- It ain't no mystery
Goin' down in history, niggas better mention me
--You better mention me!-- I'm the nigga of the century
--O - K A Y !!!-- All you niggas better mention me
--Me that's who!-- It ain't no mystery
Goin' down in history, niggas better mention me
--yeah, ok ok ok ok, call loko take it easy mang, choo got it!
Choo leave it the fuckin' illest nigga to fuckin' shit you!
Dess no problem withs that! gawn'na fuck dat!
June have a fuckin' heart attack
It's over! EVERYBODY KNOWS NOW!
It's no fuckin' secret
Joo know dis motherfucker, O - K A Y ?!!
It's over! that's it, die !!!
BANG !!! BANG !!! BANG !!! BANG !!! BANG !!!--
(Ice Cube - 'Pushsin Weight' sample) {4:03}
~I got that bomb...bomb...tit-tit...
Tity-tit...tity-tity...tity bomb...bomb...bomb
W-when I hit you uhh uhh uhh...~Embed