26 ContributorsCave Bitch Lyrics
Give me a black goddess, sister, I can't resist her. No stringy haired, blonde hair, blue eyed, pale skinned buttermilk complexion. Grafted, recessive, depressive, ironing board backside, straight up and straight down. No frills, no thrills, Miss six o'clock, subject to have the itch, mutanoid, caucazoid, white cave bitch...

Ease back white bitch, I don't play that!
Just because I got on my L.A. hat
"Stalkin', walkin' in my big black boots"
Is my jingle, now you want Mandingo
Big, black and handsome
I should hold your devil ass for ransome
Sorta like Patty Hearst, but I'll burst first, bitch!
And you know what's worse?
I'm coming from the land where the choppers roam
So fuck you, bitch, and your Coppertone
Stringy hair, no derrier, frontin' and fakin' with your silicone pair
Do I wanna fuck? Not hardly
That's kinda like Barbie fuckin' Bob Marley
It ain't gonna happen, I keep rappin'
Motherfuck Tennille, but see, I'm the Captain of this ship
And I'm true to the game
Y'all all look the same
Standin' by my backstage door, hopin' I will switch
Spread out, you little cave bitch!

Why every time we get famous
You wanna play us like Andy and Amos?
The devil sent you to try and tame us
But you can't tame me, with no bitch named Amy
Lookin' for the dark meat
But ho, I ain't tryin' to go out like Barkley
'Cause every time I turn on the TV
I see several brothers with she-devils
Smilin' 'cause you out on a date
But sooner or later, the bitch'll yell "Rape!"
Soon as daddy found out you a jigaboo
He'll kill like he did Emmitt Till
Yeah, he tried to kick bass
But the bitch probably threw it in his face
Southern Belle ain't nothin' but a trick
Nasty as hell, stanky little cave bitch!
You might also like
Brian G, break it down!
"White bitches have no butt and no chest"
"White bitches have no butt and no chest" (Uh)
"White bitches have no butt and no chest"
"White bitches have no butt and no chest"

Now, don't think that I hate you
'Cause I won't date you, bitch, I gotta stay true
You can be a fan, but don't expand
And try to get my dick in your hand!
You better run to the minute man
Pale as snow, so act like y'know
'Cause if I slap it, flip it, and rub it like that
Yeah, it gotta be black; plus, yo ass too flat!
I need a butt big enough that can clap
Rat-a-tat-tat! You can't get mine, hoe
I'd rather fuck an albino
At least I know, she's comin' from the Nubian
And not the Ku Klux Klan that you be in
And I don't give a fuck if your family is rich
You're still a little cave bitch!1Embed