20 ContributorsMake It Ruff, Make It Smooth LyricsIntro: K-Dee, Ice Cube

MAKE IT RUFF
Whassup?
What?
Hahahaha, k-dee baby!
MAKE IT RUFF

Verse One: Ice Cube, K-Dee
I make niggas say 'woof' cos I'm in the coupe with no roof
Cos I'm ruff, and nigga you can buck these nuts
If you comin with that smooth shit, hard core rules shit
[I make the hoes say 'hay' each and every day
Bitch cos I'm the k-dee, no I'm not a g]
Mothafuckin wannabe mack
I gots ta fuck...you...right on up, punk ya lucky that cha livin
Cause I'm the unforgiven; I like power, ain't a damn thing funny
[I like pussy and money
And I won't slam like onyx or never ever stutter
But I'm b-b-butter;
Leader of the new school, you hard core fool!]
Nigga make it ruff! 
MAKE IT RUFF 
You might also likeVerse Two: K-Dee, Ice Cube

You can lick me up and down till I yell stop!
Damn bitch ya missed a drop...cos I don't play when I sway
It's the quicker picker upper;
A pro that moves slow before this ho I'm quick
To dump her; so eeny-meeny-miney-mo, where's my dough?
I gots ta make a livin, I out ta get mo;
Money, and got more nuts for ya honey; so
Come and break me off, this nigga's walkin soft;
It's the smoothness that make niggas move to this;
For you ruffnecks, i'll check you with my tool and shit;
Don't sweat 'em, just let 'em play that hardcore
Role; we still cool, but just make it smooth...

You know what, it's like a jungle sometimes it makes me wonder
How I keep from goin under, I'm chocolate thunder;
Ruff as sin, cuts on ya skin
And I blend with the tracks, see I'm black
K-dee is the mack; matter fact
Niggas hit me up with the c's and b's
But you don't wanna fuck wit these
Cos i'll put 'em on ya
And we'll have to wake ya mothafuckin ass up with ammonia
Cos hardcore rap is always on the map and it don't stop
Devoid of pop; and if I drop another smooth hit
It'll still be hard, cos I helped start this shit;
So make it ruff 
Make it ruff! 
Make it ruff! 
MAKE IT RUFF

MAKE IT- MAKE IT RUFF

Verse Three: Ice Cube, K-Dee
I hate when niggas get too fuckin sexy on the track, I'm pro black
I like hittin switches
Hard rhyme sayer!
[I thought you knew, but ain't no thang, you knew the way I swang;
Creepin, ain't no sleepin, ain't a damn thing changed; I hit ho after
Ho with this laid-back shit.]
Fool, I kill at will and still can fade that shit; cos it's the
Predator, I edit(?) her, so nigga watch yo step!
It ain't no sweat for me to buck buck nigga don't give a fuck; you
Better duck duck or get your ass stuck stuck!
[Don't let the smooth shit fool ya, cos I can get it on; cos I be
Breakin bones like dragonfly jones; quick to put em on ya.]
Don't make me act a fool! nigga, make it ruff!

MAKE IT RUFF
Make it ruff 
MAKE- MAKE IT- MAKE IT RUFF
...make it ruff 
MAKE IT RUFF
Ice cube's up in this motherfucker

MAKE IT RUFF 
MAKE IT RUFF 
MAKE- MAKE IT RUFF- RUFF
MAKE- MAKE IT RUFF 
MAKE IT RUFF- RUFF 

1Embed