8 ContributorsMr. Hood Meets Onyx Lyrics

Yo, Subroc, yo put that right there for me. Yo! Yo! Yo dude I know you did it, open the door for me, get the door...

Ah, what up what up what up what up. Ayo Busta, I want y'all to meet my man, the man of Mr. Piocalles, man. His name is Mr. Hood. Yo, Busta, Mr. Hood, Subroc (What is his name?)

Onyx, the birthstone kid, man, how you feeling. Yeah, I know, I know my man I still be driving that car, right? Ayo, just make yourself at home, pull up a crate, and chill with the posse, and have a seat to relax. (I would like the bottle of wine) Aw, this nigga coming asking for wine. (Do you have beer?) Nah, I ain't got no beer, but I got two, two Goya Nectars, know what I'm saying, that... (Excuse me, your shirt is dirty. Where is the washroom?) Ahahah, I knew my man'd be snapping yours, should I get this man? Should I get this man? Hol' up, I know they know them teepee shirts you got on. Yo, pull your waist up or the shirt down 'cause that shirt is too small. And where is the tiger? Where is the tiger? Where's the tiger on that... (May I ask you a question?) What's the question, what what? (Toothbrush.) Toothbrush? Tooth paste! Black as your gums is, you talking about toothbrush, yo, go brush your jammies, G (Where can I get tooth paste?) You best to go suck out the Crest Master Pump (What size are those slippers?) Slippers? Boy, these is Clarks! (They are too small) They ain't got nothing on-- too small? (Also, they are very cheap) Nah nah nah, very cheap? Yo I'd rather be walking in these, than pedaling that big hooptie you got outside, you ain't got nothing on these, G (I have a late model Ford) I know it's a late model Ford, late T Ford (And you? What kind of a car do you have?) I'd rather be pimp-strutting on hot black tar (The motor is brand new) Yeah, but that's late too, ain't it (Your mother likes to visit the old churches) Yo, I know he ain't just dissed my mother. I know he ain't just dissed my mother! My man, get no skins, you only had one girl, what's her name? What's her name? Yeah, Monique Bradley (It doesn't matter) You got burned from her, it does matter, and you better get a cut, cut some of that Peachfuzz right off the side of your head

Yo, yo let's get outta here, man, yo (I am interested in seeing the barbershop)

Yo, before you leave, see this man right here. Let Subroc do you some justice, let him catch a dome, please, please! (Later) Later? What?! Now!You might also likeEmbed