6 ContributorsLimos, Demos & Bimbos Lyrics
(Hey did you hear that?)
Yeah just get the fuckin door *car door opens and closes*

Limos, demos and bimbos! (Hey slow this motherfucker down man)
Limos, demos and bimbos! (ugh ugh ugh ugh)
Hit the sunroof, and let's contemplate the freaks we can run through
Got the chauffer pullin over
Snatch one inside, she wanna ride with this mission
Close the partition, he like to listen
All fuckin, no kissin, just smokin and drinkin
Super vets in a super stretch Lincoln
Thinkin bout the good ol' days of hip hop
In its purest form before the eye of the storm
I could give a fuck about you hatin, on my way
To the Colliseum with seventeen-five waitin
They scream for the limousine, it's all clean
Tinted, your shit is rented, you know we spend it
While you worry bout the five mics, I'm in the limelight
Wit movies comin out, yo' time is runnin out
I just finished doin "Live At The Apollo"
Indication from my driver damn we're bein followed
 You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life
 I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life
 You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life
 I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life
You might also likeLimos, demos and bimbos! (I'm only fuckin with the...)
Limos, demos and bimbos! (I'm livin so trife, ugh ugh ugh ugh)

Caught him in motion, had me potent, let him know about the showin
And how I'm knowin to keep it cracked open
Cans of ass-beatin, plus on how I crash meetins
And have your whole staff leavin half-breathin
Got shit to hold my own, big bucks
But Khop's soon to run it through em, nigga check nuts
Put to the test then put two to rest
Wiped out with lights out, two to the chest
Hold it now tell a few, legitimate
We loaded, for revenue, let's get this shit
And split this shit for three days, count it three ways
Nigga fuck what he say, havin heat pays
It's all about the thoroughbred, top choice with the voice
That keep twats moist
Mr. Short Khop expected the truest, dare you niggas step to us
I stay connected til death do us
 You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life
 I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life
 You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life
 I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life
Limos, demos and bimbos! (I'm only fuckin with the...)
Limos, demos and bimbos! (I'm livin so trife I need JESUS, JESUS)

The alley was pitch black, I'm in the back of this black Lac
These fuckers pull up in a Ac
They don't understand the impact
Two thousand dollar three-piece suit, can you spend that?
They call me the Don Mega (Don Mega) *motorcycle speeding past*
Cos I'm down to play a double-header in stormy weather
Superstar, goddamn them niggas got me
Stop the car and blast the paparazzi *gun shots, motorcycle*
 You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life
 I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life
 You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life
 I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life
Limos, demos and bimbos! (I'm only fuckin with the...)
Limos, demos and bimbos! (I'm livin so trife I need Jesus, ugh)Embed