19 ContributorsWhere Ya At? Lyrics
Where ya ass was at, when we was climbing across the gates?
Where ya ass was at, when we was in the grass waiting?
Where ya ass was at then?, Now you here today
Where ya ass was at, when the hood was going crazy?
Where ya ass was at? Ion care, Ion know
Where the cash at? I'm coming to get it, y'all know
Where ya ass was at? couldn't see ya went ghost
Where ya ass was at, when we was giving smoke?
Where ya ass was at, when we was posted on the Front?
Where ya ass was at, when we was on Lamron?
Where ya ass was at, when we ain't have a job?
Where ya ass was at, when all my niggas had to rob?
Where ya ass was at, like I was looking for ya?
Where ya ass was at? I grab the TEC and bring it to ya
On our mob shit, finna cut ya dick and feed it to ya
Got a scope up on the choppa, it look up and see the fools
Where ya ass was at, when grandma drove a school bus?
Where ya ass was at, when mama was a booster?
Where ya ass was at, when pops was a loser?
Where ya ass was at, when my teacher said I couldn't do shit?
Where ya ass was at, when I was stealing?
Where ya ass was at, when I was drilling?
Now I pull up in a foreign, off pilling
I count the cash, to get my mind off drilling
Where ya ass was at, when we was in the streets?
It hit like a possum, running threw the streets
Where ya ass was at, when we was taking D money?
Make ya bitch say '"Oh my God", 'cause I get O-M-G money
Roc-A-Fella, PPV money
Where ya ass was at, when I was starting phenoms?
Only time you ball, is like hair on LeBron
Where ya ass was at, when they was giving me time?
Where ya ass was at, when I was using coupons?
Where ya ass was at, when we made his whole crew run?
Where ya ass was at, like I was searching?
You can get 45 shots, 5 Curtis' (Bang!)
Where ya ass was at, when I was using the same sheets?
Coming back with all that Sosa, boy we want the same streets
I'm coming to get a billion, you gotta change streets
It ain't matter when I been, it's where I ain't be
It ain't matter when I been, it's where I ain't be
I'm legally blind, bitch, I can't see
I'm legally blind, bitch, I can't see
Bang!, Bang Bang!You might also like3Embed