15 ContributorsTake The World With Me Lyrics
Some Outsidaz shit
I started hearing laughter in my head
Somebody laughing at me
Always laughing at me
I’m ‘bout to go crazy
So I started to set it on niggas, nah mean?
Pacewon!

I’m high like Redman
Tripping with a tab of acid in my headband
(‘Bout to lose my mind)
The name’s Pacewon, I’ll kick that ass quickly
When I die I’ma try to take the whole world with me (Me!)
Raw rhymes, penetrate the kidney
When I die I’ma try to take the whole world with me
(I got plans to lock it down) Take it with me
Take it with me, the whole world with me

Yeah, I be hitting you with rude shit
I be rolling like crews with new whips, call it stupid
But I mastered the fantastic ghetto bastard raw rap style to kick that ass with
Rough as Brillo, nympho spreading like info
More than the Jacksons got kinfolk
Your crew not strong, they stink like your mother feet
When she walk in shoes with no socks on
Light as popcorn, me! Disciplining fresh MCs
That you’d be scared to rock for
You might also like
(Who dat?) I’m low down and I’m shifty
When I die I’ma try to take the whole world with me
(Me!) Most MCs get slapped ‘cause they sissy
When I die I’ma try to take the whole world with me
Take the world, take it with me
Take it with me, set it!

Yeah! Eminem!
Dirty Dozen! Yeah!

I’m in the sound-proof booth without a roof
Drunk off 180-proof vodka with Dr. Ruth (What!)
We in the vocal room inhaling Magic Markers
Sitting in the dark lighting our blunts with sparklers
We got my man Pacewon behind the boards
Cause we tied the engineer up with output cords (Outsidaz, what!)
Bizarre’s in the lobby with the Beatles, smoking bowls
Poking holes in his veins with dirty needles
We get all doped up from popping uppers
And run a train on Foxy Brown without rubbers (Uh, uh-huh, yeah)
Smoking homegrown drugs
That’s why you can barely tell what the fuck we’re saying, like Bone-Thugs (Uh!)
Hitting blunts ’til my lungs contort, smoke
Then take one more short toke before I snort coke (What!)
Shit, I been doing lines all day (What!)
My mind’s all clay from smelling Pine-Sol spray (What!)
What! No, hold up, hold up, hold up (Hold up!)
Smoking laced weed wrapped up in a Fruit Roll-Up
My lungs are all swole-up and ‘bout to bust open
I’m just hoping I don’t die from snorting crushed Motrin
I need drugs, somebody fix me
When I die, I’ma try to take the whole world with me (Me!)
Twelve blunts, plus I’m bringing your girl with me
When I die, I’ma try to take the whole world with me
I’m not coming back, so don’t send no one to get me
When I die, I’ma try to take the whole world with me (Gimme dat)
Fuck that, give me all my shit free
When I die, I’ma try to take the whole world with me

Wack MCs, there’s a new sheriff in town
Put your guns down or die with a ill frown
The Outsidaz doing uppers and downers (Uh-huh, yeah)
Clowners, even master’s scared to hang around us (Ugh!)
I’m a slob that don’t have a job (What!)
Peek through your windows, steal the good from your mom (Ma!)
We the starters, y’all niggas hit the benches
Smacking more hoes than Joe Jackson at feminine convention
Clouds and mushrooms, I just can’t see
Pull me out the bathroom, I’m ‘bout to OD (D!)
Nasty, dirty, some say I’m filthy
Every time I drop the rap, Outs be like… (Ill, B!)
Brain’s too high, have no fear
Eat the pussy of a girl with burning gonorrhea
I made a box with a thugger on DD
Our crew’s more stupid on wax than Cowdy from Lion King
Who’s the big guy high off chocolate Thai
If you disrespect me, you’ll lyrically die (Die!)
Somebody hide me, somebody get me
When I die, I take the whole world with me (Me!)
I’m ‘bout to do your girl named Cindy
When I die, I take the whole world with me (Lockin' it down!)
You bomb my set, I give her Good-N-Plenty
When I die, I take the whole world with me
You know my flow is so ill
MCs on the microphone and get verbally killed (Killed!)

All y’all niggas’ll get killed
Fucking with the Dirty D
Pacewon up in this motherfucker
All motherfuckers better act like they know
You MC, I don’t give a fuck where you from
Close to me or far from me
I’ma see your wack ass
Pacewon! Pacewon!4Embed