58 ContributorsAdventures Lyrics
And we're floating out to nowhere
No safety, fall, we'll land safely

Inadequate, feeling so unwanted (Yeah-yeah)
Think I want to disappear (Yeah-yeah)
From the fire calling (Yeah-yeah)
Damn, that is so unfair
Inadequate, feeling he is so unwanted (Yeah-yeah)
Think I want to disappear (Yeah-yeah)
From the fire calling (Yeah-yeah)
Damn, that is so unfair
How could I care? How could I care?
How could I care?

And we're floating out to nowhere
No safety, fall, we'll land safely (Hmm)

Lost in my reflection, how do I chill?
Only crazy makes sense, hmm, it's starting to make sense
While I'm still
Her vagina is moist and warm
I'll keep you safe, just hold my arm
Hell is beyond the door
Heaven doesn't want one more
No more chicken sandwiches
Yes, I'll pay for the damages
I explore through the galaxy nightly, hmm, numb my body (Numb my body)
Accept yourself, except yourself
Exit yourself, access yourself
You might also like
Oh, oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh. oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, eoh
Yo, oh-oh, oh-oh-oh-oh. oh, oh-oh-oh-oh-oh, oh
Oh
No safety, fall, we'll end safely
Inadequate, feeling so unwanted (Yeah-yeah)
Think I want to disappear (Oh)
No safety, fall, we'll land safely (Oh, oh)
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh (Why?, why?, why?, oh)
Meh, meh, meh, meh, meh
Paranoid

"That song was kinda freaking me out, Butthead. 'And we're floating out in nowhere...'"
"No safety, fall, we will land safely, Beavis."
"Kind of makes me think about my life, you know?
"What life?"
"Yeah, yeah, exactly. The part like, you know, 'and we're floating out in nowhere...'"
"Don't worry, Beavis, we will land safely."
"How come you're talking like that, Butthead?"
"Like what?"
"Come on, stop it."
"I'm not talking any differently than I normally talk, Beavis. Take some of these mushrooms that Cudi gave us, they'll make you feel better."
"Stop talking like that, Butthead."
"Like what, Beavis?"
"You're freaking me out."
"Take some mushrooms, Beavis. Take some."
"Oh boy, these mushrooms suck. But they're fast acting, aren't they? These taste horrible."
"Eat them all, Beavis."
"They're doing something. Hold on a second. Give me some more."
"Come with me, Beavis, to burning man. Take some."10Embed