127 ContributorsKon Queso Lyrics
Give it a sec for the pain to start this wreck right here
It ain't for the faint of heart
They thought they saw the worst verse
From the team of G men who seem like nerds at first
Once they get to know us people dig us
Leaders in the fight for equal rights for niggas
Inventor of the more dementeder flow, no bout a-doubt it
This go for if you're bout it, bout it or rowdy, rowdy
Whatever's clever, the master foe
Who every hooker heard of, but now a ho know
If we see tomorrow, the next day classes
The Villain in the back with the x-ray glasses
Have no fear, the ninja here
Feel 'em like the tinge in your ear from drinkin' ginger beer
When it's on, loco head gon' lay low
And heat it like beef patty, coco bread con queso
If you say so, lace the whole case load
They say he wear a metal mask in case his face show
He told 'em they flows is bitch talk and ayo's
His whole crew walk with pitchfork and halos
Say ho if you never worked a J-O
And keep more cash in a stash than a peso
Okay, yo, y'all know who to follow
Tie 'em up in the crib and leave they place hollow
Oh, shoot, the goose she's loose
So wild you couldn't chase it down with straight fruit juice
Frown like the first time you taste couscous
Stash the deuce deuce, troops askin' "truce, truce"
Today on intense wreck week
We have the Supervillain in his own defense to speak
It's all part of my mental techniques
Available to freaks and pencil-neck geeks
Train a sane brain to an insane train of thought
On a campaign trail he came to gain your support
Charge cash for a autograph
Say some shit to make your daughter laugh, then slaughter the ass
See 'em on the big screen like Steve McQueen
Do somethin' and never be back once he leaves the scene
Keep more medicated pads than Stridex
For his own side wreck with no known side effects
Before you press charges use your noodle
So what when he grab the mic he crush your cute cuticles
Keep your mouth shut, everything will be beautiful
It would be awfully rude to you, now get back to your hooty hoo
Damn it, it ain't worth the drama, can it
From the calm bandit, eat rhymers like pomegranate
Soon as he stepped in he lit the room
Boom, reschedule my noon with Brit Hume
(DOOM!) In love with Mary Jane, she's my main thing
Pulled her right from that web head, what a lame brain
Maintain and say it, don't spray it
You wanna see your girl again, you might as well pay it
If I had a dime for every rhymer's that bust guns
I'd have a cool mil' for my sons in trust funds
When I was broker than a broke dick dog
I always kept a L to smoke in thick fog
When it rain, it sure do thunderstorm
I got more rhymes in the summer than musty underarms
One, two, microphone checker
First learned to neck off a Home Ec homewrecker
This is back when he was like crib age
When he hit the stage, it's like a gauge to the rib cage
Break the mic like a rock star break a guitar
And jump off the stage like "Yee haw!"
You might also like
(UN leader): We shall now vote for a new world leader. I nominate, DOOM. All in favor, say Aye
(Delegates (In unison)): Aye!
(Peter Parker): Oh no
(DOOM): DOOM, is master of the world
(Voice 1): We must hurry
(Voice 2): Wait! If you are really with us, prove it. Let me hear you say it. Tell me that DOOM is a tyrant and must be overthrown
(Voice 1): I-I have spent my life
(Voice 2): Say it! You have spent your life serving a tyrant. DOOM must be stopped
(Voice 1): I fear you're right, my friend
(DOOM Cronie): The President of the United States is on the phone
(DOOM): Mr. President, you're at the mercy of your deadliest enemy
(President): It is time you learned once and for all, DOOM. The United States does not barter with terrorists
(DOOM): You never learn, do you?
(Voice 1): Here, this is the address of friends in New York. They'll help14Embed