120 ContributorsDesperation Lyrics
Girl, you give me writer's block, I'm at a loss for words
Uhh, my mind's as lost as yours
I rack my brain but still no thoughts emerge
Never seen no ass as large as yours
How much that cost? That's what I call a Roethlissplurge
You drive me bonkers, I’m about to get my swerve on for sure
Thought I was pimpin' 'til I felt like Nas, the first
Date 'cause I think I gave you power
When I gave you flowers in a vase
A box of chocolates, throat lozengers, cough drops and Certs
Probably shoulda never let me call that job of yours
To talk to your boss and ask him if you can take off from work
Shoulda been one of the first signs to cause alert
Man, we jumped in too fast
'Cause since then I just can't be apart from her
'Cause nobody's body's awesomer
I lust her and she loves me 'cause I'm popular
But you know this ain't love

You know this ain't love, oh no (Oh this ain't love)
You know this ain't love (Oh this ain't love), oh no
What is it then?
It's desperation (She's looking for Mr. Right) (Hey!)
(Wants me to be that guy to her)
It's desperation (I can't even put up a fight) (Hey!)
('Cause I give in at the sight of her)
And I here I go again
You might also like
You were obviously oblivious to me
I swore I was just invisible to you
'Til I went to the lengths I did to meet you
'Cause you played so hard to get with me from
The beginning, now I'm in disbelief, I
Never knew that this could be such misery, ah
'Cause now you see nothing but me
And I don't see nothing but you
And I'm about to flip 'cause we are – super glued in
We stuck to each other's hips and we can't
Do anything individually, which is to cling on
Scared to be alone, can't specifically describe it
I just can't seem to give a reason
That's definitive, just need ya
Talkin' about I live and breathe ya
And you pretend to be as mentally and physically
Addicted to me as Wiz Khalifa is to reefer
Don't wanna be without you
Don't wanna be with you neither
Bitch, put me in a situation in which it's both I wish to seek
'Cause this ain't love

You know this ain't love, oh no (Oh this ain't love)
You know this ain't love (Oh this ain't love), oh no
What is it then?
It's desperation (She's looking for Mr. Right) (Hey!)
(Wants me to be that guy to her)
It's desperation (I can't even put up a fight) (Hey!)
('Cause I give in at the sight of her)
And I here I go again
Just want you to myself
Don't wanna share you with no one else
"What the fuck you whisperin' for?
You get on my nerves, you make me sick
I think our relationship, it seems to be on the fritz
I mean it's time that we just split and leave the
Games behind, your frame of mind ain't the same as mine
I think you need to finish developing a
Little more mentally to get the picture"
That's a negative, Alicia, I will never give the keys up
To the crib ever again, no Visa
Not even a gift certificate from Tiffany's
You better have an epiphany, slut
Guess what? (What?) The lease up
I'm just mad the time it took to discover
You were usin' me for loot like I used you for looks
Oh, thought you was too good for me, huh?
Yeah, toots, used to be my Carrie Underwood
I was your lumberjack
But I can't stomach this, I'm leavin' you, I'm not comin' back
She said, "The fuck with that!
Where's my Louisville Slugger at?"
She grabbed that fuckin' bat
And swung it at my head, I barely ducked and that's
Right when she came up with a kick to the nuts twice
Steel toe, girl probably coulda put a hundred-yard field goal
Through the uprights
You know this ain't love, oh no (Oh this ain't love)
You know this ain't love (Oh this ain't love), oh no
What is it then?
It's desperation (She's looking for Mr. Right) (Hey!)
(Wants me to be that guy to her)
Lord, it's desperation (I can't even put up a fight) (Hey!)
('Cause I give in at the sight of her)
Desperation (And I here I go again)31Embed