62 ContributorsG Funk Intro Lyrics
Yeah, this is another story about dogs
For the dog that don't pee on trees is a bitch
So says Snoop Dogg
So get your pooper scooper 'cause the nigga's talkin' shit
Roof! Roof! Roof! Roof! Roof!

I'm sippin' on Tanqueray
With my mind on my money and my mouth fulla' gan-jay
R-A-G to the motherfuckin' E
Back with my nigga S-N-double-O-P
Yeah, and ya don't stop
Rage in effect, I just begun to rock
I said, yeah, and ya don't quit
Hey-yo, Rage, would you please drop some gangsta shit?
I rock rough and stuff with my afro puffs
Handcuffed as I bust, 'bout to tear shit up
Oh, what? Did ya think I, didn't ever think I
Would be the one to make you blink eye, I'm catchy like pink-eye
Never will there ever be another like me, um
You can play the left 'cause it ain't no right in me
Out the picture, out the frame, out the box I knock 'em all
Smack 'em out the park, like "A Friendly Game of Baseball"
Grand slam, yes, I am
Kickin' up dust and I don't give a goddamn
'Cause I'm that lyrical murderer pleading guilty
You know from my skills I'm about to be
Filthy, large, Rage in charge
You know what's happenin', don't try to play Raj
This ain't no re-run, see, hun, don't you wanna be one?
However, Rage'll wreck ya 'cause I'm def
I kick my vocals, I loc yo, coast to coast or local, uh!
I'll make 'em go coo-coo for my Cocoa
Puffin' stuff, ayo, Snoop, you're up
Let these niggas know that niggas don't give a fuck
You might also like
This is just a small introduction to the G-funk era
Everyday of my life I take a glimpse in the mirror
And I see motherfuckers tryna be like me
Ever since I put it down with the D-R-E

Foamin' at the mouth and waggin' his tail
Searchin through the yard with a keen sense of smell
Lookin' for the bitches in heat
And when he find it he'll be sniffin her seat
We travel in packs and we do it from the back
How else can you get to the booty?
We do it doggystyle
All the while we do it doggystyle
Yo motherfuckin' hoe!
He fucked the fleas off the bitch, he shaked the ticks off his dick
And in the booty, he buries his motherfuckin' bone
And if there's any left over, he'll roll over and take a doggy bag home

Damn, that Tanqueray is talkin' to a nigga
I ain't bullshittin', one of y'all niggas gotta get it
Man, I got to piss
Breath test?11Embed