88 ContributorsKool Aid & Frozen Pizza Lyrics
K.I.D.S
(You know what? You know what? You know what? Yeah)

Hey, Kool-Aid and frozen pizza
It's a work of art, I ain't talking Mona Lisa
Dream of rocking crowds, see me filling up arenas
This weed got me laughing like a damn hyena
Yeah, I live a life pretty similar to yours
Used to go to school, hang with friends and play sports
Every single summer taking trips to the shore
And that was all gravy but I knew I wanted more
Ain't ever seen a young rapper like moi
Can't believe they eyes, swear it's just a mirage
Still got my training wheels in the garage
But I ain't gonna need those, I'ma go hard (Go hard)
So far I've done pretty well for myself
Couple trophies on the shelf, so what else
Could I want that I don't have yet?
Well, a little more cash and my own fast jet
So I can go anywhere, (Anywhere) anywhere (Anywhere)
Cali for the kush, 'cause boy I know there's plenty there
'Bout to be in music stores everywhere, but not yet
They can't understand my concept
I've been climbing up the great wall, haven't had a fall yet
These blogs gotta know I'm on next
Clean conscience, good Samaritan
Companies send me clothes so I'm wearing them
If you didn't know, well, I'm from the 'Burgh
Everything I drop recorded by Big Jerm
I smoke herb, then I make music
I don't even talk about it, boy, I just do it
Everybody got their own opinion, the reasons why they feeling him
You must admit he's killing 'em, running off adrenaline
Waiting for the game to wanna let him in, so open up
The boy a barrel of a smoking gun
Whether I'm old or young, the chosen one
I got a hundred billion flows to come
I hope you know the lyrics to every single song
So when I'm at a show everyone can sing along
My weed bag empty, bottle at its last drop
I'm feeling like this could be my last shot
But many more songs to make, cousin
So why the fuck you bugging? Haha
You might also like
Yeah
Just some motherfuckin' kids
We just some motherfuckin' kids (What?)
We just some motherfuckin' kids (Ayy)
We just some motherfuckin' kids (Shouts to all my fans, man)
We just some motherfuckin' kids (Holdin' me down)
We just some motherfuckin' kids (And all the homies)
We just some motherfuckin' kids (Most dope)
Just some mo—just some—we just some motherfuckin' kids
(You know what? You know what? You know what? Yeah)
(You know what? You know what? You know what? Yeah)
(You know what? You know what? You know what? Yeah)
(You know—)21Embed