8 ContributorsFuck Your Feelings Lyrics
Here’s a little shit I like to call

Self explanatory shit for warriors
Killed your car in the corner
The vicious slaughtered an officer
No applause, then applaud us to
Rip apart the apartment
Kill your father and start with that
Nigga’s noggin’, and I'ma just ahh
Leave it at that, i believe in that rap
In the evening i trap, I’ma keep on leavin'
Cheese for that rat
In the evenin’ I 'm back you bleedin'
Rest in peace with that strap
I’m anemic but eat with the demons
Tellin' jesus I'm back!
Y'all niggas are fucked up
Approach y'all niggas like what’s up?
All my life been broke trynna' get
That dough, lookin' for my come up
And i never seen no chain, no watch
No ring, no bling, no pop up
You ain’t never sold no cain, no coke no pills
No shut the fuck up!
Kinda whip is you riding
What kind of niggas you hiding?
Faggot niggas, you braggin’, listen
What kind of dick is you riding?
Ain’t no competition, i’m popin' fuck
Your proposition, I'm plottin’
Ain’t no pot to piss in, I'm probably pissed
And inside the kitchen with choppers
I'm cursing like a mah’fucker, mah’fuckin’ chillin'
Yeah, i can make your mother fuck me and  go
Fuck her feelings!
I play the power ball, i hope i hit a
Couple of million, just so i can fuck them bitches
Who ain't tryna fuck until then!
My nigga, what you holding? fuck that!
Nigga, that give me them hub caps
That’s more power than  MJ dancin' in Thriller with a blunt like puff that!, killin' the block with a chilla that pop
And I woulda life  prrra prrida tha prapra
Sound of the Glock, like jack in the box
To the match and the Glock, now run fast
I don’t know what you talkin’ bout
Been that nigga that knock him out
Stomp that nigga, i stomp him out
Walk that nigga, now walk him out
Flow like venom in the cold
I’m entering the zone where hoes ain’t friends
With the hoes, and a man get the most shit
From the police and they beat them cops
Pretending to hold that 5-0-8
Walk on water, and drive on lakes
Fly them clouds, i float on bliss, my home
I’m pulling it out you face
You might also like
Yeah, that’s what I like to call
Self explanatory shit for warriors
Killed your car in the corner
The vicious slaughtered an officer
No applause, then applaud us to
Rip apart the apartment
Kill your father and start with that
Nigga’s noggin’, I'ma just ahh
Leave it at that, You can leave it at this:
Squeezing that clip, that's enough to stop your
Breathing that's it, when I'm breathing
I’m sick,when you bleeding rest in peace with that strip
I’m anemic but eat with the demons
Tellin' Jesus that's it!
Joyner's mah’fucker, mah’fuck ya feelings
I can make your mother fuck me then go
Fuck her feelings!
I play the power ball, i hope i hit a
Couple of million, just so I can fuck them bitches
They ain't wanna fuck until then uh

Cause you know then they ain't (Yeah) you know they ain't tryna fuck until you till you get some money
Joyner's mah’fuck, mah’fuckin villain
I can make your mother fuck me then go
Fuck her feelings
I play the power ball, I hope I hit a
Couple of million, just so I can fuck them bitches
They ain't wanna fuck until then uhEmbed