255 ContributorsHow Great Lyrics
How great is our God?
Sing with me, how great is our God?
All will see, how great is our God? (Ooh)
How great (How great), is our God? (Oh)
Sing with me, how great (How great), is our God?
All will see, how great, how great, is our God? (Ooh)
Name above all names (Name above all names)
Worthy of all praise (And my heart will)
And my heart will sing how great (How great) is our God?
Name above all names (Name above all name)
Worthy of all praise (Worthy of all praise)
And my heart will sing (My heart will sing), how great is our God? (Woah-oh, oh-oh)
How great (How great), is our God? (Is our God?)
Sing with me (Won't you sing?), how great is our God? (And all will see)
All will see how great (How great, how great), is our God? (Oh)
(How great), how great (How great is), is our God?
Sing with me (Sing with me), how great is our God? (And all will see)
All will see how great (How great), how great (How great)
How great (How great), how great (How great)
How great, how great is our God? Oh

The first is that God is better than the world's best thing
God is better than the best thing that the world has to offer
You might also like
Magnify, magnify, lift it on high
Spit a Spotify to qualify a spot on his side
I cannot modify or ratify, my mama made me apple pies
Lullabies and alibis, the book don't end with Malachi
Devil will win employee of the month by the dozen
'Til one score and three years from the third when he doesn't
My village raised 'em a child, come through the crib and it's bustin'
You meet anyone from my city, they gon' say that we cousins
Shabach, Barak, edify
Electrify the enemy like Hedwig 'til he petrify
Any petty Peter Petigrew could get the pesticide,
79th, 79th
I don't believe in science, I believe in signs
Don't believe in signing, I seen dollar signs, color white collar crime
Good God, the gift of freedom
Hosanna Santa invoked and woke up slaves from Southampton to Chatham Manor
My dream girl's behind me, feel like I'm James Early
The type of worship make Jesus come back a day early
With the faith of a pumpkin seed-sized mustard seed
Hear, for I will speak noble things as entrusted me
Only righteous, I might just shrug at the skullduggery
I couldn't stand to see another rapper lose custody
Exalt, exalt, glorify, descend upon the earth with swords
And fortify the borders where your shortage lies
I used to hide from God, ducked down in the slums like "shhh"
I was lost in the jungle like Simba after the death of Mufasa
No hog, no meerkat
Hakuna matata by day, but I spent my night-time fighting tears back
I prayed and prayed and left messages
But never got no hear-back or so it seemed
A mustard seed was all I needed to sow a dream
I build the ark to gently, gently row my boat down Noah's stream
Sometimes the path I took to reach my petty goals was so extreme
I was so far down in the mud
Couldn't even let my light shine
But you was always there when I needed to phone a friend or use a lifeline
From a lofty height we wage war
On the poltergeist with the exalted Christ
Spark the dark with the pulse of light
Strike a corpse with a pulse of life
I spit on the Tidal, it's tidal waves
I spit on the Apple and kill a worm
A fire in Cali'll swallow a valley for every African village burned
Jay Elect would've never made it
O' son of man, O' son of man
Who was the angel in Revelations with a foot on water and a foot on land?
Who was the angel that rode a Harley from the project to the house of Parliament?
And opened the book in the Devil's chamber
And put the true name of the Lord in it?
Old Jerusalem, New Jerusalem
Comes like this beast with a ball of fire
They poisoned the scriptures and gave us the pictures of false messiahs, it was all a lie
Mystery Babylon tumbling down
Satan's establishment crumbling down
This is the year that I come for the crown
Bury my enemies under the ground48Embed