4 ContributorsIn His Own Words Lyrics
(made nigga  to the grave nigga!)
“You can't disrespect the love“
“All those ghettos and towns..I love y'all“
“Wassup y'all it's the thug lord 2Pac“
“I'm coming back for sho'“ (made nigga to the grave) “Harder and harder“
“Y'all can't fade me. Y'all can't turn on me don't change on me“
“(this is it)“
“You know what I mean“
“What's poppin'“
“All those ghettos all those..“
“What's poppin'“
“Only god can judge us“
“I'm riding y'all can't fade me, I'm riding“
“Made me number one you know what I mean“
“And I'm coming back fo' sho'“
“So you can imagine how I feel“
“That's wrong“

They try to ban me, 'cause the brothas makin' noise a lot
I tear that asses and the boys, 'bout to poison block
They got me trapped, but now I'm strapped, gettin' hotter
Runnin' from the cop, as I try to cock my Glock
The war won't stop
That's why they wanna ban the music
You ever notice how the cops can't stand the music
See a black man coolin' with a Mexican
We can all have peace on the sets again
Give a shout-out to my homies in the pen'
They try to keep us down
But we clown every time we hit the Top-10
You might also like“So why are people telling me I'm wrong for doing what I'm doing“
“I'm a reflection of the community“
 +
Brothas talk a lot of shit, but that'a after you gone
'Cause they fear you in a physical form
Outlaw in his own words, they just get served
Stuck out on a block out when the drama occurs
Brothas talk a lot of shit, but that'a after you gone
Cause they fear you in a physical form
Outlaw in his own words, they just get served
Stuck out on a block out when the drama occurs

Once again it's yo friend out of Oakland
Hopin' they keep the hip hop clubs open
Now we can fight, let 'em close them
Or we could have peace at shows so we control 'em
Now ain't nobody gettin' paid, it's a damn shame
Why gangbang brothas in the same gang
Take security to blame, 'cause they lettin' it off
Brothas come to have fun but they settin' it off
One time make it worst when they sweat us
Send a army of pigs to come get us
So I'm runnin' out of time, and it's cool, down with my (homeboy put it down)
 +
Brothas talk a lot of shit, but that'a after you gone
Cause they fear you in a physical form
Outlaw in his own words, they just get served
Stuck out on a block out when the drama occurs
Brothas talk a lot of shit, but that'a after you gone
Cause they fear you in a physical form
Outlaw in his own words, they just get served
Stuck out on a block out when the drama occurs


“You know what I mean going through tryna come up
And then get pulled up back 5 steps then you move make 8 steps and pull you back 18 steps so
To me it's not personal because they're all going through it. The only thing that makes it different and original with me is that people get to watch it from beginning to end like soap opera. You get to watch mine's“
“Every time I think this is it and I go all out to beat that and I win or I lose then I come into the next one and it's worse. It's like the twilight zone. It's like some evil, unstoppable shit that is won't let me go“
“I wanted to get out the game. I'm trying to get out the game and they wanna dirty up my memory. They wanna dirty up everything I worked for“
“I feel as though what was done in the dark will come to light“
“What's the problem!“
“Them attitude's  changed, it's not as sick as it used to be“ “I can't front. It slowed me down. What went through my mind was 'like damn I'm shot', I couldn't believe I could ever get touched“
“That's why I attack the way I do, because I'm a general and I'm a smart general and I'm not gonna attack at no blind soldier“
“I feel like I'm doing it for hip hop all do is get me  out
”hell nah we goin' taking it personal“
“And my choices have already been made even if I wanna change it“
“So that's how I know who shot me,what happened and everything they mad cause I know what happened“
”I feel as though what was done in the dark will come to light“
“The secrets that everybody is gon find out about that I don't  have to playa hater  about that will come out and you will find out for yourself and you'll know why I did it“
“But it's a game. It's the game of life, Do I win or do I lose?. I know one day they're gonna shut the game down but I gotta have as much fun and go around the board as many times as I can before it's my turn to leave“
(What! Makaveli in his own words
What!, Outlaw in his own words
What!
What!) OutlawEmbed