174 ContributorsII. Worldstar Lyrics
"Ooh!"—"Damn!"
"Fuck outta here, dawg"—"Ooh!"
"What's up? What's up? Don't, don't try to jump me, don't try to jump me!"
"You got it, I ain't even wanna fight homies. You got it, cuz."
"Damn!"—"You got his–"

(Blow up) Worldstar before rap, you already know that
So Fresh Prince, they about to bring the show back
Listening to Kilo, weekend cost a kilo
Hair so long, I'm about to bring the fro back
Phone call gotta say "Moshi Moshi" (Moshi Moshi)
Girlfriend actin' all wishy-washy (wishy-washy)
It's your birthday, make it earthquake
Fell in love with a nigga like a mermaid
(Daddy, I love him!) That's a first date, uhh
Nobody think about it, worst case, uhh
Best case, we the front page, uhh
10K on the first day, uhh
Yeah, motherfucker, take your phone out
To record this, ain't nobody can ignore this
I'm more or less a moral-less individual
Making movies with criminals, tryin' to get them residuals
When it all go crazy
When I hear that action, I'ma be Scorsese
My nigga, hold it horizontal, man, be a professional
Damn, my nigga, be a professional, what you doing, man?
You might also like
Get up, get up
Get the man right here (*screams*)
Worldstar!
Worldstar! (Worldstar) Worldstar! (Worldstar)
Worldstar! Worldstar! ('star!)

My girl ain't bad (My girl ain't bad), she more like evil
When I'm lookin' in the mirror (In the mirror), how fly's this negro?
She on Hollywood and Vine (Vine), thinkin' that she Hollywood on Vine (Vine)
Makin' movies with her friends all the time
Showin' off her ass, that's a net twerk (Twerk)
But I saw through it like a wet shirt (Hol' up)
Drive slow 'cause you might swerve off it (Swerve off it)
Still eat and the hate so salty (So salty)
Put shrooms in my roommate's coffee
And got more likes than a white girl talking
More hits than a fight comp
Where they fight cops 'til they stop, when I heard shots
Watching dude drop from a Glock at a—(*shots fired*)
Ohhh, Worldstar!
Let me flash on 'em, we all big brother now
Lil' sis, let her run around
Money talking, you know the sound—Brrt!
Money counter—Brrrt!
AK—Brrrt!
Cell phone—Brrrt! Hello?
Yo, bro, man, check out that video I just sent you, man
This shit is hilarious, man, it's like this kid, man, he got like sh–
He got like hit on the side of the head, man, he's like freakin' out
Like, heh, it's like he think he completely lost blood and shit
Hahaha, it's hilarious, man...
(Worldstar! Worldstar! Worldstar!)
We don't wanna be on (Worldstar! Worldstar!)
And all I wanna be is a (Worldstar! Worldstar!)
We don't wanna be on (Worldstar! Worldstar!)
And all I wanna be is a (Worldstar! Worldstar!)
We don't wanna be on (Worldstar! Worldstar!)
And all I wanna be is a–
158Embed