8 ContributorsOn the Grammys LyricsI would like to sit down with Neil Portnow right now
I think the Grammys are super important!!!
I know so many cool artists whose hearts have been broken by the politics including mine
We need to fix this
I don't give opinions because they are commonly agreed upon. I say what I feel
I feel the Grammy awarding system is way off and completely out of touch
Hi Grammys this is the most important living artist talking
If I'm not at the show next year then there is no show
I don't want to just fix the awards for me but I want to fix it for Dexter Navy who directed A$AP Rocky’s LSD video
Everybody with any form of taste knows that was the best video of the year!
Dexter didn't feel he even had a chance of winning and he was right!!!
You guys are supposed to be all about taste
You like your black people a certain way also. You wouldn't have Future perform and that man owned the clubs last summer
You might also likeHas anyone at the Grammys ever heard March Madness??? Yes I have a problem with the Grammys
All artists have a problem with it and I am going to fix it for us all starting right now
Neil please reach out as soon as possible so we can make the Grammys culturally relevant again
Us real music guys wanna have fun too
And always remember that rock and roll was stolen and don't try to hide behind Jimmy Jam and Terry Lewis 😭😭😭 all positive vibes
First order of business. We the people need to see Future at the Grammys
We need to see Young Thug at the Grammys.  Not just me and Jay in a suit
People ask why I speak in a public forum... Well my voice is my power. Freedom of speech. Freedom of opinion. Freedom of dreams
I'm not crazy I'm free
No slave mindset no more. I'm free. I'm free. I'm free
I wrote Saint Pablo after admitting to my greatest shame my personal debt. But I'm not ashamed anymore
I'm proud as an entrepreneur that I gave everything I had to my dreams
I'm happy and free and proud and confident. I'm not crazy. I'm free
Free from being held back by public opinion
It's a beautiful time.  I love my friends. I love my family.  I love people. The human race
You guys will see my heart. You guys will feel my heart. We will make a difference
I just had to start with shoes so that I could be economically empowered enough to have a voice
What is your definition of true freedom? There is no true freedom without economic freedom
Respect to everyone working hard to keep a roof over their kids
That is one of the reasons I respect the paps so much
And yes I've talked to Adidas and we gon hook y'all up with free Yeezys and Adidas.  All positive vibes
I'm not even gon lie to you. I love me so much right now
New album coming this summer
I love being a voice of freedom when so many people are scared to speak up
The world needs a guy like me. The world needs somebody to not be scared and tell his truth
You won't always agree with me but I'm gon always be me. I'm woke!3Embed