60 ContributorsTranslationsРусскийTeam Rocket Lyrics
Yeah (Ayy)

Like, when it come to hundreds, that's money my way
Remember she ain't want me, now she all in my face
Like, uh, girl, you too late, yeah, you ain't got no taste, yeah (No)
Driving to the bank, yeah, I can't close my safe, yeah
Brittany be my bae, yeah (Brittany be my bae, yeah, yeah)
Money in the way, yeah
Um, I couldn't wait, yeah (I couldn't wait, yeah, yeah, yeah, ayy)

Getting these hundreds, I count it (I count it)
What you want? Watch me just count it (Yeah)
All of my diamonds outstanding
Don't want to sit on the dick, then just stand bitch (Stand)
Nowadays I'm getting money
Paid a hundred fifty just for a sandwich (What?)
Walk around with the big guns, so lil' nigga, know you cannot jump me
Like, oh no, ho, you can't have my cake (No)
Stepping in Margiela, you can't walk my way
Like, get out my face (Bye)
Diamonds on my teeth, don't talk my way
What do you want with me? (What?)
What do you want with me? (Tell me, tell me)
Kicking her out, see you later (Bye)
Cancel her like Ricki Lake (Cancel)
I was just playing 2K (Damn)
Losing my money, 2K (Damn)
But I got all of this cake (Yeah)
It do not matter to me (Yeah)
You might also like
Like, when it come to hundreds, that's money my way (Yeah)
Remember she ain't want me, now she all in my face (What?)
Like, uh, girl you too late, yeah, you ain't got no taste, yeah (No)
Driving to the bank, yeah, I can't close my safe, yeah
Brittany be my bae, yeah (Brittany be my bae, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Money in the way, yeah
Um, I couldn't wait, yeah (I couldn't wait, yeah, yeah, yeah, ayy)

Uh, what is that all on your waist? (What?)
Goyard that's all on my waist (All on my)
Cartier all on my face (Yeah)
I got the dreads with the fade (I got the dreads with the)
Talking that shit catch a fade (Ayy)
Walking around with the bank (Yeah)
Walking around with the bank, yeah
Walking around with the bank (Bank)
Yeah, I'm alright (Yeah)
Nowadays I feel like I'm alive (Oh)
Yeah, I could've died (I could've, ayy)
I'm the shit, nigga, I got ten wives (Ahahaha)
Yeah, I'm just playing, I got one
What you want? (Like what you want?)
Walk around in Prada jeans with like twenty something (Like twenty something)
I brought two pair of Balmain jeans that's twenty hundreds (Twenty hundreds), yeah (Ayy), yeah
Like, when it come to hundreds, that's money my way (Yeah)
Remember she ain't want me, now she all in my face (What?)
Like, uh, girl you too late, yeah, you ain't got no taste, yeah (No)
Driving to the bank, yeah, I can't close my safe, yeah
Brittany be my bae, yeah (Brittany be my bae, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Money in the way, yeah
Um, I couldn't wait, yeah (I couldn't wait, yeah, yeah, yeah, ayy)

Money any way, yeah40Embed