83 ContributorsHeat of the Moment Lyrics
All the school kids are so sick of books and learnin'
They don't read anymore, they don't even read anymore
They just wanna be like all the rappers that I can't stand
Niggas we don't need anymore
All the niggas we don't need anymore
And all the cops are still hangin' out at the doughnut shops
Talkin' 'bout how the weather's changin'
The ice is meltin' as if the world is endin'

She asked me
"Who are you gonna be when it's all over? When it's all over?"
She asked me
"Who are you gonna be when it's all over? When it's all over?"
I don't wanna think about that right now
Heat of the moment
Heat of the moment, girl, heat of the moment
I ain't even got a strap, if you think we really need one, I'm on it
The last man fucked up, I'll take it since he doesn't want it
Can't think straight in the heat of the moment, heat of the moment

What are we even doing?

Ridin' clean
With you on my mind and I'm thinkin' dirty things
Yes Lord, yes Lord, yes Lord
I've seen some things
I wish we had met when I was in my teens
Yes Lord, yes Lord, yes Lord
'Cause these days I only know conditional love
I'm not used to settlin' down
I'm too used to switchin' it up, oh
And she says, "You don't how good it is to be you 'cause you're him"
And I say "Well, goddamn"
You might also like
Then ask myself
Who am I gonna be when it's all over? When it's all over?
Who am I gonna be when it's all over? When it's all over?
I don't wanna think about that right now
Heat of the moment
Heat of the moment, girl, heat of the moment
I ain't even got a strap if you think we really need one, I'm on it
The last man fucked up, I'll take it since he doesn't want it
Can't think straight in the heat of the moment, heat of the moment
All of this, it's alcohol, it's drugs, weed, it's everything that you could ever imagine. Man, our sisters, our sisters, and our brothers, our brothers, need to stop this shit. They need to take a step up. Young girls are hot, and they will fuck anybody, anytime, anyway. Because they are so hot and young guys are, they are going for it. This shit has to stop, man. This shit has to stop. These people need to uh, uh, uh, uh educate themselves. Women are too fucking hot.  
Yeah, you're right. You're right. Alright man, well, shit, I just wanted…
They know they're too hot. They don't give a fuck. It's the heat of the moment. It's the heat of the moment and that's all it is. It's the heat of the moment.  
I agree
This shit, that's all it is. It's the heat of the moment. Be a 100% woman, or try and be a 100% man, and use a fucking condom
Haaa320Embed