21 ContributorsMansion Lyrics​​​
And what the fuck do I gotta do go to and buy me a mansion? (Huh?)
Fuck is this? (Fuck is this?)
I wasn't supposed to be broke for this long damnit (What a bitch)
And my manager told me, "Nigga, you gon' be rich" (Nigga, you gon' be rich)

That was last year
Now I'm living in the ghetto with the crackheads
Working at McDonald's as a goddamn cashier
Ain't this a bitch? (Ain't this a bitch?)
Liquor got me lightheaded (Yeah)
Sippin' to the light red and
I ain't go to college, I ain't good at nothing else
So if this don't work out then I wonder where my life headed
I ain't got shit
Tired of being stranded
Gotta go and get it
Living in hell, that's a heaven full of bitches
And I'm scared to fall in love but I never will admit it
Shit, I never could'a did it (never)
Point me to the door, I gotta leave
Real cocky to them hoes that say hi to me
Like I'm the best thing you heard
Bitch don't lie to me, don't you lie to me
I tried to play the lottery
Maybe I can hit the Powerball
Cop 50 fly cars, and then drive them all
Just so I can feel like a rich nigga got it all (This nigga got it all)
Bitch you ain't shit, and these broads ain't loyal
Hoes won't relate but these songs ain't for you
You might also like
And the game ain't the same, so along came Joyner
Standing around like you don't get the fuckin' picture
Let me paint it for you, I ain't playin' witchu
Waiting for the Illuminati just so I can get a check
Here's my soul let me trade it to you

'Cause what the fuck do I gotta do to go and buy me a mansion? (Huh)
Fuck is this? (Fuck is this?)
I wasn't supposed to be broke for this long, goddamnit (Shit)
What a bitch (What a bitch)
I said my manager told me, "Nigga, you gon' be rich" (Said you gon' be rich)
Yeah right, I need a mansion on the water
And a yacht for my momma
Throwing party while we're bumping Barry White
Nigga, I just want a mansion (Look where he's from, I'm tired of this man)
I just want a mansion (I can't eat, I'm broke nigga, I'm broke, and you got the power to change that)

Yo, what the fuck do I gotta do to go and buy me a mansion? (Huh?)
Fuck is this? (Fuck is this?)
I wasn't supposed to be broke for this long, goddamnit (What the fuck?)
What a bitch (What a bitch)
And my manager told me, "Joyner, you gon' be rich" (Nigga, you gon' be rich)
A year later, now I'm living in the ghetto with the haters
Working at Denny's as a motherfucking waiter, nigga
Ain't this a bitch? (Ain't this a bitch?)
Liquor got me lightheaded
Sippin' to the light red and
I ain't really got no damn back up plan
So if this don't work out, then I wonder where my life headed
I ain't got shit (I ain't got shit)
Tired of being broke, gotta get it all, plus a nigga need drawers
Gotta hit the mall
Ain't no cameras in the stores so I bend the law (I gotta bend the law)
Point me to the door (Yeah)
I'm winning now
Yeah, I'm tryna get some head
Bitch, it's been a while
And don't be acting brand new cause your friends around ('Cause your friends around)
I'm tryna hit the lotto, thirty million and deposit all
Cop a mansion with a safe and I hide it all
Just so I can feel like a rich nigga got it all
This nigga got it all, it's all paranoia, I got a call from my lawyer
I should've went to prison but the bars ain't for ya
And the game ain't the same, so along came Joyner
Standing around like you don't get the fucking picture
Let me paint it for you, I ain't playing with you
Awaiting for Illuminati just so I can get a break
Here's my soul, let me trade it to you

'Cause what the fuck do I gotta do to go and buy me a mansion? (Huh?)
Fuck is this? (Fuck is this?)
I wasn't supposed to be broke for this long, goddamnit (Shit)
What a bitch (What a bitch)
I said my manager told me, "Nigga, you gon' be rich" (Nigga, you gon' be rich)
Yeah right, I need a mansion on the water
And a yacht for my momma
Throwing party while we're bumping Barry White
Nigga, I just want a mansion (You can have this shit, man, you can have the whole thing, I don't want it, I don't want none of this)
I just want a mansion (I'm up here, losing my damn mind, running up and down the streets for us)1Embed