84 ContributorsTranslationsРусскийCanadian Goose Lyrics
Yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah)
I said yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah, yeah)
What I say? (Lil Uzi), um, yeah, yeah, yeah
That-that-that-that-that be Maaly Raw (Yeah, uh, uh)

Woke up in the morning, brush my teeth, smack my bitch ass (Damn)
All I do is think about the cash (What?)
Yeah, what? Getting all this cash (Yeah)
Yeah, what? I'm two hundred on the dash (Ooh)
Yeah, Lil Uzi, ooh, I got hella groupies, ooh (What?)
Smokin' Backwoods, I don't fuck with doobies, ooh (Yeah, yeah)
Yeah, cuff the double plus 'cause I'm rockin' Ksubis, yeah (Ooh, what?)
I fuck with my same hoes, I don't trust these newbies (Yeah)
990, that's the New B's, yeah (Ooh, facts)
Smoked the boy like he is a loosie, yeah (Fah, fah, fah, fah)
On the Xan', hear a noise, I load it up (I load it up)

All these diamonds, ain't nobody cold as us (Bling, blaow)
Literally, I'm cold as fuck (Cold as what?)
Ayy, I need Canadian Goose, yeah (Huh?)
I need to get a Moncler, yeah (I do)
Diamonds so cold, need some soup, ayy (What?)
You might also like
Driving around in a what? (Skrrt)
Saint Laurents all on my boots (Yeah, what?)
Saint Laurent all on my boo (Yeah)
Yeah, two thousand dollar a tooth (Ayy)
Lil Uzi, you is the truth (Ayy)
Lil Uzi, you is the truth, yeah (The truth)
If you think they took my chain, hey (Huh?)
Um, boy, you a fool, ayy (You're dumb)
I said, boy, you a fool, ayy
I just caught me a Mewtwo, ayy (Huh?)
Yeah, I just caught me a Mewtwo, ayy (I choose you)
Japanese girl stuck to me just like some glue, ayy (Yeah)

All these diamonds, ain't nobody cold as us (Bling, blaow)
Literally, I'm cold as fuck (Cold as what?)
Ayy, I need Canadian Goose, yeah (Huh?)
I need to get a Moncler, yeah (I do)
Diamonds so cold, need some soup, yeah (What?)

Diamonds all on my teeth, so I barely can talk (I barely can talk)
Money all in my pockets, so I barely can walk
Yeah, (Ayy, ayy, ayy) diamonds, they shine in the dark (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
She from LA, but she live in New York (What? Yeah)
But I ain't worried 'bout that (Worried 'bout that), ayy, yeah
Worried 'bout bustin' them traps (Bustin' them traps), yeah, ayy
Lil Uzi, yeah, you know I be smokin' that pack (Yeah), yeah
If she gon' leave, you know that she comin' right back (She comin' right back), yeah
In a Cadillac, do a drive-by with a MAC(Drive-by with a MAC), yeah
When I walk in, none of these hoes can relax, yeah
When I walk in, know that I move with the racks (Ayy, yeah)
When I walk in, know that I move with the racks, yeah
Came right in, put my city on my back (Ayy, yeah)
But I'm still so relaxed on a Xanax, yeah
I don't care what you did, don't love you less, yeah
But it's still Margiela all on my vest, yeah
Uh, water cross on my neck, yeah
I just flew to the A, yeah
I might go to MIA, yeah
I ain't talkin' paper planes, yeah (What?)
On the block with all my chains, yeah (Yeah)
Got the money and the fame (Yeah)
You a lame, that's a shame
All these diamonds, ain't nobody cold as us (Bling, blaow)
Literally, I'm cold as fuck (Cold as what? Fuck, yeah)
Ayy, I need Canadian Goose, yeah (Huh?)
I need to get a Moncler, yeah (I do)
Diamonds so cold, need some soup (Yeah)

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, ayy
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, ayy
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ayy, ayy
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, ayy (That be Maaly Raw)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ayy, who?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ayy, what?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, huh, what?
Uh, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah56Embed