26 ContributorsAs One Lyrics
We're the ones with the flame (Yeah)
We're the fire that remains (Turn Rell up a lil' bit)
We're controllin' the game from now on (Ugh)

Geah! (Hooo!)
It's the world-renowned internationally connected (Yeah, yeah)
Locally accepted, Roc-A-Fella Records
Don't get it confused (Oh-oh, yeah)
Doing what we do, B. Sig. (It's the Roc, baby)
Rell, Peedi Crakk (It's the Roc, baby)
Free, Young H-O, Bleek (You understand, oh, oh)
And introducin'

It's Young C (Young C!) home of Philly, young and hungry
All the girlies wanna fall in lust with me
And every hood in the world discussing me
I hit it once; when I'm done, give it up to Neef

It's Neef Buck (Neef Buck) out the cut (Out the cut, geah, geah)
All the haters wanna claim that they fuck with us
It ain't a game, niggas know that they Toys 'R' Us
They can't fuck with us, who? Soo! (Awwwwwww)
You might also like
(I'm the one!) Man I'm money, hoes, clothes and shows
To do with your ho all wrapped in one
(I'm not done!) Man I'm the shit after it's all said and done
The one to cop one, come back for another one
(Quick fast) Like rapid refund
I'm the (Grrrr, rrrr) mean green out the money machine
(I'm not done!) I'm Omillio in interviews
And thought you could hold Sparks in the hood?
Come here hon'! (Chill!) And you like it
All them haters talking shit, we don't like it

We love it, that "black mask, black glove" shit
Roll up on him—don't budge, bitch
With my Mac (Mac) and my Tec (Tec)
And my vest, just like that
For them niggas that be thinking Mack Milly
Ain't really from the streets
I'm that gallstone trapped in the belly of the beast

Those seen here will lead you, forever
And we will not leave you, never
And our voices will ring (Ring!) together
As one (Awwwwwww)
It's young Free!
Move working the wheel, hand jerking the V
Busters know if you cross the line, thinking I'm off my job
But I'm on like Chris when he popped his cuz
Nigga, them slugs'll fly

Call me P.C.!
Tempers spilling, I peel, look how I'm killin' the wheel
The fitted tilt to the left, the shirt blend with the sweats
Your girls skirts and veils, she undressing
Don't stare, take a picture, nigga, packin' the bills

I'm the one! Young H-O, a game of none
What you think I do to the brain of that dame you brung?
Listen, hon! Twist up one, this is Armi—sip some
It's only 40 proof, it feel like 151 when I'm done!
Make a run with the Roc, rock Air Force 1's
Rock a bun, hide shit in her hair when I come—
Through customs, cops can't bust him
It's Hov, the hustler; I'm having one hell of a run!
And you like it
All them haters talkin' shit, we don't like it
Nah, we love it
I got a mami with a body, don't touch it
You can't fuck with young Easy up on the Just Blaze production
You get nothin', we get enough spins
Can't stop us from coppin' bottles while we clubbin'
It's the R-O-C forever, tell the public, huh!

Those seen here will lead you, forever
And we will not leave you, never
And our voices will ring (Ring!) together
As one (Awwwwwww)1Embed