47 ContributorsA Million and One Freestyle Lyrics
Yeah
It's (a million)

I freestyle battle niggas for (a million)
How many niggas bit the soul? 'Bout (a million)
How many hoes did I bone? 'Bout (a million)
Uh-uh, uh-uh, it's (a million), uh-uh
There's (a million) ways to die, choose one
(A million)

Look, lot of people askin' 'bout the money I made, me and Just Blaze
How are they for real, is them niggas really paid?
Rappers I met or dealt with direct
Is it true he won't send a beat tape until he get a check?
What's the position you hold?
Can you really match the Neptunes, check by check
If "H to the Izzo" is the only single that went gold?
If Roc-a-Fella shit fold and you move back to the 'Go
Is it back to ghost producer for D. Dot on the low?
For the millionth time askin' me
Questions like Toni Braxton, harassing me
Like, "You don't care about my son's feelings?"
Can I get a minute, you wack bitch? I ain't gotta jack shit
You heard "Takeover", who running this rap shit?
Ugh, fake tits, shut up and make hits
Can't we all just get along, spread love like Take 6?
What, you doin' beats in LA for Eminem and Dr. Dre?
Them niggas sold ten mill, I'm trying to get paid
We do this shit for entertainment
Bring guns to the arraignment
While the judge in the chamber
Let one up out the chamber, BLAOW!
You might also like
How many years did I wait? About (a million)
How many niggas tryin' to hate? About (a million)
But when a nigga count his cake, it's 'bout (a million)
Yeah

'04, College Dropout, I make the game different
I don't know what the hell y'all niggas been sniffin'
'Ye still flicking, hoes is my addiction
Five days out the week, you'll find me in the kitchen
Smashing the game, nigga, unlike you
'Cause these beats change the game and the hook's right too
I'm a crook like you
Cats back in the Chi was buying tracks for dirt cheap
Man, what could I do?
Knowing I'm supposed to style, I'm the fly-boy poster child
'Bout to be on Oprah now
It's ironic and whatnot how I put no ice in the Bulgari watch
Just to make it hot
Now you see me on stages, my hit résumés is two pages
For them niggas who played us
Feet just raises, booming like Masta Ace's
"Stand Up", number one, and there's more to come
All I got for hoes is hard dick and bubblegum
While y'all brick like Fred, Barney Rubble and them
Chi-Town in this bitch, what's fucking with them?
Not a damn thing, nigga, we doing our damn thing, BLAOW!
(A million)
Yeah
(A million)4Embed