24 ContributorsMr. Hood At Piocallee Jewelry / Crackpot Lyrics
 Let's enter this jewelry shop
 Ah, c'mon Mr. Piocalles man, hook it up. 14K, def bracelet, you can't beat it kid!
 No I cannot do that, this is not a pawn shop, this is Piocalles Jewelry! Ahh, Mr. Hood, my favorite customer! What can I do for you today?
 I would like to see some gold rings
 Ahh yes we have these stupid phat gold rings, perfect for your masculine hands
 Some earrings for my wife
 How about these elephant studded diamond earrings, perfect for the woman of your dreams
 And a watch, for my cousin
 Ahh yes we have a Rolex for just under three-thousand, seven-hundred and ninety-two
 That is a beautiful watch
 No, actually it's two-thousand, three-hundred and thirty-six green
 Many thanks for your help
 Yeah he's always trying to jerk people!
 My name is Mr. Hood. What is your name?
 Hmm... yeah I'm Zev Love X from KMD
 I am pleased to meet you
 Oh yeah likewise uhh, how ya doin' anyway?
 Perfectly well, thank you. And you?
 Oh I'm just chillin', ya see uh, but I got one problem, I come in here to pawn this bracelet. See ’cause this rhymin' for nickels business ain't makin' it. What I need is a job uh... Where you work at? They hiring?
 Follow this avenue (yeah) turn right at the corner (uh-huh), go to the left when you reach the square. (yeah), it is the house next to the theater
 Oh. Huh. Yeah I know the line of work you're in, yeah
 Would you care for a spoon?
 No go, I don't deal with that stuff
 They are not too expensive
 As a matter of fact...
You might also like
This reminds me of the days of dwelling with those
Who killed off the weak for fancy clothes and hoes too
Not opposed to the picket fence dream
But both lie on the same side of the gate
It seems that it's all coming back to me now
Yeah umm uhh I figured it was about two summers ago
No jokin', no one-eyed winkin'
It was uh Crackpot, yeah Crackpot Jenkins
I first met Crackpot in like Head Starts
Since then I knew he wasn't too head smart
As I scribbled in art he insisted on standing in the sandbox
To collect unknown amounts of pebbles and stones to throw rocks
"It's in the wrists", he said when telling me in early physics lessons
Two atoms can't occupy the same space at the same time
Acknowledged by the playground's bully Wesson
Who felt Pot's rock then cracked Pot's face
Considering his aim, I warned he could hurt others with his game
Miss Creissman warned the same
Although, he didn't care, did he, ’cause in a decade and one year
He continued to throw rocks for a career
Paid and more paid as he pelt rocks felt by
Every brother in brown with whom he dealt
One more rock thrown, ah shoot
Under the ground was a boy in a blue suit
Still a lot of rock throwing going on up the block
But a pocket full of pebbles what locked up Crackpot
Should've used his wrists for the cut like Subroc
Maybe then he'd have avoided the common phony jackpot
Yeah, phony jackpot
 Yo man, we got much better things to do with your time
 Show me something better
 What, something better? We built this place man. We're the Gods of the Universe, Kings and Queens of the planet
(If you or I could see this individual, we might call him an impractical dreamer, or a crackpot.)
 No, I'm not Crackpot
(Would you have seen the scientific, intellectual, creative genius, in a small ragged negro boy?)
 Uh-oh, uh-oh, oh no. You done set it off!3Embed