9 ContributorsBoogie Man! Lyrics
Wham! (Bam!) bound to slam
Comes the birthstone kid with his own jam
So, whatcha tellin' me? You thought I couldn't rip it solo?
But yo, for your info, if every wind blow
I rip a show, the crowd says ho, gotta go, gotta go
The Birthstone Kid can get busy, oh, when I flow, bro
So, check the style, God, don't even front on me
I gots the skills, your boy? He gots none on me
I gets my props, so, yo, Hops, I don't share it
And if a beeper doesn't work, then G, then why wear it?
Not about frontin', I never have, I never will be
If you swing, swing hard, God, you better kill me
I'm blowin' up like a SCUD missile hittin' land
So, take a stand, and wave your hand, 'cause I'm your Boogie Man!

You ain't tryin to hear the WHAT, maaan? I beg your pardon
This ain't the place to bass, you'll find your face up on a milk carton
Check it the message while I rip it somethin' love love
To shreds, I turn jheri curls to knotty dreads
Here's the style that I say I sorta brought along
Straight from the Island called Long, but we call it Strong
God Body, by God and George, I think I've got it
Funky as the Doo Doo Man, outside MC's were noddin'
Don't even bite my style, relax, be different
Pick up your pen but forget bombin', that option's senseless
I'm despicable but not lickable, you can't lick this
Try it Hops, you'll catch mops with the quickness
I got a sickness, called one-two-and-mic-check
And rippin' wreck and gettin' notice and all that
My style is that fat, I want you to know it and
Stay tuned you coon as I wreck it for the Boogie Man
You might also like
Now, check it, don't miss this, listen while I diss this
Sarcastic bastard, of which I've been mastered
You know the man, mankind let me say
Kind of like man the woman can't tolerate, he's low rate, anyway
He called you and I the Boogie Man (what?)
Webster's Dictionary, black man, look it up
But that's an emphatical (Now Cipher)
Okay, now that's that (Yo, Onyx, why don't you get hyper?)
Hyper shall I get just to make your wish granted, see
I rocks my tippity tippity, flex upon the planet, G
I'm is a God-zilla, because I fill a sucker with fear
Who gets a kick off drinkin' Miller Beer
I keep struttin', 'cause scrubs are sayin' nuttin'
The record Sub is cuttin', the Boogie Man is movin' his butt
And so it stay grit, no need to be offended
You can have your soul back because the Boogie Man is ended
Yeah, there it is, youknowwhatimsayin?
Devon he was tryin to call me the Boogie Man
Cause I can move like this, and like that
(And you can bop like this, and check it like that)
But yo God, I'll be the Boogie Man
Long as it's Boogie referrin to gettin down, knahmsayin?
(Word, got the soul)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (that's right, that's right)
Yeah, yeah, yeah
The Boogie the Boogie the Boogie Boogie Man
(Yeah, that's right) The Boogie Boogie Man
Yeah, yeah (do that stuff) yeah, yeah (do this God)
Yeah, yeah (do this God) yeah, yeah (bop like this, bop like that)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
And you don't stop (and you don't stop)
And you don't stop now (and you don't quit now)
Yeah, yeah, yeah (yo check it out yo)
Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh (check it out yo)
Uhh, uhh, uhh (that's how we do it, yeah)
1Embed