47 ContributorsWhat a Nigga Know? Lyrics
"He was a nigga yesterday, he's a nigga today, and he's gonna be a nigga tomorrow!"

What a niggy know
Yo a niggy know the game
What a niggy name, black?
X like the flick slick
What a nigga clique be?
The Kause, CM crew
What a niggy do?

Let the monkey out the zoo
It's on my back now repeat I'm the X
A biggy, not a bigot, pass that 40 man I'm tempted to swig
Save shit for after the gig, ya dig? (I dig it)
Buds like figs pick out sticks and twigs
Like Sub pick out wigs, I jigs like a shank (Uh)
Zev Love X, I be sex like swank
So crank up the cuts and get some ups on the Ziggy-ziggy
I gots ta, gots ta rock the mic and grab my niggy-niggy (Nuts!)
One two, sound off chumsy
Finna flip the script like roundoff summy
Yummy to the tooth, bitter to the tummy
Help keeps that monkey shit constipated for me
Jimmy, jimmy rummy, now where my money at fat?
Livin' like that Ziggy from the funnies cat, yeah
We both be in the papers
Me from pullin' capers with the gatt it's like that
You might also like
What a niggy know?
Your ho, she know why
What a niggy go by?
Dead roach, no joke
What a niggy smoke kid?
Nothin but the raw spots
What a niggy got?

Bis-a-busy is a what I get props yo I gets more
Stick 'em up a niggy boxed cause I gets raw
Lots of many many plenty of leeway
Subroc A.K.A Kingilizwe
Cock-a-doodle-do with the head up y'all
Like a quadruple fat goose I, swell up child
See ya diaper that leaks is soggy
I'll bungee jump kick ya butt like Miyagi
No curls, no braids but steel wool
With my ill style mad Gs I pull
I lay lower than a limbo stick
Follow me quick, or leave alone a jimbo stick
Can ya dig it? I roll rugged
Clock me dumb and my nigga will fly that nugget
To the drum y'all
Stung I caught y'all
I shadowbox that ass and teleport y'all
A yesh yesh y'alls
Like this y'all, like that y'all, to the beat y'all!
Like that y'all, to the beat y'all, yes yes y'all
Like that y'all, yes yes y'all, like this y'all
Like that y'all, like this y'all, like that y'all
To the beat y'all, like that y'all, to the beat y'all

Check it!
I'm the one hun if ya checkin' for the rhyme
Some for any party turn my hat back then mic check two
Ninety three for the time, c'mon everybody let's rock that
That, that, UUNGH, niggas shoulda known it
If I chase the cat I'mma bone it doggone it
And good riddance
I keep my funky mittens off them kittens and I don't quit
But if I catch the AIDS I'll be quittin' the bullshittin'
Written by the pen of the X, ak
The chicken crossed the street cause he seen me with a mask
Knockin' over trash cans and mailboxes on my block (KA-BLAOW!)
Sounded like a roc roc y'all

Like that y'all, to the beat y'all, yes yes y'all
Like that y'all, like that y'all, to the beat y'all
Yes yes y'all, like this y'all, yes yes y'all
Like that y'all, like that y'all, to the beat y'all
Like that y'all, like this y'all, like that y'all
To the beat y'all, like that y'all, like this y'all
Like that y'all, like this y'all, like that y'all
Like this y'all, like that y'all, to the beat!
...Ya black bastard!3Embed