10 ContributorsSubroc’s Mission Lyrics
Oh man (I need a shave and a haircut)
Yo, not now, man, like
Come back like, hour, hour and a half or something
You know what I'm saying?
You know, gotta make a quick phone call
Clippers be kinda hot
(I hope to see you sooner than you think)
Yeah, yeah

Well I guess I'm up and at 'em and I'm ask a say
I'm goin' and strollin' this typical day
So can I go, Mother may I? No, I may stay?
Okay, straight to the back and I'm out
Anyway they step to war bounds
More than can each and all my posse makes crazy pounds
Live from Diego to Shabone and that new kid Dave
He had a wooly dome, a afro he did save
This kid waited crazy long for a cut and shouted
"I do crave (A haircut and a shave)"
Yeah, mischief ran through my head, guess what?
My clippers are broke, I guess I treat him like a nut
He choose to do a capoof  the scald
Oops! My bad chief, you're half bald!
In a mirror he looked, side to side his head shook
And stopped wishin', til he knew... (it's the mission)
Now this mistake I bettered from, yeah, trust me now
Come, come and take your pick... from the barber Mr. Roc
It was the least and last trick, mm
Then again, sneaky might I get
Only if impatience in your heart is set
If patient, then be a cut patient G
And I'll seek to get it done in a jiffy
You know when Serch asked "Cut the 3-R-D-B"
I said "Sounds quick, can you draw it so I can see?"
He said “Draw what, Sub? The barber is you!
Must I sketch when I know offhand you can do?"
By this compliment I became conceited
I said “I cannot be topped! Another cut completed!”
I said with no heso' and stopped
Just to be blocked by the words he did mock to say...
You might also like
This is the mission of the day, in fact! It's the mission
This is the mission of the day, in fact! It's the mission
This is the mission of the day, in fact! It's the mission
This is the mission of the day

Again and again I gonna guess where or when
Is this mad mission's going to end?
And so a new trend will begin and bend ya soul to the bone
KMD rocks styles of they own
I beg ya pardon? Me if I offend any race
Culture person, people think I may be place
Went out to here, buddy Sub's in town
Come in my face, we go rounds
I study I Self And Master
(Yo God you left out Lord) help me out I'm hazy
Oh ZLX gimme a pause
(What are you doin on the mixin' board, are you crazy!?)
Crazy in tempo with the universe, yeah that's me
I give little Mike the chance to stay on beat
(I'd like to dance and tap my feet but they won't keep in rhythm)
What is it?

This is the mission of the day, in fact! It's the mission
This is the mission of the day, in fact! It's the mission
This is the mission of the day, in fact! It's the mission
This is the mission of the day, in fact! It's the mission
Take your choice but the voice you choose
You be more than fat, cause the noise is thick
And that gets picked quick in twos
Goin' for self, ya best to sip booze
Who will lose to fall when they know what stood?
How now they all separating ill from good
He said it loud and that they should cup
The whole crowd was proud and then learned to book up
Look up, better look it up, take a peek where ya stand
With a Nubian tan, ya strange in this land
Oh yeah that's right, I'll judge the fruit
I don't care of it, not a bit, don't hand me that shoe
I'll help to shape and mold
My boys before dense is turned to stone
And then I can escape to a world of my own
This is the mission of today, in fact! (It's the mission)

Who that? Come in
(I will like to introduce my friend, Mr. Smith)
Yo, what's up, man? What you need?
(Well, look I want a haircut)
Come on now, I told you I ain't?
(Listen, shorty I'd tell you what I'll do)
(If you give me a haircut I will promise you not to pay you)
Not to pay me? Man, I'm sorry
(Listen, shorty, this is silly! Shorty, you ain't no help to me at all, you know that?)
Man, I ain't trying to be no help
(No, no, none of that stuff is helping me out, so gimme a haircut as long as I adjourn)Embed