166 ContributorsCan’t Knock the Hustle Lyrics
Ah shit, okay, okay, alright
Big man! You wanna make some big bucks, huh?
Let's see how tough you are
You know something about cocaine? Digame!
You kidding me or what man?
There's a bunch of Colombians coming in Friday - new guys
They said they got two keys for us, for openers
Pure cocaine, you tell 'em, capiche?
I want you to go over there
And if it is what they say it is, you buy it, you bring it back
You can do that you make five grand
Meet them at the Bodegas, noon Friday
You get the buy money then
Oh and chico, if anything happens to the buy money
Eh, pobrecito
JAY-Z's gonna stick your heads up your asses faster than a rabbit gets fucked

Bounce.. bounce, bounce, Jay-Z huh?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, Roc-A-Fella y'all, ha ha
Bounce, bounce, bounce, Roc-A-Fella y'all
Check, check
You might also like
Yo, I'm making short term goals when the weather folds
Just put away the leathers, and put ice on the gold
Chilly with enough bail money to free a Big Willie
High stakes, I got more at stake than Philly
Shopping sprees, cop in three
Deuce fever IS's fully loaded, ah, yes
Bouncing in the Lex Luger, tires smoke like Buddha
50 G's to the crap shooter, niggas can't fade me
Chrome socks beaming
Through my peripheral I see you scheming
Stop dreaming, I leave your body steaming
Niggas is fiending, what's the meaning?
I'm leaning on any nigga intervening
With the sound of my money machining (brrrr)
My cup runneth over with hundreds
I'm one of the best niggas that done it, six digits and running
Y'all niggas don't want it!
I got the Godfather flow, the Don Juan DeMarco
Swear to God, don't get it fucked up!
I'm taking out this time (Yeah, yeah, what)
To give you a piece of my mind
('Cause you can't knock the hustle)
Who do you think you are?
Baby, one day you'll be a star
Last seen out of state where I drop my sling
I'm deep in the South, kicking up top game
Bouncing on the highway, switching fo' lanes
Screaming through the sunroof, money ain't a thang
Your worst fear confirmed
Me and my fam roll tight like The Firm
Getting down for life, that's right, you better learn
Why play with fire? You burn
We get together like a choir, to acquire what we desire
We do dirt like worms, produce G's like sperm
'Til legs spread like germs
I got extensive hoes with expensive clothes
And I sip fine wines and spit vintage flows
What y'all don't know?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, 'cause you can't knock the hustle

But until then lately, I'm the one who's crazy?
'Cause that's the way you're making me feel
('Cause you can't knock the hustle)
The way you make me feel
I'm just trying to get mine, I don't have the time
To knock the hustle for real

Yo, y'all niggas lunching, punching the clock
My function is to make much and lay back munching
Sipping Remy on the rocks, my crew something to watch
Nothing to stop, un-stoppable
Scheme on the ice, I gotta hot your crew
I gotta, let you niggas know the time like Movado
My motto, stack rocks like Colorado
Waddle off the champagne, Cristals by the bottle
It's a damn shame what you're not though, (Who?) me!
Slick like a gato, fucking Jay-Z
My pops knew exactly what he did when he made me
Tried to get a nut, and he got a nut, and.. what!?
Straight bananas; can a nigga see me?
Got the US Open, advantage Jigga
Serve like Sampras, play fake rappers like a campus
Le Tigre, son, you're too eager
You ain't having it? Good! Me either
Let's get together and make this whole world believe us, huh?
At my arraignment, screaming
All us blacks got is sports and entertainment, until we even
Thieving, as long as I'm breathing
Can't knock the way a nigga eating, fuck you even!
I'm taking out this time, to give you a piece of my mind
Who do you think you are?
Baby, one day you'll be a star
But until then lately, I'm the one who's crazy?
'Cause that's the way you're making me feel
I'm just trying to get mine, I don't have the time
To knock the hustle for real36Embed