43 ContributorsCuDi Spazzin Lyrics
Cleveland style
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Plain Pat, what up

Whoa, Nellie, I don't even think they ready
They flow is too shitty, not me I can't get with it
Gon' with it, Kid Cudi the illy, rep my city
In the navy blue Cutlass, no roof above him
Hoes, they love 'em, model girls I cut and fuck 'em
Hey, I rep that double-O, you ain't on the ho
I got my man Chip the Rip wit' a Spanish bitch takin' flicks
And she gon take a lick, yeah, mami
Later on, we gettin' sushi, mami eatin' edamame
West Coast so I'm ghost, holla at my nigga Travie
We wheelin', pick up the Heroes or the Gym Class topping
The charts with the art that exhibits couldn't exhibit
The grizzle, I live it, run passed the timid livin'
In the bubble, keep the number when I mumble
Wit skill, red-rum them trynna figure out him
Baptize myself in the river of Henn-essy

Open up your heart and you will understand me
Fall into the music and let yourself go
Open up your heart and you will understand me
Fall into the music and let yourself
You might also like
Go, go, Mach 5 flow
Do you want mo' you shall receive with a sea
Deep in the realm if you felt like you were alone, no fair
Salute the underdog, I am here in the clear
Over there, niggas ain't diff, what if
I was them, I would be a simp, no dopeness
Will ever, ever be my aura (Aura)
Steve Urkel nigga, lookin' for a Laura
Proceed, I am the One, too cliché to call me Neo
If anything dope has arrived rap wise as far as overall killin'
Body, embody him, now that the mores to accommodate the carcasses (carcasses)
My heart is titanium alloy
So if you come up with ploys to destroy my passion
I'ma tell you now, you are better off passin' (Passin')
Stop writin' checks that your ass can't cash in, bro (Bro)

Open up your heart and you will understand me
Fall into the music and let yourself go
Open up your heart and you will understand me
Fall into the music and let yourself
Open up your heart and you will understand me
Fall into the music and let yourself go

Yeah, yeah, yo, yo
Plain Pat, what up? Emile, what up?
Dot Da Genius, what up? Rob Walker, what up?
Wale, what up? Travis, what up?
88, what up? Kanye, what up?
SK, what up? My nigga, Hawk, what up?
10.Deep, what up? Choo Choo, what up?
My nigga Ritz, what up? My nigga Zully, what up?
Pitbull, what up? Big Poe, what up?
Mickey Factz, what up? Kidz in the Hall, what up?
Brooklyn, what up? Cleveland, what up?
Cincinnati, what up? Columbus, what up?
Toledo, what up? Ohio, what up? Uh3Embed