44 ContributorsGimmie That Money Lyrics
Back when I was a young nigga playing in the sand
I had some big dreams so I made a little plan
You was out partying while I was thinking in advance
Tryna get right hoping that one day I'd be the man
The years went by, I was M.I.A
I got rid of all of the niggas that was in my way
I saved nickels and quarters till I could afford a studio
To record and then get money off the shit I say
Then my dream came true and the fraud niggas came out
See me ballin' out, they think we all gettin' paid now
Talking like "Hopsin, oh you're a great pal"
Fuck you, stick my balls in your dang mouth
Now every other week you hit me up for money
Frontin' like you always been down (pal!)
But back then when a nigga was living bummy
Your ass was nowhere to be found (wow!)
Look my nigga (Marcus) I ain't tryin to be one of ya fake ass goldigger
Homies that's not it (That's not what I'm doin')
But can I borrow 500 dollars, I'mma pay ya ass back next week
I promise (Please)

I can't even make friends
'Cause all they ever do is ask for my money
They like, "Let me have this, let me have that
Let me have this" and they keep on coming, man
"Let me get a dollar, give me that money!
Let me get a dollar, give me that money!
Let me get a dollar, give me that money!
Let me get a dollar, give me that money!"
You might also like
There was a chick I asked out back in ’06
Made her a love song, and she was like “No bitch”
Gave me the song back, and I was like “Oh shit
I’m so stupid, I should’ve never wrote this”
She was a dime piece, top of the list
A Latin girl, and her skin had a tropical twist
She never used to call me, I always had to call her
And deep down inside it was making my heart hurt
So, her life went on, she didn’t even involve me
Then last year I ran into her in a Walgreens
She was like, “Marcus, how are you? (Oh my God)
You finally made it, I’m so proud of you”
So, the next day she called me and asked to kick it
For the sake of the old me that was sad, I did it
Come to find out she was never that terrific
Especially a week later when she asked me this shit
“Hey um, Marcus, I really, really hate to be a bother
But my rent is due, and I’m like broke as fuck
So, can you please lend me ten hundred dollars, please”

I can't even make friends
'Cause all they ever do is ask for my money
They like, "Let me have this, let me have that
Let me have this" and they keep on coming, man
"Let me get a dollar, give me that money!
Let me get a dollar, give me that money!
Let me get a dollar, give me that money!
Let me get a dollar, give me that money!"
Mmm-hmm
See, my ex girl think she slick
Man, let me tell ya how she tried to do me
She said she didn’t have a vehicle to drive to work in
So, she came and asked me for 2 Gs
And although I wasn’t that concerned
She said her mom would pay me back, soon as she got her tax return
So, I committed and did it, thinkin’ she wouldn’t forget it
But she forgot it, now my stomach got a nasty burn
I called her! And said, “Bitch! Where my money?! You got that?!”
She said, “Not yet, see my mom’s mad
She said she isn’t gonna pay, you can drop dead
'Cause I got into a fight with her, she’s a hot head”
I’m like, “That’s between you two, not me!
What the hell does that have to do with my cheese!”
She said, “Ok, ok, stop please
I swear I’ll pay it all back Marcus, in five weeks”
Huh, five weeks huh?
It’s been three months and I ain’t even heard from her
Changed her damn number, shit
Bitch played me like a dumb motherfucker

I can't even make friends
'Cause all they ever do is ask for my money
They like, "Let me have this, let me have that
Let me have this" and they keep on coming, man
"Let me get a dollar, give me that money!
Let me get a dollar, give me that money!
Let me get a dollar, give me that money!
Let me get a dollar, give me that money!"
Give me that dough, give me that money!
Give me that cheese, give me that money!
Give me that yea, yea, yea, give me that money!
Yea, yea, give me that money!
Say yea, yea, yea, yea
Baby, give me that yea, yea, yea, yea
Give me that yea yea, yea, yea! Ha
This for the bitches that oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo-oo
Fuck, I don’t think I’m gonna be able to pay Marcus back
Ah7Embed