181 ContributorsII. Zealots of Stockholm  Lyrics
When we were coming down, they said it was too soon
I never had to lie, no, no, no, no
When we were coming down, they left us all alone
We're headed nowhere, nowhere
I know you've been around, I feel you in and out
How are you? Do you sleep? Are you with me?
We used to be unspoken
Now everything is broken, I'm a good son
You're a good son
You're a good son, oh
You're a good son
Oh, you're a good son


Free information, free information
Free information, free informa— ma—

Arlanda, hotel to the bar
Young girl with an accent with her back bent
Ass out to the whole world
We can vibe out for the night
Stepping outside for a light
No coke and I just smoke vapor, no papers
Slow poke and I don't know 'bout photos
Let's go though
How old are you?
Saying that you never date older dudes
Why I never wanna say no to you
The coldest dude to hold a groove with no kids
The coldest dude who can't hold his Goose (Woo!)
"I'ma walk out; wanna walk too?"
What about dude?
"Fuck him, I just really wanna feel something"
You might also like
It took me like, five minutes to figure out
Like, where the voice memos were on the phone
But I figured it out
Okay, so, can we just–

Is it real 'cause you're online?
Is it real 'cause you're online?
Is it real 'cause you're online?
Is it real 'cause you're online?


I'm a freaky bitch
I am five-foot-eight, 390
And I am a freaky bitch

Heathen, it's a struggle just to keep breathing
Existential asthmatic, puff, puff, pass addict
Craftmatic, making moves, but they sleeping on me
We can kick it like it's FIFA, homie
Nevertheless, I got that fresh like it was Crest
Grind 'cause I'm stressed
TMJ or TMI, it's a lie that you're living
I never understood the hate on a nigga preference
When every marriage is a same-sex marriage
Same sex everyday, monotonous
Lost God, never pray, forgotten us
Lost love, never say it just like our parents
Too much power ain't enough power
Brain splattered like I've fallen off a watch tower
And anybody can walk into any Denny's
And wait 'til I'm walkin' in it
With a gun that they 3D printed and finish it
Kinison said, "If you gon' miss Heaven, why do it by two inches?"
Old money and new bitches
Old money and new bitches
Getting next level in a hotel
Ain't shit that we don’t need, nigga, oh well
157Embed