143 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolAin’t It Funny Lyrics
Verbal couture, parkour with the metaphors
The flow house of horror, dead bolted with metal doors
Grinch bitch, six sense with a nose drip
Mind skydive, sniffing bumps in the cockpit
Locksmith of hip-hop, appraisal the wrist watch
The rocks bout the size as the teeth in Chris Rock's mouth
Sock out the mic, prototype for Adderall
Your work killing fiends 'cause you cut it with Fentanyl
So much coke just to sniff, need a ski lift
Flip your table over if you cut it with the bullshit
Nosebleed on red carpets, but it just blend in
Snapping pictures feeling my chest being sunk in
Live a fast life, seen many die slowly
Unhappy when they left so I try to seize the moment

Funny how it happens who ever would imagine
That joke's on you but Satan the one laughing

Ain't it funny how it happens?
Ain't it? ain't it funny how it happens?
Ain't it? ain't it funny how it happens?
Ain't it?
You might also like
I can sell honey to a bee
In the fall time, make trees, take back they leaves
Octopus in a straight jacket, savage with bad habits
Broke, serving fiends, got rich, became a addict
Ain't it funny how it happens, who would ever would imagine
Nose running right now, could ya pass me a napkin?
Managed to somehow to have the upper advantage
Panic when the drugs are gone and nobody is answering
Ain't it funny how it happens?
Ain't it, ain't it funny how it happens?
No way to mask it, a lot became has beens
Rolling up that hundred dollar bill till they cash in
Thinks it gone last, going too fast
Man, it's fucked up, ain't it funny how it happens?

Ain't it funny how it happens?
Ain't it? ain't it funny how it happens?
Ain't it? ain't it funny how it happens?
Ain't it?

Ain't it funny how it happens? Upcoming heavy traffic
Say ya need to slow down 'cause you feel yourself crashing
Staring in the devil face but ya can't stop laughing
Staring in the devil face but ya can't stop laughing
It's a living nightmare, that most of us might share
Inherited in our blood, it's why we stuck in the mud
Can’t quit the drug use or the alcohol abuse
Even if I wanted to, tell you what I'm gonna do
I’ma wash away my problems with this bottle of Henny
Anxiety got the best of me so I'm popping them Xannies
Might need rehab but to me that shit pussy
Pray for me y'all 'cause I don't know what coming to me
Bought a 8-ball of coke and my nigga on the way
Got three hoes with him and they all tryna play
Funny how it happens who ever would imagine
That joke's on you but Satan the one laughing

Ain't it funny how it happens?
Ain't it? ain't it funny how it happens?
Ain't it? ain't it funny how it happens?
Ain't it?54Embed