156 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolPortuguêsTürkçe​sweet sweet Lyrics
(Whistling)

'Cause you're sweet
Sak pasé? (It's lit)
Wah yah seh? (Wah yah seh?)
Run it up (Yah), all this cake (Yah, yah)
Bag it up (Yah), den come right away (Yah, yah!)
'Cause you're sweet (Yah, yah-yah!)
What's your status? (Yah)
Yah, might hit your address, if I'm on them Addys (Yah)
Jet right to you, I can't do no traffic (Skrrr, skrrr)
I can't do no lacking (Skrrr, skrrr)

'Cause you're sweet—sweet—like cocoa
But all you wanna do is the coco (Yah)
Hangin' out with you is a no go (Yah, yah-yah, straight up)
'Cause you're sweet (Sweet, sweet), like cocoa
But all you wanna do is the coco (Sweet, sweet, sweet)
Hangin' out with you is a no go (Sweet, sweet, sweet)
'Cause you're sweet (Sweet)

Like my time, like my juice (Sweet, sweet)
We been downstairs in the basement with the moves (Sweet, yah)
Shout my town, shout my troops (Shout, shout)
Shout my jeweler, made my chain look like Froot Loops, yuh (It's lit)
Come get a taste, come get a scoop (Scoop)
I done made it out the hood through all the hoops (Hula hoops)
I done finally found a way to make the loot (Make the loot)
Link up all my niggas and my Jewels, yuh (High up)
Link up, link up, yuh, link up, pour my syrup (Yah)
Diamonds, yeah, they link up, link up
Go berserk, do some shit you think of (Yah, yah)
Lean, lean, lean, all this lean, lean, lean
We might lean, lean, lean (Oh)
Smoke all my shit (Shit)
Stop it, start again (Yah)
You might also like
'Cause you're sweet (Yah), like cocoa
But all you wanna do is the coco
Hangin' out with you is a no go

'Cau-, 'cause you're sweet, yuh
Sak pasé? (Yah)
Wah yah seh? (Yah, yah)
Runnin' up (Yah), all this cake (Yah)
Bag it up (Bag it up), den come right away

When I ask who bigger (Yah)
Ain't tryna argue with ya, I'm tryna figure (Straight up)
Who you with, who your team, what your side? (Yah)
How you, how you, how you ride? (Skrrr, skrrr)
How you use me to survive? (Straight up)
Yuh, 'cause we up, lit at five (Oh)
At the crib goin' live, oh, so live (Yuh)
Eric hit the strippers, yuh, order V Live (Yah)
Order wings, told em' hold it (Hold it)

'Cause you're sweet (It's lit), like cocoa (It's lit)
But all you wanna do is the coco (Yah, yah)
Hangin' out with you is a no go (Straight up)
'Cause you're sweet like cocoa
But all you wanna do is the coco
Hangin' out with you is a no go
'Cause you're sweet96Embed