8 ContributorsLil’ Drummer Boy Lyrics
Will the court please rise?
Judge Funk Doctor Spock residing
Your honor, Lil' Kim is a threat to society
She has shown a blatant disregard for the law
And has killed six fine law enforcement agents in the line of duty
For the vicious acts, she should be punished to the fullest extent of the law

Pardon me your honor, may I address the bench?
They tryna assassinate me like they did to Larry Flynt
Excuse my persona
I may be hardcore but I'm not Jeffrey Dahmer
Ever since I killed 'em, I ain't been in trouble since
It wasn't my fault, I acted out of self-defense
He killed my best friend (Who's him?) I mean them
They was all dressed in blue and they want me dead too
They had real grenade bombs inside of their palms
And a whole bunch of guns wrapped tight in their arms
See them bastards woke me up when they broke my alarm
I was getting my ass licked by this cat named Tom
(Stop!) I heard three guns cocked, that's when Tom dropped
They sent the bow and arrow right through his tank top
(Oh, she's lying!) Lying? Blood was gushing on the floor
Fingerprints all on the door, need I say more?
Pulled out the remote can and shot blows after blow, ploom!
Queen off her toes, they fell down like dominoes
I think it was the Matrix, I mean it was the Matrix
What was I to do? Sit back and just take this?
Yo, I'm tellin' you now If I lose this debate
Like in Dead Presidents I'm going out like Larenz Tate
See I ain't gon be stupid, I'ma take all y'all to the shift
I should be able to say what I want, what the fuck I plead the fifth?
(Now Kim, Kim) Fuck that Cee-Lo, I got to save the world
The first female king and they mad 'cause I'm a girl
You might also like
Uh, with all due respect your honor
Excuse my client's temperament
Who has had social intelligence?
With so much innocence we have to implement
She was slightly out of place
But if you grant us a grain of your grace
I'll assure you it's only stress due to the severity of the case
Imagine for a minute, yourself in the same shoes
The same sense of survival and the same nothing to lose
Your children, your lovely wife, I mean look at her
The only thing she's guilty of is having no choice in the matter

Lord I cry (I cry) from the things I've seen (that I've seen)
And Lord I cry (I cry) from the things I've seen (ooh)
If you only knew (only knew) the things that I've been through
(Oh yeah) you'd know why (you'd know why-y-y)
You'd know why I cry, I cry, I cry
(Order! Order! Order!
Order! Order! Order!)

Order in the courts, I'm examining her thoughts
And the notes on why you started slaughtering the fort
The men dressed in blue, they were undercover cops
Hungry to see another black motherfucker shot
They ran up in your spot and no one gave the orders
Even Tom was tapped with a mic and a tape recorder
(He was in on it too!)
Yeah
(Yeah, I guess I should've knew)
Yeah
(Objection, your honor!)
Yo, objection overruled!
I know the news they tried to pay the grand jury
To give you life sentence with parole up in thirty
Now that's dirty, surveillance and you debate
Fuck Will! Now you're the new Enemy of the State
Angela Bobbett's cake compared to you
And Junior Mafia, that clique ain't scared to move
So, they took precautions
Grenades from all force and
Professional marksman with four fours of war hymn
But you stopped, dropped, rolled and duck
Shot back other bitches would've folded up
Now, that's my kind of bitch
I know I'm the judge
But I love that bitch
And I'm coming with her
Creme of the crop, and me, I'ma hold her down
Resign with A-K's so we blowing the trial
Look, it's a setup
Yo, Kim come on
(I'm right behind you, baby)
Yo, Kim, come on
(I'm right here with you man)
Lord I cry, I cry
From the things that I've seen
That I've seen...Embed