16 ContributorsPretty Diamonds Lyrics
Yeah (Ooh), uh-huh
Woah, oh-oh, it's Breezy (Ooh)
Yeah, yeah
And Young Jeezy (Ha)
Drip
(Ooh) Oh
Yeah (Ooh), uh-huh (Ooh)
Yeah, yeah
Oh, you look
Yeah

You look better than some pretty diamonds (Yeah-yeah, yeah!)
You look better than some pretty diamonds (Yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah!)
You lookin' better than some pretty diamonds
Spendin' all my time and money (Yeah)
Girl, just look where you at (Ha)
All of them shoes and bags
Poppin' them tags, spendin' money on your ass
You lookin' better than some pretty diamonds (Yeah-yeah, oh-wee)
You look better than some pretty diamonds (Yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah)
You lookin' better than some pretty diamonds
Believe what you want (Yeah), you know I ain't gotta lie (Uh)
You know a diamond's a girl's best friend (Haha, yeah)
You might also like
Woke up to a bag (Ayy), I might just go and splurge today (What up? Drip)
Called this little baddie up (What's up?), pulled up on her ándale (Yeah)
She got that tight charisma (Ayy), make the hardest nigga shy (Shy)
I said she got that type charisma (Yeah), make the lamest nigga try (Leggo, uh)
And you know she independent (Okay, hey) just like that Boosie song (What up? Woo)
When we 'bout to set it off (Okay), we like to throw that Boosie on (What up? Yeah)
Fuck that girl all on my safe (What up? Uh), fuck that girl all in my Wraith (What up? Uh)
Even in the Caddy truck (Uh, okay), I'm throwin' boxers on my waist (Leggo)
Bitch, you know you're fuckin' with? (Okay) Bitch, it's Mr. Make It Happen
All these pretty jewels and shiny shit, I didn't get that rappin' (Yeah)
Nigga anythin' and everythin' is sexy 'bout this broad
Look, I gotta pace myself, can't bust too quick, so help me God (Ow!)

'Cause she look better than some pretty diamonds (Yeah-yeah)
You look better than some pretty diamonds (Yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, haha)
You lookin' better than some pretty diamonds (Yeah)
Spendin' all my time and money
Girl, just look where you at (Ayy, what's up?)
All of them shoes and bags (Woo)
Poppin' them tags (Ayy), spendin' money on your ass (Leggo)
You lookin' better than some pretty diamonds (Uh, yeah-yeah, oh-wee)
You look better than some pretty diamonds (Yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, what's up?)
You lookin' better than some pretty diamonds
Believe what you want (Yeah), you know I ain't gotta lie (Lie to you)
You know a diamond's a girl's best friend (Hey, hey, leggo, yeah)
The devil wears Prada (Uh, hey), she be in that Louis too
You know her when you see her (Uh, oh), she gon' be the coldest in the crew (What's up? Yeah, oh)
Type to take your heart out and walk on it with red bottoms (Oh)
Have the whole city talkin' 'bout, I think the hate got 'em (Oh, haha, haha)
She the type to say that she ain't fuckin' on the first night (Yeah! Uh, please don't, first night, hey)
I'm the type of nigga (Oh, type) have her naked at the first light (Uh, please don't, what up? Yeah)
Call me Mr. Delta (Oh), yeah, I put her on the first flight (Woah)
Once I work the left and then I hit her with that first right (Hey)
I'm in my zone if I say so myself (Say so myself)
I played the game with the cards I was dealt (Uh, yeah)
Leave out the club, then we go get a room (Yeah)
She leave when we done and I'm leavin' at noon (Uh, yeah)
The sexiest thing about her gotta be her confidence (Yeah, what up? Yeah)
And if I say I want it twice a week, then that's a compliment (Yeah, uh, ow!)

You look better than some pretty diamonds (Hey, yeah-yeah, diamonds, yeah)
You look better than some pretty diamonds (Yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah, what's up?)
You lookin' better than some pretty diamonds
Spendin' all my time and money
Girl, just look where you at (Oh-oh)
All of them shoes and bags
Poppin' them tags, spendin' money on your ass
You lookin' better than some pretty diamonds (Yeah-yeah, oh-wee)
You look better than some pretty diamonds (Yeah-yeah, yeah-yeah)
You lookin' better than some pretty diamonds
Believe what you want, you know I ain't gotta lie
You know a diamond's a girl's best friend
On the road gettin' my money up (Yeah)
Oh, you thought that I wasn't man enough I would leave you (Yeah), yeah
I gave you my love and you didn't (Yeah), you didn't (Yeah), you didn't
I know I, I know I threw this shit in your face (Yeah)
I was rippin' and runnin' the streets, I was havin' them babies (Babies, oh)
Never thought this could happen to me, God
Now my mind racin' (Yeah)
I never intended this to be (Nah)
That was my last chance
I bought these diamonds just so you won't leave (You look)

You look better than some pretty diamonds (Yeah-yeah, oh)
You look better than some pretty diamonds (Yeah-yeah, oh-oh, yeah-yeah)
You lookin' better than some pretty diamonds
Spendin' all my time and money (Girl)
Girl, just look where you at
All of them shoes and bags (Yeah)
Poppin' them tags (Yeah), spendin' money on your ass (Yeah)
You lookin' better than some pretty diamonds (Yeah-yeah, oh-wee)
You look better than some pretty diamonds (Yeah-yeah, yeah, yeah-yeah)
You lookin' better than some pretty diamonds
Believe what you want, you know I ain't gotta lie
You know a diamond's a girl's best friend5Embed