117 ContributorsSag My Pants Lyrics
Yeah, Hopsin, Funk Volume
C'mon, keep sleepin' on me!
Hollywood-ass rappers, bitch-ass females!
Huh, that's enough to make a nigga flip

Yeah, I erupt like a bomb, so give up the baton
I'll slap you after bustin' a fuckin' nut in my palm
Why you muggin' me like somethin' was wrong?
Just take a puff of the bong
And let me leave your mind corrupt from the song
See, you can't stop me, 'cause I'ma brainwash teens
And create false dreams, 'cause it pays﻿ off clean
I'm just an idiotic, ironic, symbolic, Illuminatic product
That's gonna be killed if I talk about it (Shhh!)
This industry bidness is all screwed up
I have no favorite rapper, because all you suck
I sever the weakest niggas who not on my pedigree
'Cause on a tombstone is as hard as their name will ever be
I'm judged by my wild image a lot
And everybody seems to think I have a sinister plot
I do! Be offended by every sentence I jot
I got some militant thoughts
And you ain't killin' 'em off, so listen!
You might also like
I sag my pants until my ass shows
I even slap hoes (Bitch!)
Yeah, I'm an asshole, yeah, yeah
And your parents hate me 'cause I love you (So?)
Tell 'em I said "Fuck you!"
Yeah, I said "Fuck you!" — yeah, yeah

I snuck in Drake's house when he was alone inside (Uh-oh)
You can say I have a bogus mind (Yep)
I dimmed the lights down and closed the blinds (Yep)
Around his neck is where my rope was tied (Yep)
I yanked on it 'til it broke his spine (Yeah!)
Lately I been fuckin' pissed off (Why?)
'Cause everybody's sayin' Lil Wayne spits raw (Oh)
I'll start a big brawl, and slam his ass into a brick wall (Ow)
And have a fat nigga sit on him, Rick Ross (Gross)
I don't play with this rap shit
I got no life, I stay in the attic
Fuck a rap career, I'm waitin' to smash it
Soulja Boy, you﻿ got a corny flow (True)
So you can suck my fuckin' dick through a glory hole (Uhh)
I'm just bein' me, what you tryna hate for?
All you niggas is faker than Lupe Fiasco claimin' he skateboards (Haha)
Yeah right, that nigga can't even ollie
Push him away on the dolly, not even Satan can stop me—what!
I sag my pants until my ass shows
I even slap hoes (Bitch!)
Yeah, I'm an asshole, yeah, yeah
And your parents hate me 'cause I love you (So?)
Tell 'em I said "Fuck you!"
Yeah, I said "Fuck you!" — yeah, yeah

I'm prolly the sickest motherfucker who don't get recognized
Eazy-E's wife's life somewhere now jeopardized
She signed me and I was set aside
For like three and a half years, I don't think I remember why
I'm fuckin' dope, and this is my reward?
That's wacker than the 500 dollars you signed me for
Eazy's dead now, yeah, the label's finally yours
Too bad he never knew that you were just a grimy whore
You can't maintain what Eric built (Nah!)
I know he's in his grave, turnin' like a ferris wheel (Ha!)
Don't think you cool just 'cause you inherit mills (Shit)
Bitch, bare the skills! I'm Hopsin, I spit shit so unfair and real
I got some deep, dark issues within
All because you lied and tried to pretend you a friend
Fuck Ruthless! Bitch, I'll never lend you a hand!
And I'ma make sure nobody ever sign wit' you again
You know why?
I sag my pants until my ass shows
I even slap hoes (Bitch!)
Yeah, I'm an asshole, yeah, yeah
And your parents hate me 'cause I love you (So?)
Tell 'em I said "Fuck you!"
Yeah, I said "Fuck you!" — yeah, yeah56Embed