6 ContributorsIntro Lyrics
The sun don't shine it's hot here
The streets don't look the same but it's hot here

Hey Montana! Yo Ghost, Hey Tony Starks! (Hey Tony.) Hey Tony Starks! Hey Ghostface!
GHOSTFACE: Yo, yo, yo
PERSON 1: Excuse me, yeah, Tony Starks, how long did it take you to complete this album? That's what we wanna know. That's what- that's what the people really wanna know
GHOSTFACE: It's none of your fucking business, man, you heard? Let's move on with the next fucking question, man
2: Yo Ghost! Ghost! Yeah this is Z-Dog! We see the cameras, we see the reporters, forget all that. (Uh-huh) What I'm trying to see is how are you gonna do it for the people on the streets?
GHOSTFACE: I'ma do it how I been doing it. You know what I mean ain't nothing but a different label pa, you need to stay in school man, straight up, get that education...
3: Yo Ghost, Ghost! This is Nina Chantele reppin the MIA. I wanna know how's the game changed since you revealed your face man?
GHOSTFACE: The game got real, you know what I'm saying? But I'm back now, I'll crush all that bullshit. Next question
4: What do you think about those fake-ass gangsters out there son?
GHOSTFACE: Niggas is pussy man. Them niggas know my style, they can't fuck with me man. You know what I mean? It's Tone right here nigga. Word up
5: Hey Ghostface! We wanna know why don't you roll with big bodyguards? You know, like the other guys do?
You might also likeGHOSTFACE: Cause I don't need them motherfuckers. God is my bodyguard, nigga. You know what time it is man, it's real
6: Hey yo, Ghostface, look-a here. I had a fight over my Wallys (What up pop?), you know the blue and green ones? I mean my gear was stolen! You think you can spare a brother a pair?
GHOSTFACE: Yeah you know what you do? Just meet me outside, meet me near the door when I leave out of here, I got you, baby
7: Yo Ghost Ghost, one more question man. Me and the fans wanna know, what's up with you and Wu-Tang? Man what's really good?
GHOSTFACE: Ain't nothing bro, we just in the grind right now, everybody getting their shit together, doing they solo projects, we gonna come back to smash the world
8: Yo, Ghost man, I got a new insurance company out there, man called AFLAC!!! with the fucking duck!
GHOSTFACE: I hear ya bro, stop eating that pork
9: Fuck you, Toney! You robbed my brother in Expo! Punk bitch! I dare you to do it again!
GHOSTFACE: Somebody get'er out of here. (Bitch let me go!) Somebody get her outta here...
10: Nappy-hair weave bitch getcho ass up out of here! You got them tracks... you got them tracks off Amtrak!Embed