23 ContributorsLittle Chicago Boy Lyrics
How should I begin?
This is the story of a boy named Lonnie Lynn
As I say it, the spirits enwhip me
He was raised in the belly of the city
Chicago, discovered by du Sable
A Black Frenchman that I had to mention
Extensions of a young man raised on a low end
47th and Michigan, lackin' a little discipline
Know Grandma Mable did the best she could
You know how young niggas want a testy hood
There he stood, taller than most black boys
One of the best ballers out of Illinois
College in Ohio, this is like his bio
Talks that we had, man, they was never idle
He talked about readin' the Quran and the Bible
He talked how he smoked dope and sold it for survival
He talked about the ancestors, in our lives; they're vital
He said y'all niggas love the bang 'cause you tribal
Spiral of life, Chicago to Denver
Anywhere he went, of attention, he's the center
6'9", big heart, big mind
He he spent a lifetime tryin' to be big time
He did in a way, he made to the ABA
And the things he say on my record
When I was a shawty, he bought me "The Message"
It was his messages in the life I would step with
Didn't see him much, spirits are connected
The Father creates it, the son can reflect it
His perspective: sometimes seemed crazy
His perspective: sometimes seemed brilliant
His perspective: somehow it shaped me
His perspective: undoubted I feel it
He'd walk around in them Air Jordans I gave him
I said, "Pops, them from Mike, man, you better save 'em"
The fight that he had with cancer was a brave one
Took Dr. Sebi's herbs instead of medication
Breathing heavy, he talked reparations
He said, "Son, we live through our generations"
Offspring, coughing, Gene Ammons playing
In the background, he was talking, I was praying
Our Father, take care of my father
As far as he went, may I go farther
May our dreams and legacies live through our children
Though I can't touch him, I can still feel him
You might also like
You know the other day I got a phone call. I got a message says pops you been gon from home too long. So I set my bags down and headed to 87th street. I was just back in the neighborhood ya know cruising the same street that I used to cruise in my long black Fleetwood. Listening to the Minister and Dr. King and my beloved brother Malcolm. First thing is see I'm boundless with spiritual energy. I wanna talk about the moral necessities of human justice. The power and the action of God-given dignity. One can not enter the gate if you hate. You gotta take the lead for the rest of the world, 87th is the street of knowledge. The streets of knowledge are all over the world. We got a possibility again of leading the world. Chi my Chi we gon ask you for safe passage for the kids to walk to school. Alright, my young homies, we got a mission to finish. We got the unborn that we got to provide the truth for

I gotta be honest it's so much different without you here
But I have no fear
I'll see you when I get there
To that city bright and fair
You were all I needed you to be
And now I thank you for all you gave for me
So Father, I stretch my hands to Thee
No other help I know
If you withdraw yourself from me
Somebody tell me where, oh where shall I go?
Father, I stretch my hands to Thee
No other help I know
If you withdraw yourself from me
Tell me where, oh where shall I go?2Embed