88 ContributorsDreams Lyrics
Yeah, uh, yeah
You gotta lis—, you gotta follow me what I'm doin' right here, mane
Like, when I say this shit is crazy I don't mean it's crazy like crazy
I just mean crazy like it's fuckin'— it's actually crazy
Know what I mean?

Yeah, seems like I always had crushes on chicks I couldn't have
And then I end up fuckin' with someone I shouldn't have
See, in my mind, it's like I'm perfect for her, I gotta show her
But sadly, in reality, dog, I don't even know her
But still somehow she got my mind infatuated
Absolutely fascinated
With the thoughts of what she might be like
Time after time after time I had to wait, is
Is fate procrastinatin'?
I can take it 'cause I might be right, 'cause...

This is the girl of my dreams, yeah
Ay, is she good as what she seems? Uh
Or am I lyin' to myself? Uh
Ay, should I try and get some help? Yeah
This is the girl of my dreams, uh
Is she as good as what she seems? Uh
Or am I lyin' to myself? Hey
Ay, should I try and get some help? Yeah, yeah
You might also like
Oh shit, she passed me on the boulevard
Hey, tell me, is it stalkin' if I follow her
Like, all the way home without her knowin'?
Nah, nigga, I'm just curious where she stay at
Besides, when I'm with her, this gon' be the spot we lay at
And maybe I'll just drive by occasionally
And if one day I happen to see her outside, she'll wave at me
Imagine what she'll say to me
This ain't no time to be afraid no more, it's time for bravery
No matter if my homies think I'm crazy

This is the girl of my dreams, hey
Ay, is she good as what she seems? Uh
Or am I lyin' to myself? Uh
Ay, should I try and get some help? Yeah
Say this is the girl of my dreams, yeah
Is she as good as what she seems?
Or am I lyin' to myself? Uh
Ay, should I try and get some help? Yeah, yeah

Look, I spot her walkin' in the mall
Okay, it's time to grow some balls if she really gon' be yours
Oh my God, I'm walkin' towards her
My mind's screamin' stop, but my legs keep walkin' forward
Straighten up your face, nigga, she see you comin' for her
My heartbeat racin', and my hands keep shakin'
Say somethin', you shy motherfucker, she's waitin'
"What's up, girl? Don't mean to interrupt
But in the city I done met a lot of women, but
You from my dreams
Ay will you come true?
I know about a show that we can catch some R&B and rap, and you should come through."
She said, "Uh, I'd love to
Except I don't like rap
Besides, if I went with you, then I don't really think my man would like that." (Damn, damn)

Okay, you say you got a man
I mean, I definitely understand
I'm happy for you, really am
I couldn't have been the only fan
In the world of a girl like you
I mean, you beautiful, and I'm sure he's a very nice dude
It ain't no biggie
Well, I'm sure that I'm gon' see you 'round the city
Only thing I ask, if shit don't work out for y'all, don't forget me
And don't act like a stranger when you see me on the scene
I came up with a world-class scheme, to get…

The girl of my dreams
Ay is she good as what she seems?
Or am I lyin' to myself? Uh
Or should I try and get some help?
This is the girl of my dreams
Ay, is she as good as what she seems? Huh
Or am I lyin' to myself? Uh
Ay, should I try and get some help? Yeah
Yeah, so I find out the nigga name
Know exactly where he stayin'
Find out when he leave for work
"Hold up, nigga, is you sane?"
I'ma follow in my car, I'ma cut in front of his
Run him right into the wall
Maybe even off the bridge
I give her a little time
Then console her while she cryin'
She gon' take that as a sign
Finally she will be mine
I'll be king, and she'll be queen
When I hit her with the ring
At the wedding, who gon' sing?

This is the girl of my dreams, haha
Is she good as what she seems?
Or am I lyin' to myself?
And should I try and get some help? Ay
This is the girl of my dreams
Is she as good as what she seems?
Or am I lyin' to myself?
Think I should try and get some help
Haha, yeah, ay
What you think?56Embed