147 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolPortuguêsTürkçe​first take Lyrics
Don't like what I saw
This life without yours
Despite I was lost
Despite you got flaws
Just let our love play its course
Let you tell it, what's mine is yours, what's yours is yours
All the signs I ignored
I play love like a sport

Yeah, first take
You ain't on time, you were late (Yeah!)
When you around me, you're safe (Lit!)
You can't go off of a hearsay
I know that look on your face
You think you winnin' a race
You think all I do is play (Yeah!)
I didn't put you in your place
Then why you still here in my place?
Yeah, thought so, yeah, and also
You think too much, we all know
You think too much, we all know
Yeah, I ain't tryna go back to war with your morals (Yeah!)
You can't kill the vibe, it's immortal (Straight up!)
I ain't buyin' it even though I can afford ya (Ooh)
'Cause I know—
You might also like
Don't like what I saw (Don't like what I saw)
This life without yours (This life without yours, ooh)
Despite I was lost (Despite I was lost, ooh)
Despite you got flaws (Ooh)
Just let our love play its course (Yeah!)
Let you tell it (Ooh)
What's mine is yours, what's yours is yours (Ooh)
All the signs I ignored (Ooh)
I play love like a sport (Ooh, yeah!)

This love won't grow 'less we find growth
Wipe down your nose, girl
Won't you come over?
Let's both find hoes
Let's fuck them both
But you think too hard, we all know
You think too hard, we all know
So say nothin', nothin'
'Cause you think too hard, we all know
Yeah, you know I'd rather lead it than follow
You and me, baby, mano y mano (It's lit)
'Cause I know, I know—

Don't like what I saw (Yeah)
This life without yours (Yeah, yeah)
Despite I was lost (Ayy)
Despite you got flaws (Ayy)
Just let our love play its course (Ohhh)
Let you tell it
What's mine is yours, what's yours is yours (All is yours)
All the signs I ignored (Uh-huh)
I play love like a sport (Like a sport, no, yeah)
Okay, lil' mama
I still ain't heard from lil' mama
We go back to Angliana when you was studying in college
But I called you and brought ya out to Santa Monica
Believed in you, I was your sponsor
I got love for you, but I'm not in love
Gave me affection
Girl, I was lost, she gave me direction
Went through fuckin' you with no protection
All my blessings
Girl, you one of all my blessings
You think I don't care about you?
Girl, you better call my best friend
I got time to waste
Girl, I got time to waste
Girl, I cancelled everything
Just to get back on the same page
To finish the story
But you would rather ignore me
Your mama called to check on me
But you won't even pick up the phone, shit (Yeah)
God damn, you feelin' yourself (Yeah)
Out in Hollywood, you got a nigga with some wealth (Word)
You ain't free tonight, I bet he call somebody else
Tryna tell you I'm the last real nigga left (Damn right)
You can hit me if you need help
With your love problems, with your money problems
I just might solve 'em, I just might solve 'em
I just might solve 'em, I just might solve 'em (Yeah)
I just might solve 'em
Just call me or you could just pick up the phone, baby
I know you, I know you home, baby
Baby, I know, I know35Embed