19 ContributorsOn Dreaming and Success LyricsHow many of you people came here with someone you love tonight. If you love somebody tonight, hold on real tight. Hold on, hold on. If you love somebody tonight, hold on real tight. If you love somebody tonight, hold on, hold on. Hold on tonight
Tonight I was thinking about being as safe as possible, I don't want to say nothing politically incorrect.  A very safe musician. I've been thinking about it. I've been thinking about going backstage and not saying nothing at all, is that cool? Uhh, before I go back there I got to ask you one question. Just one real quick. Just one. CAN I TALK MY SHIT AGAIN? CAN I TALK MY SHIT AGAIN? Can I talk my shit? Can I talk my shit? It's like I always find, I always find, I always find something wrong. Cause I've been putting up with they shit just way too long. I'm so gifted at finding what they don't like the most. So if they find that they don't like the most
You know, it's so interesting cause they're trying to make me, like you just read the, Don't me ask about the motherfucking mask, you know what it comes off of. . It's the Yeezus shit. You know when you, if you read the headlines and read like, random blogs or whatever the fuck they might put up, you know, it's funny how they, they always try to bring up the negative or, bring up the things that sound the most out of context. You know it's like, have you ever felt out of place ever, like, out of context like someone just didn't understand, like they just didn't understand what you wanted to do, what you was trying to do, or what, or what you was dreaming of. Have you ever, have you ever been scared to say, to say your dreams out loud? Have you ever been just a little bit afraid to say your dreams out loud? Have you been afraid to dream in front of a crowd, to dream in front of a crowd, to dream in front of a crowd, to dream out loud?
I had a dream. I had a dream that I was Steve Jobs. I had a dream that I was Walt Disney. I had a dream that I was The Wright Brothers. I had a dream that I was Thomas Edison. I had a dream that I was Mandela. I had a dream that I was Martin Luther King. I had a dream, I had a dream, I had a dream. I had a dream, I had a dream. And I'm not afraid to dream out loud. You know you just get so scared that people are gonna think you're crazy, or that you're stupid, or that you're foolish, or this is the time that everybody thinks you're losing your mind, but I'm not losing my mind, I'm using my mind! I'm not losing my mind, I'm using my mind. So don't mind me, don't mind me, don't mind me. I'm not losing, I'm not losing my mind, I'm using my mind. So don't mind me, nevermind me, never, never, nevermind me. If what I'm saying, appeals to you, and makes you feel like you can be a better you, than thats good for me. And if what I'm saying offends you, and makes you feel like the worst you, than that's good for me too, true. That's good for me too, true. That's good for me too, true
Cause there's only two types of people, there's dreamers and there's haters. There's dreamers and there's haters. And all I've been doing recently is cutting the grass real low. So if you a dreamer, everybody will know. And if you a hater, make yourself be seen, CAUSE I DON'T GIVE A FUCK ABOUT YOU, THATS WHAT I MEAN! Cut the grass real low, cut the grass real low, cut the grass real low.  I find , cause I feel like I just try sometimes. And I'm not afraid at all. I'm not afraid to fall. I'm not afraid to fall. I'm not afraid to fall. I'm not afraid at all. I'm not afraid at all. THEY CAN'T STAND ME! THEY CAN'T CONTROL ME! THEY CAN'T HOLD ME! THEY CAN'T HOLD ME! THEY CAN'T HOLD ME! THEY CAN'T HOLD ME!!! THEY CAN'T HOLD ME!
I ain't saying, when I say you I'm talking about public perception, I'm talking about backlash, I'm talking about all the tools they use to hold dreamers back, to make them look like motherfucking lunatics. How many people you know, that you talk to on a day to day basis, that made a motherfucking mountain open up in Tampa tonight? So all the other shit I'm talking about, is it crazy or is it possible? Put your hands up if you think anything is possible. Put your hands up if you think anything is possible, if you think anything is possible, if you think anything is possible. Cause God made us in his image. And God made us all artists as children, God made us all artists as children. And somehow that peer pressure takes the artist out of you. Somehow the world can leave you so  confused, and you forget who you are. But I'm remembering, I'm remembering, I'm remembering
Cause most people, you know they say, they say people in my position, what ever that position is, like a celebrity or you make money, you have some type of status or some shit, you don't wanna fuck it up right? You don't wanna ruin your name, you don't wanna say anything wrong. So what you do is you get on TV you just smile, you just wave, and you try to be as safe as possible, cause you don't wanna fuck up enough, BUT I WANNA FUCK EVERYTHING UP!!! I WANNA FUCK EVERYTHING UP! I WANNA FUCK UP AS MUCH AS POSSIBLE 'CAUSE I'm STILL BEATING! As long as my heart is beating, as long as I'm dreaming. And I'mma stay kicking and dreaming, kicking and screaming, kicking and dreaming
I feel like it's my responsibility to turn up. I feel like it's my responsibility to turn up. And I stand here, the Gemini that I am, and there are so many examples throughout our history: Miles Davis, Biggie Smalls, Lauryn Hill, Prince, 2Pac. The Gemini that I am, it is my responsibility to turn up and tell you the truth. And if I get in so much trouble for telling you the truth, and if I, if I get in so much trouble for telling you the truth, then the rest of the time, the rest of the time, what the fuck were they telling you? If I get in so much trouble for telling you the truth, then the rest of the time, what the FUCK were they telling you?!? What the fuck are they telling you? So don't let nobody kill your dreams, don't let nobody tell you what you can do. Cause the more you accomplish, the more they wanna say you look like a fool. Following what you want to tonight, and you gotta an opportunity in the world
How many people are under 20 tonight? How many people are under 30 tonight? Under 40, under 50, under 60, GOD DAMMIT YOU ALIVE, YOU ALIVE, YOU ALIVE, YOU ALIVE, YOU ALIVE, YOU ARE LIVING, YOU ARE BREATHING, SO  YOU HAVE AN OPPORTUNITY IN THIS WORLD!!!You might also like13Embed