12 ContributorsCan’t Fuck With Queen Bee Lyrics
It's a new day
And all you gossipin backstabbin habitual haters
You're all history (hissss-to-ry)
So you can hate, or hail the Queen (all hail, the Queen)
But it don't matter (but it don't matter)
Cause you ain't got nuttin, for us (you ain't got nothin.. for us)
So as long as you live, remember this

You can't fuck with Queen Bee.. Queen Bee.. Queen Bee!
All you haters will see.. see.. see!

Don't be mad, I can't put this - money in a casket
I can't put these - cars in a box with the ashes
I can't take these diamonds with me when I die
I can't build that pretty white house in the sky
I know you wishin that you wrote this song
But these same words comin from you, would be a joke
You better off takin heed from your boy Jada
I know you, hate dyin' but you gon' die a hater
I got a vision, I think for the future baby pah
Y'all nearsighted, lotta y'all, can't see that far
Rocks like the street light - baby watch 'em glow
Red yellow and green - don't know whether to stop or go
I'm a chameleon, I got many styles of rhymes
Like a bottle of fine wine I just get better with time
From "Hardcore" to "Notorious" you studied my flow
And still..
You might also like
You can't fuck with Queen Bee.. Queen Bee.. Queen Bee!
All you haters will see.. see.. see!

Whether ya, slingin the rock or you got a wicked jump shot
Or just a fiend for this Queen Bitch of hip-hop
Kimmie bag dudes from the barbershop to the car show
The industry, down to Wall Street
They ask:

What is she like, what does she need?
What is her type, I wanna give it to her, tell her please
Be my girl, I'll give her anything
Whatever her heart desires, in this whole world

Just cause you ain't a millionaire don't mean you can't compete
You ain't gotta be filthy rich, but you can't be cheap
I like a man that can stand on his own two feet
Got a strong business mind, straight out the streets
He gotta have security, power and wealth
Cause I can do bad by my God damn self
And if you spiritual, got a good heart and can make me laugh
And can fuck..
 & (Governor)
You can get with Queen Bee.. (y'all can get with Queen Bee)
Queen Bee.. (yeah, ye yeah) Queen Bee! (awww)
Take you to ecstasy (she gon' take y'all to ecstasy)
Ecstasy.. (do it to 'em Queen Bee) Ecstasy!
(Yeah.. it's yo' time baby, it's yo' time girl!)

Ain't nuttin gon' change, my name, gon' get bigger
It's in the cards for Lil' Kim to get richer, and richer
So like it or not, I am who I am
When I die hold my body in the Brooklyn Museum
Now take it to the bridge
 & (Lil' Kim)
Baye-ya-da, da, da-da-dahhhhh
(Don't that feel good?)
(Full Force sing the break one more time, c'mon, c'mon)
Baye-ya-da, da, da-da-dahhhhh
(Don't that sound so nice?)

You can't fuck with Queen Bee.. Queen Bee.. Queen Bee!
All you haters will see.. see.. see!
 & (Governor)
You can get with Queen Bee.. (y'all can get with Queen Bee)
Queen Bee.. (yeah, ye yeah) Queen Bee! (awww)
Take you to ecstasy (she gon' take y'all to ecstasy)
Ecstasy.. (do it to 'em Queen Bee) Ecstasy!
(Yeah.. it's yo' time baby, it's yo' time girl!)
 & (Governor)
Gotta let 'em know
Let 'em knowowwwww (let 'em know Bee!)
Can't see the Queen (Give it to 'em Bee)
Queen Bee (give it to 'em Bee) Queen Bee! (yea yea, yeah)
(Governor)Embed