6 ContributorsWhat’s The Word Lyrics
Yo yo, ayo, yo

Think it's 'bout time that I heat y'all up
Y'all Easy-Bake Oven chicks, eat y'all up
Like a X pill, I'ma keep y'all up
But I ain't stoppin' from burnin', y'all just don't learn

(What's the word?) She at it again
(What's the word?) She in it to win
(What's the word?) She back and she's stayin'
(What's the word?) The bitch ain't playin'

And just when y'all thought y'all had the victory
The one point game I fucked around and hit a three
Swish!!!!! All fuckin net
It's the fourth quarter your pourin' down sweat
Rap's M.V.P. don't you ever forget
Since you came in this game are there any regrets?
And y'all, dukes are lame don't let 'em back in
What? You ain't heard? Keep at it again
Yo it's cold at the camp, but I'm in it 'til it's over
Notorious soldier thought I told ya
Niggas is pissin' me off right now
But like that dance, I'm a shake 'em off right now
Who's hot and who's not what's rap and what's not
Whatever nigga I take your spot and your spot
Move work from your block to your block
The neighborhood better keep they fuckin' door locked
Beanie told y'all but I got proof
I speak the truth, every time I step in the booth
Uh! Pretty things is all that I mean
Better listen to the words that she sings
You might also like
(What's the word?) She at it again
(What's the word?) She in it to win
(What's the word?) She back and she's stayin'
(What's the word?) The bitch ain't playin

And now I could see why y'all all on me
You need a hot remix you could call on me
Niggas do dirty work the shit fall on me
But I could hold that weight and still bake that cake
We get it on in Brooklyn no lie Bed-Stuy holla back B.I. 'til I die!!!
We get it on in Brooklyn no lie Bed-Stuy holla back B.I. 'til I die!!!
Get money always but I ain't givin' up rap
Come on now, y'all should know me better than that
I mean, this is somethin' I'm a veteran at
Buy me out, you need more cheddar than that
Who's hot and who's not what's rap and what's not
Whatever nigga I take your spot and your spot
Move work from your block to your block
The neighborhood better keep they fuckin door locked
I'm the shit I'm the bread winner
Who's the bitch I'm the big spinner
I give 'em a taste they just want more
Word on the street is I'm who they waitin' for
(What's the word?) She goin' for delf
(What's the word?) She 'bout to reinvent herself
(What's the word?) She reppin' the hood
(Yo what's the word?) Yeah, the bitch look good

I'm the shit I'm the breadwinner
Who's the bitch? I'm the big spinner
I give 'em a taste, they just want more
Word on the street is I'm who they waitin' for

(What's the word?) She at it again
(What's the word?) She in it to win
(What's the word?) She back and she's stayin'
(What's the word?) The bitch ain't playin'1Embed