106 ContributorsCocaine Lyrics
Yeah
Ooh...
This game is like cocaine
I want this more than anything in the world
Haha... So do I... At least I thought I did
Got to have it, yeah I need it, I'm addicted, yeah I'm fading

This is a beat with no words at first, it’s a blank painting
Exercising the mind, it’s brain strength training
It starts off something like, "Shady's an insane maniac
Yeah, Slim Shady, that's a zany name, ain't it?"
Now all you need's an image to go with the name, baby
Wifebeaters and white t-shirts, Hanes mainly
It's a long shot, but is it possible? There's a lane, maybe
If not he's gon' have to come and change the whole game, ain't he?
He wants the fame so bad he can taste it, he can see his name up in lights
Women screaming his fucking name, fainting
Shady did it, he sold out the whole dang stadium
Joe Shmoe made it, he took his Plain Jane lady
And his baby Hailie out the trailer but he ain't trailing anymore
He's ahead of the race while maintaining his innocence
Little does he know his train is derailing
And he's about to be raped by this game anally, now
You might also like
What would you do for a little bit?
What would you give for a little bit of that c-o-c-a-i-n-e?
(Cause once you cave in, you don't want to leave)
I got to have it, yeah I made it, I'm addicted, yeah I'm fading
(Cause once you cave in, you don't want to leave)

You’re operating on all cylinders, syllables spit like dillingers
Spilling your guts, people are feeling your mic skills
But these haters are ice grilling ya
Willing to sacrifice anything for the life that they might steal from ya
Fake friends will kill for ya, die for ya but you can’t decipher
Why for the life of ya, it wasn’t like this when you were cyphering
Argue with your wife again, she found Vicodin
In your pants last night again, your dispute's public
Nothing is private anymore, oh, and your best friend?
Say bye-bye to him, what kind of apple you take a bite of, Slim?
(But this is what you wanted Marshall, ain't it?) Fuck no!
The way that it turned out was nothin' like the picture that I painted
In my head, sometimes a dream and making it's more fun
Than it's to actually make it, the game stripped me naked
It robbed me of ever having another real relationship
With another girl, this world is a fucking trip
As I slip in another world, proceed, take another hit
Sniff 'til I fucking hurl, tell 'em all to fucking sit
And spin 'til they fucking twirl, middle finger up again
Relapsing back in this game, oh well, fuck it then, now
What would you do for a little bit?
What would you give for a little bit of that c-o-c-a-i-n-e?
(Cause once you cave in, you don't want to leave)
I got to have it, yeah I made it, I'm addicted, yeah I'm fading
(Cause once you cave in, you don't want to leave)

You start off bright, just to see your name in lights
Just so you can live the life
You take a bite and lose your sight, they call this (fame)
You think you're good, just cause you got out the hood
Concerned only with getting dough, no longer poor
But lost your soul, they call it (fame)
I hear it callin', my name is callin'
Why you struggling when you could be ballin'?
My head is saying yes but my feet is stallin'
So many walkin' by the end they fallin'
But I got to have it, like Eve and the apple
She had to grab it, I got to take it, I got to make it
That's the plan and I can't forsake it, yee-yeah

What would you do for a little bit?
What would you give for a little bit of that c-o-c-a-i-n-e?
(Cause once you cave in, you don't want to leave)
I got to have it, yeah I made it, I'm addicted, yeah I'm fading
(Cause once you cave in, you don't want to leave)
Guess I can't leave it
So I'm ?
Oh well... (Fame, fame)
(Fame)26Embed