14 ContributorsIn the Air Lyrics
Trey, woah-woah. Yeah, yeah, hey y'all know y'all done fucked up right? So this the type of shit to help a nigga when a nigga need the trap to go up nigga. Y'all playing with dope. Jeezy Snow gotta come back and do this shit again. Y'all know this finna be another 20 year run nigga. Ayy Snow, these niggas playing with it, we gotta show these niggas who the best

Heard the streets is talking to them bitches I'm listening
Y'all gon' make me whip a quarter mil up wit my wrist and shit
Shawty Redd got the beat banging Snow back on his Snow shit
And the way I feel nigga I might just call up my old bitch
Lexus coupe, bubble eye, I was paying 24
Transaction at the car wash 'cross from the store
That was off of Candler Road, dirty south, DeKalb mall
Back when me and Shawty hit up Ts and had a damn ball
About the time I bought the coupe just to hang up out the roof
Drop them halves and wholes on Madden and I duck and block that boy the truth
Then I picked that Bentley up 'cause lately I ain't give a fuck
Snow pursue that rapping shit, your name is hot, you blowing up
Nigga Puff hit me up, a young nigga signed to Bad Boy
Met the judge and had a bag back then, call me the bag boy
They was in them Breitlings but your boy was in that Rollie
Who else gon' talk them chickens like he working at Chipotle

If you're really bout your issues, three fingers in the air
If you got your pistol with ya, three fingers in the air
If you really ride foreign, three fingers in the air
If you get paper like you touring, three fingers in the air
All my real bitches, three fingers in the air
Don't affiliate with snitches, three fingers in the air
My young niggas riding leather, three fingers in the air
Ice it up and change the weather, three fingers in the air
You might also like
Bitch I paid dues, lawyer fees and drivers
Had the rental so long I had to buy a set of tires
Got popped in jack town was a little off the rap
My nigga Boo Rossini had to come and bail me out
What if they find two mil? Bitch y'all know that that was 3
Riding green Murcielago, y'all know that that was me
I done had so many Lambs' that I'm Lambo'd out
I'ma have to buy a Cutlass I done already had
See I wore my Jacob to my first meeting with Def Jam
Walked in and told LA Reid "you see it"
Bald head, top down on Collins, I'm 2Pacing
They never found my prints on the rocks, I'm tube sockin'

If you're really bout your issues, three fingers in the air
If you got your pistol with ya, three fingers in the air
If you really ride foreign, three fingers in the air
If you get paper like you touring, three fingers in the air
All my real bitches, three fingers in the air
Don't affiliate with snitches, three fingers in the air
My young niggas riding leather, three fingers in the air
Ice it up and change the weather, three fingers in the air

This watered down shit I keep hearing on the radio nigga. We going back to the streets nigga, the radio is the streets nigga. Hey y'all know y'all done fucked up right? Trey2Embed