5 ContributorsMichael Jackson Freestyle Lyrics
{DAMN!} I'm number one!
Yeah!

They say I ain't lyrical, they say I ain't a miracle (yeah!)
I say some hard shit so they say I ain't spiritual (uh-huh!)
They act like they know God better than me
I know God Allah, he used to pump crack up the street (come on!)
Allahu Akbar, clap him, run through your backyard
Let the MAC off, tear half of your back off
(Woooooooohhhooooooooooooooo!) {*gunshot*}
This is my block, my spot, I am here
I'm a Southside nigga to the bone, get that clear

Ayo pull that back, man!
Ayo play that again man, youkno'msayin'?

I'm number one! 
{"THISIS50.COM"!} Yeah!

They say I ain't lyrical, they say I ain't a miracle (yeah!)
I say some hard shit so they say I ain't spiritual (uh-huh!)
They act like they know God better than me
I know God Allah, he used to pump crack up the street (come on!)
Allahu Akbar, clap him, run through your backyard
Let the MAC off, tear half of your back off
(Woooooooohhhooooooooooooooo!) {*gunshot*}
This is my block, my spot, I am here
I'm a Southside nigga to the bone, get that clear 
Now I got a better hustle so I'm getting better bread
Buy my bitches better shit so they gimme better head
(Say "Whaaaat"!)
You thinking about getting down with me, yeah, you better kid
Where the fuck you gon' get a job? You a predicate...
... felon, it's back to crack selling
Nigga get caught telling , crack your melon
(AAAAAHHH-OOOOOOOHHH!)
I told you I'd blow, now you see it to believe it
My head gassed up, man, I'm so conceited
Nigga, you ain't never gon' see me in the hood (uh-huh!)
Motherfuck that shit, nigga, I'm too good (hahaaaa!) {*gunshot*}
Run tell niggas 50 is bougie
You don't buy his CD's and don't go see his movies (fuck that!)
He don't act like he used to in Juve'
He was on the medication {WOOO!}, now that nigga there loony
You might also like
Can it be I been away too long? (Ohhhh!)
I mean way too long

Can it be I stayed away too long? (I been away man!)
Did I leave your mind when I was gone? (did you forget me?)
It's not my thing trying to get back (I'm back baby! I'm back!)
But this time let me tell you where I'm at (oh, I'm in Southside!)
You don't have to worry 'cause I'm coming (haha!)
Back to where I should have always staaaayed
And now I've heard the maybe to your story
(This is that shit right here!)
And it's enough love for me to staaaaaaaay (ahhhhhhh!)
Can it be I stayed away too long?
Did I leave your mind when I was gone?
(I'ma ask you again! Did you forget about me?)
It's not my thing trying to get baaaack
But this time let me tell you where I'm at (Southside!)

I wanna, wanna be where you are, ooohhhhhhhh
Anywhere you are, ooohhhhhhhh
I wanna, wanna be where you are, ooohhhhhhhh
Everywhere you are, ooohhhhhhhhEmbed