100 ContributorsBump Heads Lyrics
Nigga, hahaha (Oh!)
(Yeah) Yeah
(Here we go again)
Shady, haha (Shady Records mixtape)
50 Cent (The Invasion)
G-G-G-G-G-Unit (Part two) Haha
Here we go again (Conspiracy Theory
International Version) Yeah, ( hahaha) the evil genius
Green Lantern
Let's go

Does it make you mad when I switch my flow?
You can't understand how I get my dough
50 Cent, I'm on fire 'cause Shady said so
I'm on fire (Here we go now!)

Everybody's in a rush to try to get the throne
I just get on the track and try to set the tone (Come on)
I ain't tryin' to use nobody as a steppin' stone
But don't compare me, I'm better off just left alone (Exclusive)
And I ain't even tryin' to go there with record sales
I'm just tryin' to keep it humble and respect myself (yeah)
Say, "What up?", keep steppin', and just rep D12
Keep my nose clean, stay away from weapons, jail
And livin' reckless, but if you go check my belt
You may see something else I use to protect myself (yeah)
A vest, to stop a Ruger and deflect the shells (Green Lantern)
And send 'em back at you faster than they left the barrels
And I don't even carry guns no more, I don't got to
Got undercover cops that'll legally pop you
And I done seen a lot of people cross the line (Uh-huh)
But this motherfucker Ja must have lost his mind (woo)
That X got him thinkin' he was DMX
Then he switched to 'Pac, now he's tryna be him next
So which one are you? X, Luther, Pac or Michael?
Just keep singin' that same song, recycled
We'd all much rather get along than fight you
Me and Hailie dance to your songs, we like you
And you don't really wanna step inside no mic booth (Uh-huh)
Come on now, you know the white boy'll bite you
I hurt your pride dawg and you know I don't like to
But I will if I have to, with syllable after
Syllable I just slap ya, killin' you faster
Than you poppin' pill after little pill of them tabs
Of that shit you on, but if you want it, you got it
You'd bump this shit too, if we ain't diss you on it
But if we lock horns we can charge harder than Busta (Green Lantern!)
We bump heads with any motherfucker that wants to (Yeah)
So what's the deal, where was all the tough talk?
When I walked up to you like, "Ja, what up dawg?"
How come you didn't say you had a problem then?
When you was standin' there with all your men, we coulda solved it then
I'm a grown man, dawg, come holla
All you did was slap hands, smile and swallow
Another one of them little X pills in front of me
And tell me 50 Cent was everything you wanna be
Come on
You might also like
I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me
You can talk but soon we gon' see
You don't wanna bump heads with me
I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me
You can talk but soon we gon' see
You don't wanna bump heads with me (Tony!)

You couldn't son me if my father helped you
My punchlines is hot, my bars will melt you (What)
Ja, you Stuart Little, shells'll lift you,
Every other week, I'm buyin' a new pistol (Woo)
I clap at your ass with this chrome .38
And put six through your hats, a seven and 3/8's (Come on)
Irv you ain't Suge Knight, you Shook Knight
I'll put my knife in your windpipe and breeze on the turnpike
You know and I know who took your chain
You got robbed two times so your ass a lame (Lame)
I'm down to die for this shit, all I need is bail
You better stick to the movies with Steven Segal (Steven Segal, bitch!)

I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me
You can talk but soon we gon' see
You don't wanna bump heads with me
I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me
You can talk but soon we gon' see
You don't wanna bump heads with me (Lloyd Banks!)
Man fuck that, I'm tired of waitin
These industry niggas startin' to get outta hand
Like I won't find your whereabouts by stompin' 'em out your man (What!)
We killin' New York, even in Compton they understand
I'm on the block where you was raised blowin' chocolate up out your van and (Break it, break it, break it down, uh!)
They see me pop up more icy 'cause I could (what!)
You been gone so long you probably forgot your way around the hood (Ha, ha)
'Cause when you paranoid it's hard to make a song
How you want it with us and half of your artists got make-up on?
Every magazine I open you on your knees takin' prayer pictures (yeah)
And you ain't even got shot yet, you scared bitches
You don't know nuttin' 'bout what pain is, sucka
I'll put your ass underground like a train conductor, muh'fucker (yeah)

I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me
You can talk but soon we gon' see
You don't wanna bump heads with me
I know you don't want it with me
You know you don't want it with me
You can talk but soon we gon' see
You don't wanna bump heads with me

Yeah nigga
Yeah, Shady Aftermath
G-Unit
Fuck you think they call us G-Unit for?
'Cause we move units
Uh-huh
And don't think we ain't billin' you for this motherfuckin' studio time
Matter a fact, keep promotin' 50, we call it even
Ha8Embed