35 ContributorsVirgo Lyrics
Yeah, what! You!
Uh-huh! C'mon!
Yeah (ugh), yeah, what?
Ugh! Nasty Nas, Virgo
Uh-huh
L-L-Ludacris, Virgo
Uh, uh-uh
Doug Fresh (uh-huh-huh!)
As we go, somethin like this
Nasir (C'mon! Ugh!)

Baby girl, won't you come and hold my hand?
Won't you come and chill out with the Virgo?
Hey girl, just come and hold my hand
Won't you come and just chill with the Virgo?
We sippin' on Merlot, you ain't got be my girl, though (huh)
I drop you off at Willoughby and Myrtle
Smash with the Virgo, ain't got to take your shirt off
You seen me convince your homegirl, though

Ugh, she says her life is too hard
She says that she wanna come and build with the God
Promise me that she gon' play her part (ugh)
Cause what I spit gets straight to her heart
And, she's damn fine, feet Hammer Time, damn, if I mind
Long as the butt bubblin' back in your waistline
I don't waste time (ugh), I gotta get-get on it
Just you and me, two glasses, silver Patronin' (ugh)
In the club scene where I met Ms. Green Eyes (uh-huh)
She walked by askin' me, "Are you Nas?"
(Why?) "If you was I'd be totally twi"
(What's that?) "Totally with it, T-W-I"
Haha, well, here I am, yep, I'm the man
Bartender, put a Cosmo in that girl hand (ugh)
So, here we standin' before I begin
Homegirl made a knot out of the cherry stem (woo!)
Tongue skills, yeah I like that (yeah)
Now we on the right track (uh-huh)
Straight to my Phantom, call Africa Black (brrrp!)
Ever since then she been yappin' a track
Told her friends, now they hollerin' behind her back, sing!
C'mon! Ugh!
You might also like
Baby girl, won't you come and hold my hand?
Won't you come and just chill with the Virgo? (That's right)
Hey girl, just come and hold my hand (uh-huh)
Won't you come and chill out with the Virgo? (Tell 'em, tell 'em)
We sippin' on Merlot, you ain't got be my girl though
I drop you off at Peachtree and Myrtle (Ugh!)
Smash with the Virgo, ain't got to take your shirt off
You seen me convince your homegirl though (ooh! ooh!)

Now I was, so fresh and so fly in diamonds
When I stepped up in the club even my eyes was shinin'
Little cute thing, said, "What's yo' name?"
I put my necklace in her face and told her read the chain (woo!)
Ooh-ooh, so stuck up, told me shut the fuck up
BLAOW! Ludacris in the how-oooh-ouse!
The needle hit the record, they was playin' this song
All the ladies hit the floor and it was uh-uh-on (ugh!)
Live forever like 'Fame,' let the Leroys dance
While I'm laid back, chillin' in my b-boy stance (c'mon!)
Could be a little pop lockin' if your girl's top droppin' (yeah)
But watch for cockblockin' on my coochie stock options (woo!)
But later for the ASSDAQ, throw 'em on the fast track
Make 'em swip-swap; Nasty N-A-S, pass that
Honey in the black cause I'm feelin' her curves
He looked down at what I had and said, "W-w-word" (ugh!)
Why only serve one when we can serve up two?
Then at the bachelor pad, doin' what the Virgos do
And these women so shy but get loud undercover
So we can have sex but I can't be your loverrrrrr
Buck! buck! buck! buck! buck! buck!
Ah, ah-ha-ha, ah-ha-ha, ah-ha ah ah-ah, SING! (UGH!)
Baby girl, won't you come and hold my hand?
Won't you come and just chill with the Virgo? (c'mon!)
Baby girl, won't you come and hold my hand?
Won't you come and chill out with the Virgo? (ugh!)
We sippin on Merlot, you ain't got be my girl though (that's right!)
I drop you off at Two-Fifth and Lex-o (rmmmm!)
Smash with the Virgo, you ain't got take your shirt off
Seen you convince your homegirl though
Ayo, ugh!

They got my voice for the record and my voice for the beat
Virgo crew, baby run the streets
So let's go (let's go), let's go (for the beat)
Let's go (Virgo crew), it's the Virgo
Let's go (Nasty Nas), let's go (Ludacris)
And if you don't know, now you know (Doug Fresh!)4Embed