113 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolРусскийFrançaisLocation Lyrics
(La música de Harry Fraud)
Yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah

Yeah, what? What?
You cannot hop in my car (Yeah, yeah)
Bentley coupe ridin' with stars (Yeah, yeah)
Yeah, what? What? (Yeah, yeah)
I keep a Glock like a cop (Yeah, yeah), uh, ayy, yeah (Yeah)
She give the top in the drop (What?)
Yeah, ayy (Yeah)
Diamonds, they wet on my arm (Diamonds, they wet on my arm, what?)
Tats on my neck and my arm (Tats on my neck and my arm)
Tats on my neck and my arm (Tats on my neck and my arm, yeah)
Diamonds, they wet on my arm (Diamonds, they wet on my arm, yeah)
Tats on my neck and my arm (Tats on my neck and my arm, yeah, what?)
Diamonds, they wet on my arm (Diamonds, they wet on my arm, yeah, yeah)
Tats on my neck and my arm (Yeah, yeah, yeah)

Yeah, yeah (Yeah)
Yeah, yeah (Yeah)
What? Yeah, what? (Yeah)
What? Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah (What?)
Yeah, yeah (What?)
Tats on my neck and my arm, uh
Tats on my neck and my, uh (Yeah)
You might also like
Uh, ooh (Huh?)
In this bitch going crazy (Huh?)
Uh, yeah (Who?)
I'm with this shit like a baby (Yeah)
Uh, yeah, yeah
I fuck your bitch, she my baby, uh, yeah, yeah (What?)
I treat your bitch like my lady, yeah, uh, uh (Yeah, yeah)
Shawty bend back like the Matrix, uh (Shawty bend back like the Matrix)
Curge whip it up like the '80s, uh (Curge whip it up like the '80s)
I'm in the kitchen, go crazy, uh (I'm in the kitchen, go crazy)
I just want me a Mercedes, uh (I just want me a Mercedes)
Pull up, we totin' .380s, uh (Pull up, we totin' .380s)
Pull up, I sent the location, uh (Pull up, I sent the location)
Pull up, I sent the location, uh (Pull up, I sent the location)

What? What?
You cannot hop in my car (You cannot hop in my car, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Bentley coupe ridin' with stars (Bentley coupe ridin' with stars, what?)
Yeah, yeah, what? What? (Yeah, yeah)
I keep a Glock like a cop (I keep a Glock like a cop)
Uh, ayy, yeah (What? Yeah)
She give the top in the drop (She give the top in the drop, yeah, drop, drop, drop)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ayy
Diamonds, they wet on my arm (Diamonds, they wet on my arm)
Tats on my neck and my arm (Tats on my neck and my arm)
Tats on my neck and my arm (Tats on my neck and my arm)
Diamonds, they wet on my arm (Diamonds, they wet on my arm)
Tats on my neck and my arm (Tats on my neck and my arm)
Diamonds, they wet on my arm (Diamonds, they wet on my arm)
Tats on my neck and my arm (Yeah, what?)
Tats on my neck and my arm
Tats on my neck and my arm, yeah, ayy (Yeah, yeah)
Tats on my neck and my arm
Tats on my neck and my arm, yeah, yeah
Check, yeah, ayy, yeah (Yeah)
Uh, yeah (Yeah)
Tats on my neck and my arm (Yeah)43Embed