23 ContributorsGod Is Cleaning Out My Closet Lyrics
God is a girl!

Yo, yo, yo, yo
Have you ever been hated or discriminated against?
I've been protested and demonstrated against
Picket signs for my wicked rhymes, look at the times
Sick as the mind of the motherf***in' kid that's behind
All this commotion, emotions run deep as oceans, explodin'
Tempers flarin' from parents, just blow 'em off and keep goin'
Not takin' nothin' from no one, give 'em hell long as I'm breathin'
Keep kickin' ass in the morning and takin' names in the evenin'
Leave 'em with a taste as sour as vinegar in they mouth
See, they can trigger me, but they'll never figure me out
Look at me now! I bet you're probably sick of me now
Ain't you, Mama? I'ma make you look so ridiculous now!
Look so ridiculous now, look so ridiculous now
Look so ridiculous now, make you look so ridiculous now
Now, now, now, now, now, now...

Remembering me, discover and see
All over the world, she's known as a girl
To those who are free, their minds shall be keep
Forgotten as the past, 'cause history will last
You might also like
God is a girl, wherever you are
Do you believe it? Can you receive it?
God is a girl, whatever you say
Do you believe it? Can you receive it?
God is a girl, however you live
Do you believe it? Can you receive it?
God is a girl, she's only a girl
Do you believe it? Can you receive it?

His palms are sweaty, knees weak, arms are heavy
There's vomit on his sweater already: Mom's spaghetti
He's nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready
To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting
What he wrote down, the whole crowd goes so loud
He opens his mouth, but the words won't come out
He's choking, how? Everybody's joking now
The clock's run out, time's up, over—blaow!
Snap back to reality, there goes gravity
There goes Rabbit, he choked, he's so mad but he won't
Give up that easy, no, he won't have it, he knows
His whole back's to these ropes, it don't matter, he's dope
He knows that but he's broke, he's so stagnant, he knows
When he goes back to this mobile home, that's when it's
Back to the lab again, yo!
One shot, or one opportunity
To seize everything you ever wanted, in one moment

I got some skeletons in my closet
And I don't know if no one knows it
So before they throw me inside my coffin and close it
I'ma expose it; I'll take you back to '73
Before I ever had a multi-platinum-selling CD
I was a baby, maybe I was just a couple of months
My  father must have had his panties up in a bunch
‘Cause he split, I wonder if he even kissed me goodbye
No, I don't, on second thought, I just  wished he would die
I look at Hailie, and I couldn't picture leavin' her side
Even if I hated Kim, I'd grit my teeth and I'd try
To make it work with her at least for Hailie's sake
I maybe made some mistakes
But I'm only human, but I'm man enough to face 'em today
What I did was stupid, no doubt it was dumb
But the smartest  I did was take the bullets out of that gun
‘Cause I'da , I woulda shot Kim and him both
It's my life, I'd like to welcome y'all to The Eminem Show

God is a girl, wherever you are
Do you believe it? Can you receive it?
God is a girl, whatever you say
Do you believe it? Can you receive it?
God is a girl, however you live
Do you believe it? Can you receive it?
God is a girl, she's only a girl
Do you believe it? Can you receive it?
No more games, I'ma change what you call rage
Tear this motherfuckin' roof off like two dogs caged
I was playin' in the beginning, the mood all changed
I've been chewed up and spit out and booed off stage
But I kept rhymin' and stepped right in the next cypher
Best believe somebody's payin' the Pied Piper
All the pain inside amplified by the
Fact that I can't get by with my nine-to-
Five and I can't provide the right type of life for my family
'Cause man, these goddamn food stamps don't buy diapers
And there's no movie, there's no Mekhi Phifer, this is my life
And these times are so hard, and it's gettin' even harder
Tryna feed and water my seed, plus teeter-totter
Caught up between bein' a father and a prima donna
Baby mama drama, screamin' on her, too much for me to wanna
Stay in one spot, another day of monotony's
Gotten me to the point I'm like a snail, I've got
To formulate a plot or end up in jail or shot
Success is my only motherfuckin' option—failure's not
Mom, I love you, but this trailer's got
To go; I cannot grow old in Salem's Lot
So here I go, it's my shot: feet, fail me not
This may be the only opportunity that I got

God is a girl!3Embed