195 ContributorsDifficult Lyrics
They ask me am I okay, they ask me if I'm happy
Are they askin' me that because of the shit that's been thrown at me?
Or am I just a little snappy and they genuinely care?
Doody, most of my life, it's just been me and you there
And I continuously stare at pictures of you
I never got to say I love you as much as I wanted to, but I do
Yeah, I say it now when you can't hear me
What the fuck good does that do me now?
But somehow, I know you're near me, your presence
Oh, I went and dropped some presents off for Easter
To them two little beautiful boys of yours to try to ease their
Minds a little, and dog, you'll never believe this
But Sharonda actually talks to me now—Jesus!
And everyone else is just tryin' to pick up the pieces
Man, how could you touch so many fuckin' lives and just leave us?
They say grievance has it's way of affectin' everyone different
If it's true, how the fuck I'm supposed to get over you?
Difficult as it sounds

Doody, I drop a tear in a rhyme
The day you find it is the day I stop missin' DeShaun
Holton, it was written, it was woven
For a soldier to leave so suddenly, got me wide open
How could God take a soul so dope and
Turn around, leave us all heartbroken?
Know that you're sayin', "Keep goin'!
Be a man! No emotion! It's your duty!"
Until we meet again, Doody
You might also like
"Doody," that's what we'd call each other
I don't know where it came from
But it just stuck with us, we was always brothers
Never thought about each other's skin colors
'Til one day we was walkin' up the block in the summer
It was like ninety degrees, I was catchin' a sunburn
Tryin' to walk under the trees just to give me some comfort
I moan and I just wanna get home and
I look over and your shirt is off
I'm like, "You're gonna fry," you're like, "No, I won't
I'm black, stupid! And black people they got melatonin
In their skin—we don't burn," meanwhile my face is glowin'
And I feel like I'm on fire
And the entire time you're just laughin' at me
And snappin' at me with your shirt, bastard
And I still have to get you back for that shit
And by the way, them Playboy rings my mother stole from you
Well, Nate finally got 'em back, shit
It must've been at least 16 years ago
Well, I put 'em in your cask—oww
Movin' past it, it still ain't registered yet
But you can bet, your legacy they'll never forget
The Motor City, Motown, hip hop vet
Hip Hop Shop, dreads, it don't stop there
Yeah, as difficult as it sounds
Doody, I drop a tear in a rhyme
The day you find it is the day I stop missin' DeShaun
Holton, it was written, it was woven
For a soldier to leave so suddenly, got me wide open
How could God take a soul so dope and
Turn around, leave us all heartbroken?
Know that you're sayin', "Keep goin'!
Be a man! No emotion! It's your duty!"
Until we meet again, Doody

And this might sound a little strange but I'ma tell it
I found that jacket that you left at my wedding
And I picked it up to smell it
I wrapped it up in plastic until I put it in glass
And hang up in the hallway so I can always look at it
And as for all me and D12 we feel like "Fuck rap!"
It feels like our general just fuckin' died in our lap
We shut off all our pagers, all our cell numbers is changed
Our two-ways are in the trash
So some cats will have to find a new way
And I know it feels like the dreams will die with you today
But the truth is they're all still here and you ain't
Purple Gang, you gotta keep pressin' on
Don't ever give up the dream, dog, I got love for you all
And Doody, it's true you brought people together
Who never woulda been in the same room if it wasn't for you
You were the peacemaker, Doody
I know sometimes you were moody
But you hated confrontation and truly hated the feuding
But you was down for yours whenever it came to scrappin'
If it had to happen, it had to happen
Believe me, I know you're the one who taught me to throw them 'bows back on Dresden
From eggin' cars to paintballin', gettin' arrested
To sittin' across from each other in cells, laughin' and jestin'
They tried to hit us for five years for that, no question
I guess them hookers and bums that we shot up didn't show up for court, so we got off on a technicality, left sweatin'
Me, you and… what's his face? I forgot his fuckin' name
Shame he even came to your funeral, he betrayed our team
And if I see him again I'ma punch him in the fuckin' face
And that’s on Hailie Jade, Whitney Laine and Alaina’s name
I let the pistol bang once just to lick a shot
In the air for you and pour some liquor out
With Obie in the parking lot of 54 just before
We were supposed to get in cars to come and see you once more
Difficult as it sounds
Doody!76Embed