142 ContributorsSkepta Interlude Lyrics
It's a madness
Check my account, it's a madness (Mm)
Block that account, it's a catfish (Yeah)
Block that account, it's a catfish (Dubplate special)
Check my account, that's a madness
Check my account, that's a madness (OVO, BBK, greaze!)
Block that account, that's a catfish
Block that account, that's a catfish

You don't know me, you better get to know me
Stand up tall, right next to Kobe
A young G, I had the weapon on me
Slice up work like pepperoni (Shing!)
The police still arrest the homies
No statement, no testimony
Spit in your face with extra bogey
It's my time, I don't flex a Rollie
On cloud nine, a man's extra cozy (Bo!) (Greaze!)
I might switch it up and direct a movie
Pussyholes tried to execute me
Died and came back as Fela Kuti
Don't phone me, send a text to Julie
OVO, man's so unruly (Bo!)
South by, ride out, no Suzuki
Got the Austin Powers, a man's extra groovy (Greaze!)
Front row, jacket tailor-made
Crackhead swag with the razor blade (Sex)
Red umbrella when I make it rain (Sex)
My whole team winnin', we don't play your game
Sound like me, but they ain't the same (Greaze!)
See them online tryna fake the fame
They wanna bust jokes, they think I'm Damon Wayans (Yeah)
You might also like
It's a madness
Check my account, it's a madness (More Life)
Block that account, it's a catfish
Block that account, it's a catfish (OVO, BBK)
Check my account, that's a madness (Dubplate)
Check my account, that's a madness (Street team)
Block that account, it's a catfish (Greaze!)
Block that account, it's a catfish

Yeah, they're nothin' like me, I'm a fuckin' villain
Go against me, that's a tough decision (Mmm)
Police wish I was stuck in prison
Fish-eye lens on my tunnel vision (Straight)
Real life greaze when I touch the riddim
Still the same guy when I touched a million
Record labels wanted us to listen
But it's greatness only for the love of Britain
I say it how it is and no fucks are given
(Greaze!) So don't forget to remember me (Yeah)
Especially all my enemies
Keep your eyes on me with your jealousy
The most solid gang that you will ever see (Get me)
Just came back from the embassy
Check my crime sheet, check my legacy
And now I'm back on tour, so what you tellin' me? (Bo-bo)
(Greaze!) Taliban, Halloween (Icy)
Pull up in the whip with the gasoline (Greaze!) (Bo-bo)
Yeah, that's that boy from the magazine (Jeez!)
Bust my dance at the cash machine
Make her back it up, bounce on my trampoline
Like Martin Luther, man, I had a dream
Now it's my world, you can have the scene
It's a madness
Check my account, it's a madness
Block that account, it's a catfish
Block that account, it's a catfish
Check my account, that's a madness
Check my account, that's a madness
Block that account, it's a catfish
Block that account, it's a catfish33Embed