146 ContributorsLEGENDARY Lyrics
Yeah, uh
Yeah
Yeah, uh
Yeah

This is legendary
Always been my mission, never secondary
Gettin' better every January, it's very scary
They gon' recognize eventually, I take it if they don't give it to me
Swear all of it was written for me (yep, yep)
By a higher conscious spiritually (up, up)
Up and away, jump on a plane, get on my wave right now
I want you believe not only in me, but have some faith in yourself
I wish you peace and good health, happiness and some wealth
I threw a coin in the well, 'cause I was feelin' so well
A token of how I felt, never heard if it fell
Not a noise, not a sound, still no reason to doubt
Quality what I sell, quantity in the sales
Quantum physics myself, count a million atoms of cells
This life I'm livin' it out, damn right, my vision is now
Don't let the prisoner cell build a strut to break out
My brothers at the brick house, the undercovers stakeout
Can't you see it's a trap? The type of shit I think 'bout
I sensed they needed my help, that's why I had to reach out
What you think I do it for? My brothers under a spell
It's clear we livin' in hell, the life of a black male
Right out the womb, you come out, and it's a bunch of blackmail
Just waitin' for you to fail, a special room in the jail
With your name, a number on it so you property now
I see it properly now, it's what the poverty 'bout
It's all a game of Monopoly, tryna cop me a house
An elephant in the room until I fit in my tomb
And introduced to my doom, they say the end comin' soon
You might also like
Legends, they never die
The niggas only multiply
So put your fire up in the sky
'Cause they won't ever kill the light
They say the legends, they never die
The niggas only multiply
So put your fire up in the sky
'Cause they won't ever kill the light

Tables keep turning, which way do I go?
A fire's burning inside of my soul
Tables keep turning, which way do I go?
A fire's burning inside my control

Look, ready for whatever comes
I hope for the best, I taste the peace and pray it never leave my tongue
But yet, before long, the feelings done
Perhaps I was foolish, just like the boy that prays to only see the sun
Maybe, life happens like tides
One minute you're low and feelin' shallow, then all of a sudden you rise
Just, ride the wave, I say to myself
Find a way, the weight of my wealth
It's honestly a lot to bear
I play the game of stackin' knowin' that I ought to share
How much does a man need? How much can he hoard before his greed?
How can a rich father teach humbleness to his seed?
Just questions, the stubborn all get taught tough lessons
I look at all I got like, "What's missin'?"
God is my only guess, 'cause yes, faith relieve the stress
I find peace again when I find Him and see I'm blessed
Real blessed, life has always got me wonderin'
(Wondering, wondering) Am I doin' it right?
Am I hurtin' myself?
Am I wrongin' the ones that love me the most?
What a burden to have
That ain't no way to live
Or maybe it is
Well, maybe it is
Tables keep turning, which way do I go?
A fire's burning inside of my soul
Tables keep turning, which way do I go?
A fire's burning inside my control

Legends, they never die
The niggas only multiply
So put your fire up in sky
'Cause they won't ever kill the light
They say the legends, they never die
The niggas only multiply
So put your fire up in sky
'Cause they won't ever kill the light

This is legendary, it's never secondary
I'm getting better every January
The idea of it alone is very scary
I kill my enemies by any means necessary
I said, this is legendary, it's never secondary
Getting better every January
The idea of it alone is very scary
I kill my enemies by any means necessary34Embed