76 ContributorsSuspect Lyrics
Yo, what up, dunn?
Son, what up?
Yo, I just got my hands on this new biscuit, nahmsayin'?
Word?
I gotta go see somethin' real qui-
Yo, walk with me here real fast, yo
Word? Right
Yo, yo, son, man
See them niggas right there, man?
Yeah
I'm sayin', man, it's about time, man
These niggas are shoutin' at everythin', you know what I'm sayin'?
Them niggas is gettin' my money, yo!
Them niggas is gettin' MY money, yo!
Yo, fuck that, man, I'mma get that nigga, yo

It was a murder, Jake just hit the corner, people swarmin'
Three in the mornin', I jumped out my cab like "Fuck!"
Niggas is buck, mega bloodshed, the tape's red
I heard some bird whisper, "Yo, he should've ducked"
I puffed the lila, just before I hit the scene for real-er
I'm all high, it's late, I'm lookin' down at the fella
Shit's pushed in, ambulance placed him on some cushion
His moms had a stare I wouldn't dare second look when I murk
It hurt, kinda took it as a brief reminder
That the street's designed to stop ya life clock, the beast'll time ya
Cell to cell, suspect-ass nigga, you fail
First time locked in Comstock, my mind blocks the frail
Burstin', blastin' at you, forty cal' shells split your dry cell
My niggas never snitch, why tell?
We roll wit' no regrets, destinies, fifties and equities
Queens'll be the death of me!
You might also like
To the suspect witness — don't come outside
You might get your shit pushed back tonight
(Suspect witness — don't come outside
You might get your shit pushed back tonight)
Suspect witness — don't come outside
You might get your shit pushed back tonight
(Suspect witness — don't come outside
You might get your shit pushed back tonight)

Dear God, I want the riches, money-hungry bitches infested
Givin' the jealous niggas sickness to witness
My crew dresses in vests-es, feel the essence
Try to test this scientist, able and reckless
Slaughter, Nautica down, frames look petite
Ten millies, minks designed just for my physique
I keep a low pro' as if I owe, bless the flow lovely
My pants hang while I'm dancin', sippin' the bubbly
Hey, me no worry, hashish keep my eyes Chinese
Rollin' two Phillies together make blunts Siamese
I meant it, I represent it, descendant made of early natives
That were captured, and taught to think backwards
Trapped us in a cracker's psychiatric, it's massive
A Million Man March, alert the masses
Tan Clarks, Armani in small print upon my glasses
Don assassins, Armageddon
The wedding of a freak and a beat
Seven heads, got the righteous threatened
Life Was Written, the plot curves behind the settin'
Comprehend the grammar, math we own
Are you the type of nigga to shoot a leg to get your name known?
I flip the brain tone, niggas get hit and wrapped in plastic
The mic I strike in vain givin' the pain of what a MAC is
What you wit'? Lucci or drama? No sleep means insomnia
No need to check the clock, the streets'll time ya
Suspect witness — don't come outside
You might get your shit pushed back tonight
(Suspect witness — don't come outside
You might get your shit pushed back tonight)

Yeah, yeah, it justifies, Nas Escobar's leavin' shit mesmerized
Mega live like the third world
Decipher my deceiver, make him a believer
Spittin' Gem Stars words in my mic type receiver
Bond is my life so I live by my word
Never fraudulent, Queensbridge don't make no herbs
Spread my name to deacons, politicians while they speakin'
Rebel to America civilization, caught you sleepin' (Blaow!)

Queensbridge, boy! Once again, boy!
(Recognize, boy! Recognize!) Stupid motherfuckers!
Yeah, yeah, street educated, created
Fly gangsta, Firm style
AZ — what up, what up?
Jungle, Benny Blanco from the 'Bridge
'Mega, Big Hi clap 'em down
L.E.S. on a murder quest
Yeah, yeah, y'all17Embed