24 ContributorsLet Us Begin Lyrics
Yeah! Lalala lala lala la la la la
Lalala lala lala la la la la
What up Snoop?
KRS in the building
Listen! Listen!
{Verse 1: KRS-One]
Too much brrr brrr brr
Too many people getting brrred 
All you hear is brrr brrr brr in the streets
People gripping they heat just to settle they beefs
Now you getting chased by police
You running to the west, running to the east
But the problem is you under the beast
Brr brr brr - now your brother's deceased
We need peace, not brrr in the streets
The brrr in Iraq lasts for weeks
Wack rappers, I'm crushing these creeps
Every time I spit they get weak
Knowledge reigns suprrreme
I take you back to the days when the telephone used to rrring
I'm reading the sacred script, KRS, Battlecat, Snoop in it, uh!

Let us begin - what, where, why or when?
Most of my homeboys are dead or in the pen
While I'm at the top, upfront getting it in
Open doors, fuck that cuh, we kick them in
Blastmaster (One!), blast faster
No more slave mentality, cause now we the masters
Ready for whatever cause you know that they after us
Clear the scene with the beam, cuh, this shit could get disastrous
You might also like
By any means necessary, peeking out the window
Watching all this sucker shit, look at the pretenders
Thinking how the rap game was
I dig, I dug, I push, I shove, yeah I fell out of love
But it ain't no thing, telephone ring
They don't make 'em like they make 'em when I used to bang
So I try to show the little homies different things
How to diversify, and change different lanes
Learn to read a little, exercise your brain
Mental gymnastics, it's a cold game
Always knew that they would try and trip me, trick me but they couldn't
Cause all my teachers and doctors were curious to the furnace
The honorable speaks
Like Minister Louis Farrakhan my influence is deep
Cause it's truth
What's that? You don't like that?
Well we fight back. And we'll be right back

Let us begin - what, where, why or when?
Most of my homeboys are dead or in the pen
While I'm at the top, upfront getting it in
Open doors, fuck that cuh, we kick them in
Blastmaster (One!), blast faster
No more slave mentality, cause now we the masters
Ready for whatever cause you know that they after us
Clear the scene with the beam, cuh, this shit could get disastrous1Embed