119 ContributorsTranslationsPortuguêsFrançaisPlayboi Carti - Flex ft. Leven Kali (Latviešu Tulkojums)Playboi Carti & Leven Kali - Flex (Traducción al Español)Flex Lyrics
100% Juice
KasimGotJuice
Uh (J. Cash Beats), ooh, ooh

All of these bitches, they mad, ooh
All of these niggas, they mad, ooh
All of these bitches, they mad, ooh
All of these niggas, they mad, ooh
I walk in the bank and I laugh, ooh (Shawty be bad)
I walk in the bank and I laugh, ooh (Shawty be mad)
I walk in the bank and I laugh, ooh (Shawty be bad)
Ooh, ooh, walk with a bag, ooh (Shawty be mad)
Sad, ooh, sad, ooh, mad, ooh (Shawty be bad)
All of these niggas, they mad, ooh (Shawty be mad)
All of these niggas, they mad, ooh (Shawty be bad)
Walk in the buildin', I flex on that boy (Shawty be mad)
I flex on that boy with the bag, ooh (Shawty be bad)
Ice on my neck and my mama like:
"Boy, where you get all of that cash?" (Shawty be bad)

I got the bag (Ooh), ice on my wrist
Mama like, "Where you get this?"
I got her sad (Ooh), gave her a brick
Then I gave her a lil' kiss (Ooh)
Yeah, I rock out in the six (Six)
But nigga, we fire, we split
I'm takin' your shit, you college kid (Ooh)
We really be poppin' shit (Ooh)
I hit a lick, no kid (Ooh)
I had a lick but no bih' (Ooh)
She suck me up like a tick (Ooh)
Damn my weed smell like a pit (Ooh)
He do that talkin', he simp (Ooh)
Damn, that bitch got a lil' thick (Ooh)
I told that bitch to come in (Ooh)
I told that bitch to come in (Ooh)
You might also like
All of these bitches, they mad (Ooh)
All of these niggas, they mad (Ooh)
All of these bitches, they mad (Ooh)
All of these niggas, they mad (Ooh)
I walk in the bank and I laugh (Ooh, shawty be bad)
I walk in the bank and I laugh (Ooh, shawty be mad)
I walk in the bank and I laugh (Ooh, shawty be bad)
Ooh, ooh, walk with a bag (Ooh, shawty be mad)
Sad, ooh, sad, ooh, mad (Ooh, shawty be bad)
All of these niggas, they mad (Ooh, shawty be mad)
All of these niggas, they mad (Ooh, shawty be bad)
Walk in the buildin', I flex on that boy (Shawty be mad)
I flex on that boy with the bag (Ooh, shawty be bad)
Ice on my neck and my mama like: (Shawty be mad)
"Boy, where you get all of that cash?" (Ayy, shawty be bad)

Yeah, who the fuck is you talkin' to, nigga?
The fuck you think this is?
You think 'cause you got a couple dollars you a fuckin' playboy? Nigga, you ain't no fuckin' playboy, nigga
You ain't nothin', nigga
Fuck outta here, Carti
Fuck outta here with the bullshit, dog (J. Cash on the beat)
Don't call my phone with that shit, my nigga (You sound real mad right now)
Real mad? (You sound real mad right now)
Nigga, I don't ever get mad (Is you mad or what?)
This nigga trippin'
Is you mad or what?
Is you mad or what?
Girl, that's bad for us (Is you mad or what?)
Say you mad for once (Is you mad or what?)
Said she had enough (Is you mad or what?)
Girl, that's bad for us (Is you mad or what?)
She came back for once (Is you mad or what?)
Yeah it's probably done (Is you mad or what?)
She gon' back that ass  (Is you mad or what?)
I'm gonna spaz for us (Yeah, yeah, uh) (Is you mad or what?)
Girl, that's bad for us (Yeah-yeah) (Is you mad or what?)
Say you mad for once (Just say you're mad girl) (Is you mad or what?)
Said she had enough (Yeah) (Is you mad or what? What, what)
Girl, that's bad for us (Is you mad or what? Watch)

I guess you're not feelin' me, uh (What?)
Not feelin' the energy
Baby girl, we can do plan A (Is you mad or what?)
Baby girl, we can do plan B (Bleh)
I walk in that bitch, they playin' my shit (Is you mad or what? Bleh)
Walk in that bitch, eyes on the kicks (Bleh)
Walk in that bitch, eyes on the fit (Is you mad or what?)
I look at your bitch, then blow her a kiss, mwah, ooh (Wow, wow)
I got that deuce in the coupe, huh (Wow, ooh)
Got a white bitch like YesJulz, huh (Is you mad or what?)
All of my niggas, they fool, huh (Mad or what? Yeah, what? Yeah)
Look at that boy, look at his jewels (What? What?)
All of my niggas, they bool, huh (Mad or what? Yeah, what?)
Louboutins bleed in the booth, ooh (Is you mad?  What? What?)
These niggas, they lookin' like who? Cash, Cash, Cash
My outfit just made the front page
Hop off the plane, I run to the stage, yeah, ooh
Your hoe gettin' laid, Yeah, ayy
She might come in late (Yeah)
I heard that your nigga Atlanta (I heard that your nigga Atlanta)
I heard that your nigga LA (I heard that your nigga LA)
I heard that your nigga a lame (I heard that your nigga a lame, JCash)
Might sing on a bitch (Ayy)
Might sing on this shit
Might sing on a bitch
I might just sing on this shit
I might just sing on this shit
I might sing on this shit (Oh, woah)
I might just sing on this shit (I might just sing on this shit, yeah, what?)32Embed