7 ContributorsFans Lyrics
(This magic moment!) Yeah man but yo, I'm sayin man we got to
We got to, we got to do somethin man just to
You know show them people out there man that's coppin them thangs man
You know that we appreciate man like a little song or somethin man
We gotta do somethin man, know what I'm sayin we gotta get somethin down
Or somethin you know real quick, You nah mean, aight man! get on it God!

I love you cause you loyal
I love you for the fact that you even got my back when I touch foreign soil (WOO!)
No matter what the city, state or the county
The thing that keeps me goin is the fact that you want me
I get all your emails and MySpace chats
I tried to deny it but I gotta face facts
You hold me down when them others ain't around
Fairweather friends, love whoever wins
Even though I never sold as much as Nasir Jones
You still support me like a brassiere
You show a lot of love to this inner-city dude
Even on them days when I'm in a shitty mood
Now that's understandin
I try to spend a little extra time when I can when you not so demandin
Send it all back what I'm about to do
Cause this song goes out to you, the fans
You might also like
Writin with no sleep, stayin up all week, waitin till we meet
(We do it for the fans!)
Trains and airplanes, travelin long range, know that we won't change
(We do it for the fans!)
Stayin in hotels, grimiest motels, knowin us so well
(We do it for the fans!)
Studio all night, makin it more tight, damn it feels alright
(We do it for the fans!)

Large Professor, your road dog
I roll in smog, sleet and hail to see that we prevail
Over this nonsense this world be bringin us
Still bangin cuts after these years ain't enough
We stay in touch all the time y'all
Like a fire alarm so harm, can't get the best of us
Rightin what's wrong
I'mma be there, prepared to physically tear
Down to the ground, we hit the stage tryin to put it down
Whatever, whenever, we sure to stick the chest out
In honor of yours and when the rest get doubt
Stand strong for whoever try to steps that route
Get burned to a crisp with just a flick of a wrist
We resuscitate the modern-day state of this game
Can't disclaim the fact we been at it, remain
What it is, what it gon' be
Knew that we's gon' see the day
To hear the crowd yell and said yay!
The fans

Entertainin could be drainin
I'm so praisin, blatant, with this picture that I'm paintin
It's for the fans, all audiences
In the seats or the stands, Air Forces or in Vans
From skateboarders to urban and the city supporters
When we on the road crossin boarders
Airports, passports
This ain't a credit card game, rap is a cash sport
Haters stand clear, genuine love with no fanfare
Handshakes, and hugs here
It's independent, we don't search labels
Signin autographs, picture takin at ther merch table
You never swayed left or right, we stood stable
That's why I gave you my all, never tried to play you
We don't neglect the fans
Edo G, Masta Ace, Extra P, really respect the fans


For my peoples worldwide! All ghettos! All levels! Yeah! It's for the fans!Embed