46 ContributorsLook What You Made Me Do Lyrics
Make sure you take that number down
508-507-2209
Joyner (hold up a sec)
Joyner (yeah, drop that shit)
Woo, woo!

Poison
You say that I'm toxic, I ain't had lots of choices
Just give me brains in the projects, baby, I am not your boyfriend
Look I ain't got time, but you can book by the appointment
And I ain't gon' lie, I used to be shy, believe me
Shimmy shimmy ya, shimmy yay, bitch, I feel like Ol' DB
Bitch I'm so awesome, even Ray Charles can see me
Hoe stop crying, nobody said life would be easy
And I'ma get mine, yeah, I'ma get mine, yeah

Now you see what you just made me do?
Look what you made me do nigga
Look what you made me do nigga! Woo!

Ready to what? Never been giving a fuck, living it up
Putting 'em, putting em up, think it's a game if you want, niggas'll front
I'ma deliver the tons, I'ma just kill em and run, word to my son
Niggas they never been wrong, I'ma continue to do what's ain't never been done
Bitch you ready or what? Bitch I've been ready to thump, hit it or not
I bet you taking the fun, I bet you prayin' I fall and I never get up
Bitch I will never give up, killin' em dead in the middle my ghetto and uh
Niggas ain't never been wrong, I'ma continue to do what ain't never been done
(Joyner) Holla!
You might also like
Lot of niggas envy, you just want every dollar
I'm trying to be friendly, I don't want any drama
So please don't tempt me, then I have to empty the blocka

My nigga you crazy, look what you made me do
Nigga you crazy, look what you made me do (Joyner)
Nigga you crazy, look what you made me do

This the flyest shit I ever heard in my life
This the type of shit that make you pull up outside
Like bitch, why you bending my line?
I ain't tryna fuck your nigga, he ain't even my type
Told my brother that I love him then I put the phone down
Gotta be rollin' with the burners that be in the ghost now
Talking about making money and I'm spending your money
But spending hella money is the only way you're going now
Yo these private conversations got me thinking out loud
Used to queue up out front, I come through the back now
Dear mama, all I wanted was to make you proud
That's why I never fucked a broke nigga on the rebound
All my daughters know is hustlin' shows
Kill off a pussy in a eight-inch boat
Maura, I can fly in the sky, my yodes
Chop coming, don't wanna look like you
Fuck with me nigga, I've been putting London on the map
Ain't it funny I'm the first female ting mad?
I'ma do it, watch me fuck it up and go ham
Gettin keys oversea just so I can bring it back
I ain't talking bout no coke bitch, I'm all about the crack
I ain't even have to pay, all I had to do was rap
I'ma let that line breathe, mute that
Gettin keys overseas just so I can bring it back
(Joyner) Poison
You say that I'm toxic, I ain't had lots of choices
Just give me brains in my ride, and baby I am not your boyfriend
And I ain't got time, but you can book by the appointment
And I ain't gonna lie, I used to be shy, holla

Lot of niggas envy, you just want every dollar
Yeah I'm tryna be friendly, I don't want any drama
Please don't tempt me then I have to empty the blocka

Goddammit you crazy, look what you made me do
My nigga you crazy look what you made me do
Nigga you crazy, look what you made me do...
Nigga you crazy, look what you made me

Yo wassup, this is Joyner
I'm unable to take your call right now
Leave me a brief message and I'll get back to you, peace
Hello... hello? (*sighs*) Joyner3Embed