78 ContributorsTranslationsFrançaisYah Mean Lyrics
You know what I'm sayin'
Young pretty-ass nigga, you know
Young handsome ass nigga, you know
Pretty nigga, you dig?

Shawty wanna ball with the team (Team, what? What?)
Money sittin' tall, Yao Ming (What? Beep)
Shawty wanna kick it with the team (What? What?)
I got all this guap on me (Guap, guap, guap, guap)
Shawty wanna ball with the team (Team, guap, guap)
Money sittin' tall, Yao Ming (What?)

Guap, guap (What?)
Guap, guap (What?)
Guap, guap (What?)
Guap, guap (What? What? What?)
Guap, guap (What?)
Guap, guap (What?)
Guap, guap (What?)
Guap, guap (What? What? What? What? What?)

Uh, shawty wanna ball with the team (Team, what?)
Money sittin' tall, Yao Ming (What? What?)
I'm countin' all this guap on me (What? What?)
Countin' all this guap, you know what I mean? (You know what I mean, nigga, check it, what?)
Sippin' on that motherfuckin' lean (What? What?)
Promethazine, motherfuckin' lean (Purple, motherfuckin' 'Tech, Actavis)
Niggas watered down like some fuckin' chlorine (What? What?)
Bitch, it's Lord of the Rings (Beep, ice, ice)
Diamonds lookin' like summertime (Look at the ice, look at the ice, ice)
Tryna bite my flow and my rhymes (Look at the ice, ice, you got that shit, you got that shit)
I thought I told that ho the world is mines (Look at the ice, ice, what? What?)
I just took his bitch like a crime (Look at the ice, what? What? What? What?)
You might also like
Shawty wanna ball with the team (Team, ball with the team, ball with the)
Money sittin' tall, Yao Ming (What? Money sittin' tall, Yao Ming)
Shawty wanna kick it with the team (What? Team, what?)
I got all this guap on me (Guap, guap)
Shawty wanna ball with the team (Team, Guap, guap, guap, guap)
Money sittin' tall, Yao Ming (What? Guap, guap, guap, guap, guap, guap, beep)

(Fuckin' on that swoop, fuckin' on that ho)
Ooh, fuckin' on that swoop, fuckin' on that ho (What?)
Fucked her in the coupe (Yeah), then she popped the blue (Yeah-yeah)
Woah, ooh (Yeah), South Atlanta goon (Yeah)
RIP Troup (What? What? What? What? Beep)
At the Citgo (What?), you know how it go (Gas)
Count them big bankrolls (What?), and she on the pole
And she came a long way from the stripper pole, that my ho (Yeah)
And I came a long way from kickin' doors, that's on bro (What? look at the ice)

Shawty wanna ball with the team (Ball with the team, ball with the)
Money sittin' tall, Yao Ming (Money sittin' tall, Yao Ming)
Shawty wanna kick it with the team (What? Team)
I got all this guap on me (Guap, guap)
Shawty wanna ball with the team (Team)
Money sittin' tall, Yao Ming (What? What? What? What?)
Fuckin' on that swoop, fuckin' on that ho
Fuckin' on that swoop, fuckin' on that ho
Fuckin' on that swoop, fuckin' on that ho
Fuckin' on that swoop, fuckin' on that ho
Fuckin' on that swoop, fuckin' on that ho25Embed