58 ContributorsTranslationsFrançaisLame Niggaz Lyrics
I ain't fuckin' with these lame niggas (What? Uh, what?)
I heard you talkin' to them lame niggas (What? What? What? What? Woo)
I see you walkin' with that lame nigga (What? What? What? Lame)
I heard you stallin' with a lame nigga (What? What? What? What? Lame)
I ain't fuckin' with these lame niggas (What? What? Yeah, yeah, yeah, hello? What? What?)
I ain't fuckin' with these lame niggas (What? What? Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo, what?)
I see you stallin' with a lame nigga (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, what? What?)
Ho, stop callin' up them lame niggas

Ho, stop chillin' with them lame niggas
Kickin' it with them lame niggas (Lames)
Fuckin' with them lame bitches (Lame)
Tryna fuck for fame bitches (What? What? Woo, ooh)
Tryna fuck for fame bitches (Ayy, what?)
Tryna fuck Carti 'cause he famous (Uh, ooh, yeah, ooh)
She in love with the dick too (Too, oh)
Bitch, I got a ruler, feel like Uzi (Uzi, oh)
And I bought a Uzi (Ooh), boy, don't lose it (Lose it, ooh)
Bitch, I'm off the Xanny (Ooh), I just lose it (Ooh)
Bitch, my pockets stupid thick (Ooh)
Pockets thicker than my bitch (Ooh)
Pockets thicker than your bitch, ooh, ooh
That's your bih' (Come here, yeah, ooh)
You sure that's your bih'? (Huh, yeah)
I fucked that bih' (Come here, yeah, yeah, come here, uh, yeah)
I fucked that bih' (Bih', yeah, what? What?)
You might also like
I ain't fuckin' with these lame niggas (What? Uh, woo)
I heard you talkin' to them lame niggas (What? What? What? What?)
I see you walkin' with that lame nigga (What? Seen you walkin', what? What? Hello?)
I heard you stallin' with a lame nigga (What? What? Heard you stallin' with a lame nigga, what? What?)
I ain't fuckin' with these lame niggas (What? What? I ain't fuckin' with these lame niggas What? What?)
I ain't fuckin' with these lame niggas (What? What? What? What? Ooh)
I see you stallin' with a lame nigga (See you stallin' with a lame nigga, what? What?)
Ho, stop callin' up them lame niggas

Ho, stop chillin' with them lame bitches (What? What?)
Tryna fuck for fame bitches (Fame)
I swear to God, I keep fuckin' the same bitches
Fuck all of these rapper hoes
Fuck all of these rappers though
Robbed a nigga for rapper dough (What?)
Then I count some rapper dough
Uh, I don't want to fuck these hoes
I don't even want to fuck these hoes
Damn, this shit so radical
Damn, my shit so radical
Ray Allen, I shoot at you (What?)
Ray Allen, she down to stroke (Uh, What? What?)
Used to rock them ballies though (Uh, What? What? Ooh)
House up in the Cali, ho (What? What? What?)
Fuckin' on a Cali ho (Yeah, what? Yeah, Ooh)
Bitch, just check the saly', ho (Uh, what? What? What?)
Eatin' good, that salad, ho (Yeah, yeah, what? What? What?)
I ain't fuckin' with these lame niggas (What? What? What?)
I heard you talkin' to them lame niggas (What? What? Woo)
I see you walkin' with that lame nigga (Seen you walkin', what? Hello?)
I heard you stallin' with a lame nigga (Heard you stallin' with a lame nigga)
I ain't fuckin' with these lame niggas (Hello?)
I ain't fuckin' with these lame niggas (Woo)
I see you stallin' with a lame nigga (What? What? What?)
Ho, stop callin' up them lame niggas (What? What? What?)20Embed