25 ContributorsI’m Only Out For One Thang Lyrics
Hey yo Cube, man, hey yo Cube, check this out
Yo, motherfuckers be on the dick and shit, right?
Check this out, you know what I tell 'em, man?

Well two peas in a bucket
Mother motherfuck it
You either Flavor Flav it
Or you Chuck Chuck Chuck it
Kiss my ass and suck the D.I.C.-
K. stands for kill so don't fuck with me
I fucked that lady in the bed
I missed that pussy and the butt was spread
I tried it again in a thumping wagon
The bottom fell out and her ass started dragging
Tried it again in a field of grass
I missed that pussy and I bust my ass
Then I fucked this lady in the tree
The baby came out and said "Run-DMC"

Yeah, and you don't stop
Flavor Flav in the house, and you don't stop
Ice Cube's in the house, and you don't stop
Hey, my sugar (Hey, yo, rock that shit G!)
You might also like
I knew this girl who looked just like you
Light brown and a fly hairdo
I wanted to do her, screw her
So I stepped to her on key
Bitch had more ass than a donkey
I said you're the type of girl that I can't pass over
Give me one chance and I'll bend your ass over
Just call me the plumber at the end of the night
Cause a nigga like me'll lay plenty of pipe
She didn't get offended, it was splendid to me
Cause mister nice guy is what I pretended to be
I guess I'll just wine her and dine her
And by the end of the night I'll be behind her
Waxing that ass like Raindance
On the bumper get the pussy then I dump her
Took her to the Comfort Inn, tucked her in
Pulled out the third leg pumped it in
She said 'Will you call me?'
Yeah, I'll call you a bitch or a ho after I ball you
Naw I'm just playin' but it's still the same
Cause a nigga like Ice Cube is only out for one thang

Yeah, what you out for?
Yo, I'm only out for one thing
You out for what, man?
Yo, I'm out for the pussy, the money, and the mic, and I'm straight. What are we out for?
I pledge allegiance to the uh... to the fuckin', all of that shit. Know what I'm saying?
Five thousand!
Five thousand, G
We out
Yo, we out of here, five thousand
Yo, this is for my boy Ice Cube, you know what I'm saying
Yo, check this out2Embed