22 ContributorsCouple of Coats Lyrics
Ayy, what you talkin' 'bout, ayy, what?
What you talkin' 'bout? You didn't get my message?
What you say?
Um, I was sayin', um, about tomorrow, I was, like, meet up four or five, if you still want me to come pick you-
Well, what you-, what you talkin' 'bout mind games? Who plays mind games?
Huh?
Who plays mind games?
Oh my God, that's so old
Huh, what? What? What? What you say?
I said alright I'll let you off
Alright, I'll let you off

Rolled up on your girl, ridin' in that skrrt
Hop out with that swag, pay the bills like for a fur
Boy don't make me swerve, you smokin' on some dirt
She told me that she loved me, and then I closed the curtains
I'm somethin' like an old head, pull up in that, "Oh yeah"
"Hey, are you Sosa?" I'm the man, oh yeah
I've seen Burberry, but I ain't gon' go there
I walk in Louie, and buy a couple clothes, yeah, yeah

Damn, I hate being sober, hop out, show love
Buying all the Louis, Jazze Pha, Sho Nuff
The feds tryna get me, but I don't know none
I do not speak English, I don't show ya
But I'm partyin' like it's my last day
Text your bitch one emoji and she text a
Butterflies up in her gut from my wrist, damn shame
Got Hillary up in my Bentley, I'm the campaign
Hit the club, it's crackin', she hop on the wagon
She sees I'm swaggin', but I'm not matching
Run up on me, who's lackin'?
What's up? What's brackin'?
I was a True Religion Fiend 'til I started getting racks in
You might also like
Rolled up on your girl, riding in that skrt (skrt)
Hop out with that swag, pay the bills like for a fur
Boy don't make me swerve, you smokin' on some dirt
She told me that she loved me, and then I closed the curtains
I'm something like an old head, pull up in that oh yeah
Hey are you Sosa? I'm the man, oh yeah
I've seen Burberry, but I ain't gonna go there
I walk in Louis, and buy a couple coats, yeah

Whoa whoa whoa whoa
No no no no
That's not no dope
Get out of this room
I'm up in Fendi, they offer champagne
But I'm sipping lean, and I do not drink
I'm off of the drugs, and he want some puff
And she wants a hug, and I want the love
I knew we would fuck when she got in my tub
Glory Boyz Musical, young Zac Efron
I'm off the dope
I'm off the drink
Hey love, what's the name?
Do you smoke?
Does it stank?
Then what was falling, wasn't rain
Rolled up on your girl, riding in that skrt (skrt)
Hop out with that swag, pay the bills like for a fur
Boy don't make me swerve, you smokin' on some dirt
She told me that she loved me, and then I closed the curtains
I'm something like an oh yeah, pull up in that oh yeah
Hey are you Sosa? I'm the man, oh yeah
I've seen Burberry, but I ain't gonna go there
I walk in Louis, and buy a couple coats, yeah

Hey are you Sosa?
I'm the man, oh yeah
I walk in Louis, and buy a couple coats, yeah, yeah2Embed