46 ContributorsMagic Stick Lyrics
Ahhhhhhhhhh
I got the magic stick (wooo)
I know if I can hit once, I can hit twice
I'll hit the baddest chicks
Shorty don't believe me, then call me tonight
And I'll show you magic
What? what?
Magic
Uh-huh, uh-huh
I got the magic stick

I'm a freak to the core
Get a dose once, you gon' want some more
My tongue touch ya girl, ya toes bound to curl
This exclusive stick I don't share with the world,
I have you up early in the mornin, moanin
Back shot, proper or low can't stop us
Been a fiend for this since Rakim made hits
Get the position down pat, then it's time to switch
I'll rock the boat, I'll work the middle
I speed it up, straight beat it up
.. and I ain't in the hood with my toast out loc'n
I'm in the telly workin up a sweat strokin
Tonight's the night, you can fall in love
You can call your mama right now, tell her you met a thug
I pop a lot of shit cause I can back it up
My left stroke's the death stroke
You might also like
I got the magic clit
I know if I get licked once, I can get licked twice
I am the baddest chick,
Shorty you don't believe me, then call me tonight
And I'll show you magic
What? what?
Magic, uh-huh, uh-huh
I got the magic clit

Lil' Kim not a whore
But I sex a nigga so good, he gotta tell his boys
When it, come to sex don't test my skills
'Cause my head game have you head over heels
Give a nigga the chills, have him pay my bills
Buy matchin Lambo's with the same color wheels
And I ain't out shopping spending dudes C-notes
I'm in the crib giving niggas deep throat
Tonight Lil' Kim gon' have you in the zone
Girls, call ya crib, I'm answering the phone
Guys wanna wife me and give me the ring
I'll do it anywhere, anyhow, I'm down for anything
Couple of humps, give a nigga goosebumps
This junk in my trunk ain't made for chumps
When Lil' Kim's around you don't need to lie
It's the "Drugs", baby, I'm makin ya high!
I got the magic stick
I know if I can hit once, I can hit twice
I am the baddest chick
Shorty you don't believe me, then call me tonight
And I'll show you magic
What? what?
Magic
Uh-huh, uh-huh
I got the magic clit

I put your face in it
I know you sprung off in your tongue, I know you tastin' it
Sex ain't a race
But I have a thug nigga breakin records and the time is
One minute, six seconds
Magic stick
I got the magic box
Have that ass trickin' after one back shot
The gifts, the ice, I like that a lot
The minks, the leathers, the CL drop

I got the magic stick
I know if I can hit once, I can hit twice
I'll hit the baddest chicks
Shorty don't believe me, then call me tonight
And I'll show you magic
What? what?
Magic
I got the magic stick
I know if I get licked once, I can get licked twice
I am the baddest chick
Shorty you don't believe me, then call me tonight
And I'll show you magic
What? what?
Magic
Uh-huh, uh-huh
I got the magic stick

**Beat plays out**

Radio Host: Hot 103 double B.U.Z
You listening to Queen Bitch Radio
Lil' Kim: You listening to 103 double B.U.Z. and right now we're about to go to the phone lines
Who do we have on the phone
Caller #1: Yo this Kim?
Lil' Kim: Yo, what's the word, who this?
Caller #1: What up Kim? it's Devondre
Lil' Kim: What's the word Devondre
Caller #1: What up?, what up?, yo that what's the word joint is crazy
Lil' Kim: Ha ha, you like that?
Caller #1: Kim I'm feelin' you, I love you
I've been listenin' you all these years, everything you do is, oh my God
Lil' Kim: Thank you
Caller #1: Yo, you, you the shit Kim
Lil' Kim: Ha haaa
Caller #1: I'm tellin' you them joints is bananas
Lil' Kim: Thank you
Caller #1: But yo Kim, Kim for real
Lil' Kim: What's up?
Caller #1: Yo I wrote you these sixteens, some shit I really want you to say
Lil' Kim: What? motherfucker you can't be serious, don't you (but) know I write my (but) own shit
Caller #1: Yeah but...
Lil' Kim: Give that shit to Foxy, next bitch
Caller #2: Put the phone down, put the phone down
Lil' Kim: I can't hear you, hello
Caller #2: Yo, yo, yo Kim what up? what's poppin'? it's Killa from up North
Lil' Kim: Ohhh so
Caller #2: Yo what up?
Lil' Kim: You callin'
Yo that's gangsta
Caller #2: Yeah, yeah gangsta
Lil' Kim: That's gangsta baby, I like that
Caller #2: Yeah, yo, I'm feelin' you
Lil' Kim: Killa, ha ha
Caller #2: Word to mothe, yo I'm feelin' you, I been feelin' you
Lil' Kim: That's
Caller #2: Nah I mean
Lil' Kim: That's real
Caller #2: The whole Queen Bee
Lil' Kim: Ahhh, baby that's
Caller #2: Brooklyn, Queen B, Killa, Killa B
Lil' Kim: (Laughing)
Caller #2: Yo
Inmate In The Background: Yo, what's up, let me get a shout out
Caller #2: Yo
Inmate In The Background: Let me get a shout
Lil' Kim: Yo, who?
Caller #2: Yo chill
Lil' Kim: I don't got...
Inmate In The Background: Let me get a shout out man
Caller #2: Chill
Inmate In The Background: Let me get a shout out
Caller #2: Yo hold on, yo hold on
Lil' Kim: (Laughing)
Caller #2: Yo son I'ma let you rock son
Lil' Kim: Who is that in the background
Caller #2: Yo son I'ma let you rock just hold on, just hold on, yeah Kim but anyhow
Lil' Kim: What's up Killa baby? what's the word?
Caller #2: What's, yo, what, tell me some, can I get a package?
Lil' Kim: Oh
Caller #2: Somethin'
Lil' Kim: Oh I got that, you know what
Caller #2: Yea
Lil' Kim: As a matter a fact, I'ma send you a kite with my panties attached to it
Caller #2: Ahhhh, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea
Lil' Kim: I got'chu
Caller #2: That's what I mean
Guy In The Background: Killa, Killa, Killa
Lil' Kim: I got'chu Killa
Caller #2: That's what I mean
Lil' Kim: I like that
Caller #2: Yea, yea, hold on
Inmate In The Background: 
Lil' Kim: You real dog
Caller #2: My, my shit is on fire
Inmate In The Background: Your cell man, your cell is on fire
Caller #2: Yo what?, yo s.., yo hold this phone for a sec, yo what the fuck, yo y'all niggas knew my  is fuckin' killa
Lil' Kim: (Laughing)
Caller #2: Y'all know me man
Inmate 2: Ay yah, ay yo what up mami
Lil' Kim: Who'd this?
Inmate #2: It's Black
Lil' Kim: But, where my nigga?
Inmate #2: Oh, Killa (Killa) shit caught on fire but don't worry 'bout that, what's goin' on?
Lil' Kim: (Laughing) Nothing baby, what's up?
Inmate #2: What'chu got on?
Lil' Kim: What I got on?
Inmate #2: Yeah
Lil' Kim: I got on some Gucci thongs. But they the edible kind, you know they tatse like Twizzlers
Inmate #2: Ahhh shit
Lil' Kim: I got on a bra, gucci bra
Inmate #2: Ahhhh
Lil' Kim: Wit  connected at the
Inmate #2: Ahhh, for real
Lil' Kim: At the, at the shouldersssss
Inmate #2: Oh shit
Lil' Kim: And the nipples is cut out tho
Inmate #2: Oh man
Lil' Kim: You know
Inmate #2: Ahhh
Lil' Kim: My body is (ahhh) real oiled up right now
Inmate #2: Ahhhhhh
Lil' Kim: Wha, what the fu?
Inmate #2: Ah, ahhh
Lil' Kim: Oh my God, no he didn't. Oh my God, it is real up North. Yoooo. Shout out to all my...up North niggas12Embed