8 ContributorsHand on the Pump (Muggs’ Blunted Mix) Lyrics
Well, I'm an alley cat, some say a dirty rat
On my side is my gat, see I'm all of that
Spittin' out buck shots, boy I'm gonna wet'cha
Runnin' hot, but I'm still comin' to get'cha
Thinkin' like a peace smoke comin' on a homicide
You talkin' shit, tryna take me for a ride
I'm not a bad guy, but I'm the funky feel
Finger on the trigger wit' my hands upon a steel
Lettin' out a bullet, this is goin' Boo-Ya
Ya stuck in my hood so what ya gonna do now?
Bein' the hunted one is no fun
Here I come son, yo I think ya better run
Better run more and move a little faster
Second of thought and I'm comin' to blast ya
With my...

Sawn-off shotgun, hand on the pump
Left hand on a forty, puffin' on a blunt!
Pumped my shotgun, niggas didn't jump!
La la la la la la la la

Comin' at ya like a stiff blow, fuckin' up ya program
Ain't takin' shit from you, him, or no man
Mastermind, maniac, and a menace
Ohhh, how they wanna pass a sentence
All because a nigga tried to play me on a trigger
He missed, so now the niggas hiss
Rude and crude like a pit-bull, get ta the point
Your fuckin' card will get pulled, now...
I'm headed up the river with a boat and no paddle
And I'm handin' out beat-downs
I'm headed up the river with a boat and no paddle
And I'm handin' out beat-downs
Put me in chains, tryda beat my brains
I can get out but the grudge remains
When I see ya punk ass I'm gonna get'cha
Fuckin' do ya, shotgun go BOO-YA!
You might also like
Sawn-off shotgun, hand on the pump
Left hand on a forty, puffin' on a blunt!
Pumped my shotgun, niggas didn't jump!
La la la la la la la la

Kickin' that funky Cypress Hill shit
Think I'll light another for the blunted to chill wit'
Cause I'm the chill one, known to get ill one
They stepped to the Hillrun so I had to kill one
Now I'm headed up the river with a boat and no paddle
And they got me on lockdown!
Now I'm headed up the river with a boat and no paddle
And they got me on lockdown!
Livin' like a nigga who done lost his mind
Cause I ain't goin' out like a spineless jellyfish
Some say, "Life is a bitch!"
Ask that punk who dug his own ditch
Up on the Hill fuckin' up at a party
Tried to get funny, put a hole in his body
La la la la la la la la
Look at all those funeral cars
Cause of my...

Sawn-off shotgun, hand on the pump
Left hand on a forty, puffin' on a blunt!
Pumped my shotgun, niggas didn't jump!
La la la la la la la laEmbed