30 ContributorsWhy Why Why Lyrics
A mi name Swnkah, comin' live
Kingston fight, black roots, youths from 
Big up RZA, Mathematics, all Wu-Tang Clan
A we come for Chinatown to Babylon

If I put my fist through the face of a racist
Smack 'em tasteless
Would I face three cases in court, locked in places
Or shackled to a seat of a bus, a hundred of us
Life in America shouldn't be so tough
We got western civilization got me fighting for my civil rights
After fighting scores of war, we still fight for our civil rights
To be equal citizens with equal opportunity
Equal chance to advance and uplift our communities
But instead we getting shot in the head
Like a black man life ain't worth a loaf of bread
"Stop or I shoot," you stop, they still shoot
Buck, buck, buck they stomp you out with steel boots

Oh, why, why, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why, why, why?
You might also like
They trying to distract us from our practice
And shackle us up, mentally retract us backwards
Attack us like the prophet on the way to Damascus
It's like we huddle up, had control of the ball, let 'em sack us
Now they overtax us as if they want to collapse us
Don't be diluted by this foolishness
30 years old man still want nothing do with this
Try to find career and a beer on the weekend
And a freak he could take to the crib on the weekend
SUV, XM, heat, only plays the Weeknd
Only wanna fuck you 5 AM with no tweeting
Honey's 25 should be working but she's twerking
Nobodies tripping she could make money from stripping
And I'm sitting in the back sipping my 'yac
Can't help but thinking that "What does her father think of that?"
Probably because I got a daughter
I heard Money Mayweather, he makes it rain without water
He dropped 50 G's at a strip club near the border
A dozen women crawling on all fours up
Woah, hey, you should've saw her
You should've took that money to a college campus
But then again, I guess momma needed some Pampers
But from my view, these wizards need some pampering
Not  stop looting and tamperin' with the essence
Even with a lack of substance
And she wonders why, why, why she can't keep her husband?
We come to unite people
Every color, every race
Every shape, every face
All around the nation
No discrimination
Peace and love 
From generation to generation
Jah,  not take it no more
 RZA, Wu-Tang Clan, take it to there
(Oh, why, why?)

It's getting realer
Streets gettin' hotter, I could feel it
Who am I to put a gun to another
I'm just trying to show love to my brother
Hands up, I just pray to God I make it out
(Stop killin' )
Is my life not enough, am I hard to love
If it's America we trusted each other knock me down
And I'm just trying to live it up
Only one life to live and I ain't trying to give it up

Oh, why, why, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why?

Oh, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why?Embed