72 ContributorsIron Maiden Lyrics
: What you doing on our turf punk?
: I got a message for Smokey
: Give it
: You Smokey, man?
: Give it!
: If you ain't Smokey it ain't your motherfucking message
: Motherfucker, I said give me the message!
: It's from Willie, in the slam
: Nigga, you been busted?
: Yeah, the man picked me up
: Well, I ain't got no fucking time to play with you. Now Give me the message
: Willie's in Warwick - doing one to three. Told me to tell y'all motherfuckers to keep cool. He be out one way or another, quick. Maybe I can stick around for a while?
: No that's out man! You know. What could we The lords do with a punk like you!?
: Kiss my ass, motherfucker
: Burn him!
: Just me and you, motherfucker, just me and you! I put trademarks around your fucking eye!

Yo, Gambino niggas who swipe theirs, deluxe rap cavaliers
Midgets who steal beers, give 'em theirs
Sit back jollyin'
My team be gaming like Three-card Molly and Drug Somalians pollying
Mittens raps they crocheting
Aiyo Iron, these niggas portraying but haven't been paying
For real, slide on these niggas like a fresh pair
Caesar fade style, usually tuck grenade
Throw a blade, fuck getting laid, guzzle this shit like Gatorade
Day to day Wallies half leather, half-suede
Connecting with the high stylist, dun
Light up a chalice, I run with nothing but the wildest, foulest
Come on now, long-dick style
Niggas on the hit out, aiyo Iron bite my shit out
Eventually, bust a rap gun mentally
Been doing this a century kid, shit's meant to be
Get on your knees and bless me with a gem in the Caribbean
Skiin' off white BM
Snatch Canadian cream with Scandinavians
Palladium style, play it like 32 Arabians
The greatest lesson is don't owe, you might get stole on
When I go bury me with velour on
You might also like
[They come to me, and understand, just let me get mines first. Then after I
Get mines, y'all can do what y'all wanna do. Fuck 'em up bad]

'Sho 'nuff, hit the Bank and thrust
Wu Nauticas Jamie Sommer got trained on the tour bus
We upgrade, swallow raw eggs, read the label
Hitting white-label, left the Winnebago unstable
Smooth sailing, walked in, my Earth start kneeling
Started stealing, I'm too ill
See we're grilling at the parlay, kicked up, mack, max motion
Michael Bolton magazine quote, I'm too potent
Louisville mix pain kill rap, fuck Benadryl
The violin in Knowledge God sounded ill
Tremendously obnoxious, no blotches
My telephone watch'll leave bartenders topless
Dead arm the prosecutor, smack the juror
Me and my girl'll run like Luke and Laura
We sit back on Malayan islands
Sipping mixed drinks out of broke coconut bowls, we wilding

Sit back jollyin' (ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha)
Sit back jollyin' (ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha)
Sit back jollyin'
My team be gamin' like three card Rolly an'
Drug Somalians pollyin'
Sit back jollyin'
My team be gamin' like three card Rolly an'
Drug Somalians pollyin'
Sit back
Deep meditation sound orientated, war the blizzard
Rap paramedical the wizard
Cappadonna, never catering to none
My microphone and three verse weigh a ton of slaughter
You order five thousand back across the water
My laboratory story keep me flowing with the glory
Acapella or deep dirty instrumental
I could blow the sky like the stormy wind blew
One gallon of wilding, Park Hill profiling
I cut your face a Buck 50 sure why you smiling?
For violating my position
I leave you smoked like a crackhead on a mission
Two tokes of mic dope, one stroke of elegance
Rated like the movie graphic told intelligence
Person to person, it be hard for you to take a trophy
You better off to get somebody out to try to smoke me
'Cause I'm PLO TKO every day
Dancehall General, party fanatic Colonel
Cappadonna son'a old school Disco Inferno
Veteran for rapping with the new set of Wu the hard rapping
'96 jive, I keep the live crowd clapping
When I bow, all praises due to Staten Isle
I spark the mic and Shaolin spark the Meth-Tical
Every evening, I have a by myself meeting
Thinking who's gonna be the next to catch a beating
From my mental slang and bitching rap twist the point of warfare
I brutalize, all competition catch hell here
Chance him, that's what they said, threw up a ransom
I jacked it, stripped the beat naked and packed it
Gimme my rewards
[The way I, the way I wanna get 'em. I want 'em gotten. I want 'em layin'
Out. I want 'em gotten. Cause niggas need to be got. He need to be
Taken off of here. That's right.]10Embed