136 ContributorsWu-Tang Clan Ain’t Nuthing ta Fuck Wit Lyrics

Tiger Style!
Tiger Style! (Tiger style!)

Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit

Yo, there's no place to hide once I step inside the room
Dr. Doom, prepare for the boom
Bam! Aw, man! I slam, jam, now scream like Tarzan
I be tossin', enforcin', my style is awesome
I'm causin' more family feud than Richard Dawson
And the survey said, "You're dead!"
Fatal Flying Guillotine chops off your fuckin' head
Mister, who is that? Ayo, the Wu is back
Makin' niggas go Bo! Bo! like I'm Super Cat
Me fear no one, oh no, here come
The Wu-Tang shogun, killer to my eardrum

Put the needle to the groove, I gets rude
And I'm forced to fuck it up
My style carries like a pick-up truck
Cross the clear blue yonder, sea to shinin' sea
I slam tracks like quarterback sacks from L.T
Now why try and test the Rebel INS?
Blessed since the birth, I earth-slam your best
'Cause I bake the cake, then take the cake
And eat it, too, with my crew while we head state to state
You might also like
And if you want beef, then bring the ruckus!
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthing ta fuck wit
Straight from the motherfuckin' slums that's busted
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthing ta fuck wit

Hah! Lebonon, step up, boy!
Represent! Chop his head off, kid!

The Meth will come out tomorrow
Styles, conditions, bizarre, bizarro
Flow, with more afro than Rollo
Comin' to a fork in the road, which way to go? Just follow
Meth is the legend, niggas is sleepy hollow
In fact I'm a hard act to follow
I dealt for dolo, Bogart comin' on through
Niggas is like, "Oh my God, not you!"
Yes, I come to get a slice of the punk and the pie
Rather do than die, check my flavor
Comin' from the RZA, which is short for The Razor
Who make me reminisce true
Like déjà vu, I'm rubber, niggas is like glue
Whatever you say rubs off me sticks to you
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit

Ahh-hah! Yeah! Representin' Brooklyn, Queens
Long Island, Manhattan, Bronx
The Rugged Lands of Shaolin
Niggas from Virginia, Atlanta, our boys in Ohio
Comin' through with the crazy Y-O Y-O
Yo, niggas from The Source
My man Kelly Woo from the Gavin
Will Strickland, Jason Staton, yeah
True, true, my nigga Crown, what's goin' down, boy?
We ain't nuthing ta fuck wit
The whole Texas mob, the Chicago mob
Niggas from Detroit, fuckin' California squadron
Comin' through, you know what I'm sayin'?
The whole fuckin' West Coast to the whole East
Niggas from D.C., down in Maryland
All the way over there in Morgan State
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit
All over the whole fuckin' globe, comin' through, boy
Peace to the fuckin' Zulu Nation
Peace to all the Gods and the Earths, word is bond
Wu-Tang slang, choppin' heads, boy
It ain't safe no more, peace!45Embed