126 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolРусскийTürkçeTwo® Lyrics
GOAT (Yeah)
That's true
Yeah
Uzi? Uzi? Not again
Uzi, wake your ass up

And I ain't gon' lie, I got money and the power
I ain't gon' lie, I got money and the power (Yeah)
I ain't gon' lie, I got money and the power (Woah)
I ain't gon' lie (Chee)
I ain't gon' lie

Lil Uzi Vert (Chee)
Lil Uzi Vert
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
And I just wanna let you know (Let you know)
I really, really wanna let you know
That I really don't give a fuck what nobody say about me (I don't)
'Cause you know, I'm the one (Yeah)
Yes, I'm the one that really started all this (GOAT, yeah)
And you know, I changed a lot of you niggas
In a matter of months, I raised a lot of you niggas (It's true)
You might also like
They know I'm the one so it's no way they could stop it
Tried to run off with the swag, I put 'em in pocket (Yeah)
Told my main girl to stop it (Stop)
She saw me up in a picture, I thought they cropped it (Oh my God)
Damn, she think I popped it (Oh my God)
I will not give these bitches this dick, let them top it (Oh yeah)
Woah, we're ending that topic
In the industry with Dickies all on my Pac shit (Hey)

And I ain't gon' lie, I got money and the power (What you got?)
I ain't gon' lie, I got money and the power (What you got?)
I ain't gon' lie, I got money and the power (What you got?)
I ain't gon' lie (Huh, what you got? Huh, what you got?)
I ain't gon' lie (What you got?)

Yeah, the famous life, it'll eat you up alive
It's a game, had to put my feelings to the side
(Put 'em to the side, ayy)
Yeah, the famous life, it'll eat you up alive
It's a game, had to put my feelings to the side

Time's up, I check my watch every hour
All of my diamonds, they blinding
I can't fuck her, she a minor (Ayy)
Time's up, I check my watch every hour
All of my diamonds, they blind us
I can't fuck her, she a minor
Look for your bitch, you can't find her
I was the one right behind her (Yeah, yeah)
Talking that shit, you get tied up
Don't got enough? Get your grind up
The reason I got all these bitches and got all these diamonds
I can't make my mind up (Chee)
Mind up, she gave me head, gave that mind up
And I ain't gon' lie, I got money and the power (What you got?)
I ain't gon' lie, I got money and the power (What you got?)
I ain't gon' lie, I got money and the power (What you got?)
I ain't gon' lie (What you got?)
Two41Embed