8 ContributorsMy Struggles Lyrics
Yeah, Missy Elliott, Grand Puba
(Ho-ho-ho-hold up)

Y'all don't really know who I am, goddamn
I'm like grease in the frying pan 'cause I am
Bacon, eggs, toast, butter
Smooth, sexy lover more fresh than others (Aah!)
Go ask your brother if y'all don't believe
I control the industry 'cause Missy in the lead
Uhh, I'm talkin to you man
With my upper hand, the fans call me Dapper Dan (Whoo!)
When I was young, my pops, throw rocks
Always shit talk to my moms and call the cops
Couldn't wait 'til I was nice and grown
Sick of daddy mouth 'til six in the morn'
On and on and on 'til the record scratch
And if I made a few scraps, I would never come back (Yes!)
Take moms with me and a few Adat's
And make a song about that and tell pops he's a rat (Yes!)
Okay!
(Ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-hold up)

Y'all don't really know my life
Y'all don't really know my struggles and how much liquor I guzzle (Yes!)
Y'all don't really know my fears
And how many years to get here, but I'm ready to rumble
(Ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-hold up)
Y'all don't really know my life
Y'all don't really know my struggles and how much liquor I guzzle (Yes!)
Y'all don't really know my fears
And how many years to get here, but I'm ready to rumble
(Ho-ho-ho-ho-ho-hold up)
You might also like
Yeah, I be that throwback cat, I throwback 'gnac (Uh-huh)
I spit hot raps (uh), then I check my traps (whoa)
Pockets stop the bulk, green up like the Hulk (Uh-huh)
Ram up in somethin like that nigga Marshall Faulk
I'm a low key nigga (Whoo), a O.G. nigga (Whoo)
Entertain my guests in "The Basement" like Tigger (Hold it)
Grand Puba and the name ring bells
And if it ain't about paper, I don't waste my sells
So the new school, new school need to learn yo (Uh-huh)
I burn baby burn like a Hunt's Pointe ho
Yo, yo Puba, hold up
Let's take 'em back on some 411 shit
Maryyyy!

I'm Mary J. Blige, for a fact I don't rap (Whoo!)
I'm known around the map to always make a comeback (Uh-huh)
I went through some struggles fightin' with my ex-lovers (Huh!)
Stayed in lots of trouble, blessings then I had recovered
I had to pay them bills (Come on!), the places I lived
Messin' with them cats that's said to get I had to give
I had to tell them back up 'cause I was quick to smack 'em up (Uh-huh)
I didn't give a WHAT, Mary J. would act up

Y'all don't really know my struggles
I had two or three jobs I had to juggle
And all them liquor shots from the pain I covered
Strugglin' from the break-ups with my lover
Y'all don't know the half, don't know the half
I'm better off now that was in the past, yeah
I had to take the good stuff with the bad
Now I'm thankful for the little things that I have
I'm Mary J. Blige, for a fact, I don't rap
Grand Puba, and the name ring bells
I'm Mary J. Blige, for a fact I don't rap
Grand Puba, and the name ring bells1Embed