5 ContributorsWe Up Lyrics
Yeah, 'bout to get my head right on this one
04-04-04, 04-04-04, yeah

Hav' come through, slump low with the seat back
With somethin in the stash to push a elephant bean back
Shit, my shit is touchin, hungry hurry up need that
Tryin to live right, only a juk for the relapse (yeah)
Perhaps I'll fold, maybe I won't
Go back to it like an old bitch I boned
Nigga Havoc he a problem 'specially when he zoned
Let a nigga get foul like the wool he smoked, so
Smell me people, these clowns ain't equal to I
Bitches feel me cause they love my vibe
Know what a chick want, know what a chick need
Recognize the difference from a male, and chicken feed
I'm blessed that's why my neck is glistening
You in a slump cause you not listening
We hold our own and earn our keep
And never ever get more than the one eye sleep

We up! (Word, man)
We up! (I be having nightmares, son)
We up! And I love it, and I love it
We up! (I don't even wanna go to sleep no more)
We up! (I be having the illest dreams, son)
We up! (Tell you about this shit, son)
We up! Everybody wake up!
You might also like
I'm having dreams of squeezing a gun that don't work
And some nigga with a tec come and wet my shirt
I catch bullets in my stomach, and them shits burn
I wake up sweating, holding my stomach cause it hurt
Yo, the shit seem too real, I'm dying of thirst
I gotta drink mad water just to calm me down first
'fore I get back to sleep, and get some rest
Then I can't get back to sleep, I'm too stressed
I got the shotty real close, right under my bed
I know that work, cause I been practicing
With my gauge at the range, nigga I'm nice with it
Nigga mothafuck them dreams, I'm real life with it
You'll be coughin up your spleen, guts and all kinda shit
You invade my space, I'm beating the case
Nigga come fucking with me, yeah that's my kinda shit
Please, or all of my guns'll be a waste

We up! (Yeah, I feel you my nigga)
We up! (No doubt)
We up! (That's why I'm glad we up, man)
We up! And I love it, and I love it
We up! (We got niggas to do that shit for us you know?)
We up! (Word up, man)
We up! (That's right my nigga, we up)
We up! Everybody wake up!1Embed