11 ContributorsCapital P, Capital H Lyrics
Yeah, it's the Unit man
Nobody do it like we do it, you know I'm saying?
Straight G's nigga, G's up nigga
Infamous Mobb Deep, nigga
Y'all know what time it is, man
We clip up over here, nigga
What's your name, fool?

Capital P, Bandana P
V-I-P, M-V-P
R-S-V-P or R-I-P
V-S-O-P, A-S-A-P
P-C-P, P get PC
With the hoes, first they gotta come bless me
I'm, heaven's gift, heavy on the wrist
Heavier on the waist, memorise what I say so

When this shit goes down
You won't be surprised how this shit turns out
I'm a gangsta, you try my hand and get cut
And Hav by the raft for the AK, thun
I'm a menace, a millionaire, rich and I'm ruthless
You got plans at getting at P, don't do it
I'm a terror, white people call me black hearted nigga
My baby mom's left me, cause she couldn't put up
With my foul attitude, I'm so fucked up
And I love it, it got me to where I'm at, thun
If I had it to do over, I wouldn't change a thing
I would still shoot at world and his moms for that chain
I would still get cut and would still catch a fade
By the older thugs around the way (What?)
I would still get cut and would still catch a fade
By the older thugs around the way (What's your name, fool?)
You might also like
Capital P, Bandana P
V-I-P, M-V-P
R-S-V-P or R-I-P
V-S-O-P, A-S-A-P
And
H-A-V, H get PC
With your hoes, first they gotta come bless me
I'm, heaven's gift, heavy on the wrist
Heavy on the waist memorise what I say

This is '06, '07, '08
You old school? Fuck out my face
Who cares if you pioneered rap
Now these rich little bastards got it on smash
We a new breed, not from the same game
Cut from the same cloth not from the same vein
If money ain't flying out your mouth from talking
Then no comprende, your language is foreign
If your body language don't calm down humbly
Homicide homie if you move too suddenly
And don't fidget with your fingers
Cause we would take that for a gang sign nigga
Revenge is food that tastes best served cold
But we like it better when it's fresh off the stove
You could get keep your things, we want your soul
So hot, even Satan gotta go (What's your name, fool?)
Capital H-A-V-O-C
H class diamonds, H-S-B-C
H killing all these producers with his beats
Back seat of the H-3 you H-O-E
H-A-V, H get PC
With your hoes, first they gotta come bless me
I'm, heaven's gift, heavy on the wrist
Heavier on the waist, memorise what I say

Yeah! Hahaha...
Hollywood Hav, nigga
Rod Vegas P, nigga... hahahaha
Nyce, nigga
Y'all niggas know what time it is, man
Real Gs over here, nigga... hahaha
P! What's up, nigga, give me the word, nigga
I'll ride on these bitch ass industry niggas all day, nigga
This is what we do, ya heard?
Hahahaha... yeah, man, we stunting in the Porsches too, nigga, back to back, you bitch ass niggas
Yeah
We got money, nigga
Holla at me, you bitch ass nigga
I hate y'all niggas man, hahahahaha
I fucking hate y'all, man
Word up, man
But we riding out though, you know what I'm saying?
And we gangsta ass Mobb Deep style, nigga
Y'all niggas know what time it is, nigga
Ride out, nigga1Embed