3 ContributorsRemember When Lyrics
Baby, it's not true when they say all men are dogs
Cause I know a lot of women who cheat
I know you kinda wonder why I'm havin this conversation wit'chu
Because I speak upon experience
And if it's worth anything, I'll never cheat again
Whoo!!

I know I may act stubborn boy
But that don't mean I don't love you boy
Please forgive me for my attitude
When it seems I'm takin all my  out on you
I know I never said this here
Let me make myself, loud and clear
I appreciate the way you treat me
I did a lot of things you still don't hate me

Remember when you caught me cheatin (Hey)
Cheatin
You said I stopped your heart from breathin (Stopped your heart) Breathin (Yes!)
But you loved me so you forgave me (Oooh)
'gave me
When you could've went out and played me (Oh yeah)
Played me
You might also like
Am I a disappointment to you baby?
Most of the time I'm wrong, makin excuses for abuses I've done
Steppin all on your heart, but you never left me baby
Say I'm sorry all the time, and any other guy would be gone
But you stayin right by my side

Remember when you caught me cheatin (Ohh cheatin)
Cheatin
You said I stopped your heart from breathin (Stopped your heart) Breathin (Yes!)
But you loved me so you forgave me (You said that you love me)
'gave me (I know, oh I)
When you could've went out and played me (Yeah)
Played me

And a love like this, and I can't play no games
And it's hard to forgive it, but you didn't never complain (Yes)
Didn't rub it in my face, just let me slide on by
I know that every girl, wish she had you as a guy

WOO!
Myyyyyyy, my oh myyy
Whoa-ohhhhhh (HOLLA!)
No no, no no - uhh, no no, Lord
Cause a love like this, can't play no games
And it's hard to forgive, things I did to you
Let me slide on by (Huh)
Yeah, have you ever...
(YES!)

When I cheated you said you couldn't breathe 
Said you couldn't breathe (YES!)
Now I'm sittin here beggin on my knees
Take me back, I'll do anything including plead (YES!)
I didn't mean to burn a bridge three degree
Like Fantasia said, let yourself be free (Whoo!)
The truth be without me you'd succeed
I'm sorry baby, please believe in you and me
C'mon

Ain't no love, better than you
With all the pain, I put you through
I've stook close and {?}
And you still love me, yes you do (Ain't no love)
Ain't no love, better than you
With all the pain, I put you through
I've stook close and {?}
Without you here, what would I do
Eww eww eww ewww, mmm mmm
Eww eww eww ewww, mmm mmm
Remember when you caught me cheatinEmbed