29 ContributorsGet Dealt With Lyrics
Yeah, yeah, yeah
To all my motherfuckin' niggas, you know what I'm sayin'? (That's right, kid, that's right, yo, that's right, baby)
Word up (That's the only way it gotta be)
And, um, to my niggas too (Who?)
You know what I'm sayin'? (Who? What? Who?)
Word up, son (Who? What? When? Where? Why? Where? Where it happened at, kid?)
(What up? What up?)
For them other niggas, though (What's goin' on? What?)
You know what I'm sayin'

I got my clique ready, ready for hand-to-hand combo
Palms break him down, Rapper Noyd cut his throat
Don scoop him up, ah, Gotti stomp him out
Each twin grab an arm, pick this nigga up
Nitty turn his face to me and let me wake him up
I throw him up against the wall and put a hole in his face so big
It almost took his whole face off
We got the team positioned, ready for faceoff
We blitz like Dallas in the Super Bowl faceoff
We form like niggas in the yard up north
With long swords, ready for war, who paid cost
To take your life lost, never found again, boss
A job well done, relax, throw back fifths
Of Bacardi Limon, fifteenths of hash get lit (Light it up, son)
Fuckin' with the fabulous Mobb, yeah, you a sick
Lunatic, nigga jump up, but got hit
With MACs and TECs and silencers spit
Shots whiz past your earlobe and shit
That's the sound of a nigga almost felt it
Got you runnin', dodgin', coverin', shelterin'
Bullets rippin' through the fabric of your shirt, it's meltin' in
You bleed again, you just another nigga dealt with
Intruder alert, our house is nothin' like the Covenant
We hold big shit like a bitch hold one in the oven
You might also like
Yo, if it ain't drama, money or bum, broke bitches
Simple-minded niggas out for Havoc position
That's opposition, wettin' me calm edition
Suddenly and outta the blue and now I see
Find myself by myself and rollin' mad trees
Paranoid on point and now I see who's who
Distinguish fake ones outta the immediate crew
Life, I take one if you jeopardize mine, duke
You're small, minute, got a deck to deal with aces up
You overbidded and in the Bridge, you got stuck
This ain't a card game, but in perspective, it's the same
Put two and two together, Mobb Deep with one name
Contain drama like Outbreak
You order drama, we outtake, then take you out
Keep it real and throw the fake out
Raise the stakes up, hit you up from the waist up
That's how it is and how it is is kinda fucked up
But our beats bangin', got your whole clique singin'
On a corner while it's rainin', four pound left ya ears ringin'
Delete those and keep my shit discrete
Niggas is trash rhymin', totally offbeat
And outta sync with they life, E&J been tight
Nigga, slow your roll
You're speedin', now you bleedin' tonight for no reason
Wanna be macks and thugs, get smacked, show no love
Crush your team like a bear hug
The Infamous'll do dirt that'll smear like mud
New York, New Yitty, Queens, I feel no pity, no remorse
Takin' it to the source of course
Where that ass, thug real, kid, it's only your mask
That you wear, take off, cop out, feel the blast
Who on top of boom, gat-for-gat
And all the wolves got the drop on you
And let the nickel-nine pop on you
Yo, my crew in the front got it locked
My live niggas in the back got the gats blowing outta your back
What the deal with them tough looks and eye contact?
Starin' all up in your cornea, your cornea lack
The look of a true-to-life, crime niggas attack
Go at the first nigga that front and overreact
You get dealt with, dealt with quick
Opposition get melted by hot shit, he felt it
You get dealt with, dealt with quick
Opposition get melted by hot shit, he felt it
Dealt with quick
Opposition get melted by hot shit, he felt it6Embed