8 ContributorsMr. D.J. Lyrics
It's all about (Yo)
Lady Saw and Missy (Can you feel me?)
An the next thing is about (Yo)
The big Bashment party (Can you feel me, what?)
I'm feelin' you Timbaland, I'm feelin' you (Yo)
Yo! (Can you feel me, what?)
And we wind up when we a listen dis now, check, ay!

There's the party
I'm up in the club and I'm drinking
I'm drunk off the Alizé
As I hear the record spin it seems to take over me
So I move side to side and it's something inside that controls me
As I walk to the D.J. and I say

"Mr. D.J., spin it one more time
We gonna play it back to back, we gon' rock it two times
Move your feet with me, move your hands with me
See how easy it's gon' be for you and me, you see
Mr. D.J., spin it one more time
We gonna play it back to back, we gon' rock it two times
Move your feet with me, move your hands with me
See how easy it's gon' be for you..."
You might also like
You say you're a baller
'Cause you up in the club, fakin' like you got dough
With your dollars
To my people, spend they money, let me hear you holler
We're gon' party like no other party, don't stop 'til the morning
But before I go, this is what I say

"Mr. D.J., spin it one more time
We gonna play it back to back, we gon' rock it two times
Move your feet with me, move your hands with me
See how easy it's gon' be for you and me, you see
Mr. D.J., spin it one more time
We gonna play it back to back, we gon' rock it two times
Move your feet with me, move your hands with me
See how easy it's gon' be for you..."

M-I-S-S-Y
Y-S-S-I-M, M-I-S-S-Y
M-I-S-S-Y
Y-S-S-I-M

Yo, Mr. D.J., play that one more time
So me and Missy Elliott can move we waistline, yo
Tell the guy don't come waste we time
'Cause we under the ganja plus the red wine, yo
There's a party over here so say it's phat, ya know
Let go me hand so me can look for man, ya now
You see me face and me know that me red, ya know
Buy all the bar 'cause me friend them rich, ya know
Know, know, uh, what me say? Yo, yo
We'll be dancin' until tomorrow
No other party is slammin' you wan go
Sweatin' and wettin' like me in a mi sauna
Fit like me just done a dance with me tae-bo
Bo, bo, uh, what me say, me say, yo
Tell the D.J. fi play an no batta stop
Spin it again rewind from the top
Misdemeanor, the Saw, plus the Elliott
When we drop ya da'no that's uh road
Block, block, block, ya can't block
Road block, block, a road block
Ya da'no it's all about Missy Elliott
Ya wan star ever thing is ever thing, seen?
It's a party, and ya da'no it's all about weight, ya!
Ay, cut!
Embed