8 Contributors4 My Man Lyrics
Like your name is Missy Elliott, my name is Fantasia Barrino
And what I can give you is Fantasia Barrino
Holla at your girl
Two thousand five!
Whoo!

Wake up in the mornin' with my man next to me
Up all night like we've been on that ecstasy (Yes!)
Mixed with Hennessy, he got the remedy
Yeah my nigga into me, I can't say it simply
We (Uh huh), take a quick shower for the hour conversation
Time to have relation, love makin' in the basement (Yes!)
Smack it up, flip it up, crush it (Mmm-ahh)
One minute, two minute, I was no question (Ahh!)
Who would ever think that I'd be givin up the goodies
Walkin 'round naked in a pair of pink footies (Huh!)
Just like them hoes at the shows
Half-dressed clothes doin whatever, who knows (Okay!)
Nah I only get freaky with him
No menage-a-trois, not freaky with them (Whoo!)
It's just me and my man
Yes, said me and my man

For my man, I'll do whatever
(Make me, make me, make me do thangs)
Cause what I feel, this love, it make me do thangs
For my man, I'll last forever (My love's forever)
Cause what I feel (is real), this love, it won't never change
(Come on!)
You might also like
I'm never insecure when we not together
Even though he tell me he in love with Ciara
I'm from a new era and I bring terror
To any chick who check my fella when we together, so
He treat me like a Cinderella, yup
Protect me from the storm like he my umbrella (okay)
This fella deserve primo stellar, he be a Roc-A-Fella
Not to Jay-Z and Dame but the charm on the chain be platinum
Jacob Roley lookin sporty, he packin'
Money stackin' (Ooh), keep track and I fax him
If I can't find his ass then his ass out of gas
He only gettin one pass (OH-KAY!)
My man, is my man and nobody else's
Damn right, I hope y'all felt this
Old ladies 'round the coast-es (Hey)
You better get focuses 'fore you ever try to approacheth
(Oh-whoo, whoo-yeah)

For my man, I'll do whatever
(Make me, make me, make me do thangs)
(I'll do whatever, baby)
Cause what I feel, this love (this love)
It make me do thangs (Uh), make me do thangs
For my man, I'll last forever (My love's forever, baby, yes it is)
Cause what I feel (this love), this love (uh, yes)
It won't never change (Ohh-whoo)
(Come on)
See, when you in love you might have to fight
Don't say you won't, never say you won't
You might get real mad, wan' act all bad
Act up in the street, a few chicks you gotta beat
Cause they disrespect (disrespect)
Clockin' your man from his feets to his neck, uhh
You gotta let her know that's a no-no, slap her real slow
With a right blow whichever way it go
And keep it gangster (gangster)
Show these bitches that you can't come, yeah
Yank 'em, point blank 'em, top rank 'em
I ride for my nigga and I'm happy with the trigger (Yes!)
Scared how you figure?
My man (Okay!)
Say it time again
Say (That's) my man (Okay!)
My man again
I say my man (That's my man)
It's just me and my man (Ohhh-oh-ooh)
Said for me and my man

For my man, I'll do whatever
(Make me, make me, make me do thangs)
(Said I'll do whatever)
Cause what I feel, this love (I feel, this love, this love)
It make me do thangs, make me do thangs (This love, this love is real love, yeah)
For my man, I'll last forever (It's gonna last forever)
Cause what I feel, this love (Uh)
It won't never change
(Oh, yeah-eh, yeah)
That's my man
Yes-yes-yes-yes, yes it is
Th-th-th-th-this love
Oh, oh, whooEmbed