51 ContributorsCradle to the Grave Lyrics
Forever wild from the cradle to the grave
Kid, watch your back! One-time's comin' always (Yeah!)
They locked me up for 12 days, I can't comprehend
Now I'm a free man on the streets again
Chasin' St. Ides down with some Seagram's Gin
Life is like a dice game, and I'm in to win

On the scene, from the 41st side of Queens (Yeah!)
We get the C.R.E.A.M., laid up, love-love redeem
'Cause I mean what I mean, I'm out to claim king
Doin' my thing, throughout states my name'll ring

To all my peoples locked down, comin' back to life
In the world once again, though ya bid was trife
While you was gone, we was goin' to war
And even more, saw my man layin' dead on the floor
Kid, I swore that our crew'd live forever, I guess I was wrong
No, until we meet again, hold ya head and stay strong (Yeah)
Yo, got my mind on a place to hide from police (Where?)
Sweatin' dogs as I'm runnin' 'cross 12th Street
Just as I approached the block
I spotted Jake on the creep down by Vic's weed spot (Say word?)
Made a U-ey up the hill, plus a change of plans
I had to.. hurry back so I could warn my mans
You might also like
It had me stressed a little somethin', had my heart rapidly pumpin'
Niggas started cuttin', behind the bushes duckin'
My ears rung, I plunged a clip into the guns
Got grazed in the arm, one slug hit my son
He was bleedin' from the head, I couldn't believe it
We was defeated, if it was a case, I couldn't beat it
Felt like cryin' (The temperature's risin'!)
I saw my man helpless, damn near on the verge of dyin'
So to P I passed the iron

Kid, you ain't lyin'
I went to stash the murder weapon, plus I'm relyin'
On a door to be open, goin' in the building, it's a trap!
Police buckin' at me, they tried to twist my dome back
Jetted up the staircase to the third floor
Reach behind the sink, throw the heater on the floor
Lock the door, police grab me up and try to break my jaw
Said, "Where's the gun we saw?" (I don't know)
"We know you was there at the homicide scene"
(I don't know nothin')
"And if it wasn't you, it was somebody from ya team"

From the cradle to the grave
(From the cradle to the grave!)
From the cradle to the grave
(From the cradle to the grave!)
From the cradle to the grave
(From the cradle to the grave!)
From the cradle to the grave
(Straight from the motherfuckin' cradle to the grave!)
Yo, it's the reals, drama kills
Nobody move, stand still
Body you, drop that ass off in the landfills
Son blessed me with the iron, I got beef with
Some niggas from the other side over some weak shit
Load up the heaters, greet 'em with the hollow tips
Flip 'em like the Gotti clique, my crew strictly body shit!
The cradle to the grave is where I'll end up
Fuck gettin' sent up North, son, I'm bent up!
Doin' my dirt on the low
Fuckin' with the Mobb is like a trial, no doubt you gonna blow
You never know, he didn't even have to go
There, unprepared, now he's six below
Y'know I'm chillin', I gots no time for catchin' feelings
Get that money I want, some brothers wanna act funny
But it's all good! I still die for the hood
(For my peoples!) Yeah, knock on wood!

Triple L, rollin' dice while I put you on
To the drama, what I gotta say is short, not long
This nigga that I'm beginnin' to dislike, he got me fed
If he doesn't discontinue his bullshit, he might be dead!
You know him well, and probably go way back
But I don't care if he's your man doin' shit like that
I hope the word gets back to him, 'cause I'll screw him
He shitted on my man, and we got plans to do him
Lets get it over with quick, I'm tired of waitin'
Ain’t no fear over here, dear, we just debatin'
On when and how, later or right now
Spoke to Killa yesterday, he said to chill for a while
But it's hard actin' like everythin' is alright
I get the chills when I see that nigga in my eyesight
A dead man walkin', not only that, he's still talkin'
(About what?) About how and what he did very often
You don't know how much I fiend to put his ass in a coffin
One day — my man, and the next — he's not
Didn't know him long anyway, so fuck it!
It's funny how things change (Word up!)
From the cradle to the grave
(From the cradle to the grave!)
From the cradle to the grave
(From the cradle to the grave!)
From the cradle to the grave
(From the cradle to the grave!)
From the cradle to the grave
(Straight from the motherfuckin' cradle to the grave!)

Word up, man!
Y'knowhatumsayin'? We gonna die!
It's for real, kid! No games bein' played16Embed