24 ContributorsHave a Party Lyrics
This is how we do it, when we do it
Like we just wanna tear the club up
We do it like ain't nothing to it, the way we do it
Now e'rybody put your fucking hands up - let's go

Hey! Go ahead and have a party if you want to
Now, now, now, now - come on
Hey! Go ahead and touch your body like you want to
Now, now, now, now - come on

You heard about the kid, you know how I rock
Went from pumping bags on the block, straight to the top
So the money ain't a thing now, yeah, that's right
Mansion after mansion, next stop the Hamptons
I splurge with it, I'm so absurd with it
Got the hunger to go get it, 'cause I wan' go spend it
You know how a boss player play, nigga, I'm balling
If there's money to be made, I'm all in
Catch me in a cherry red Porsche, beige seats, red piping
You want me to teach you how to stunt, aight then
Tattoos on the arm, 30 karats on the charm
'Cause the flow be the bomb, learn to respect the Don
First night if I don't hit, second night I'm on some shit
Third night we call it quits, I ain't fucking with the bitch
Success is my drug of choice, I'm high off life
Another move another mill', let's get right - aight?
You might also like
Hey! Go ahead and have a party if you want to
Now, now, now, now - come on
Hey! Go ahead and touch your body like you want to
Now, now, now, now - come on

You could, catch me cocking the fifth, got me rocking with Fif'
Now that's why you see the keys to the Bent'
Got my niggas moving the bricks, it don't stop
And a million dollar deal, homey, get that gwap
See dudes get comfy, money ain't long enough
Come spit one verse, my whole crib's coughed up
Ma, I got a fetish, fucking in them Porsche trucks
Curtis got one so when I finished I tossed her
Y'all into wifing, we don't condone lifing
Only fuck with bitches that, got they liquor license
Shop high prices, shook all vices
Infamous nigga got the game in a vice grip
Chain hundred K but the flow, is priceless
Anything less? We rolling them dices
Nuts in the sand if you ain't bumping my shit
Shorty wanna rip to my sound and my likeness

Hey! Go ahead and have a party if you want to
Now, now, now, now - come on
Hey! Go ahead and touch your body like you want to
Now, now, now, now - come on
Listen - you can call me Bandana P or V.I.P
My wrists could buy a bitch a Ph.D
My rings alone could pay for you to eat
For the next few years I'm so icy kid
My flow is long money, my face is Hollywood
My tattoos gon' keep me with a thug part though
My attitude is universal, get harmed - call money
When we get back to Queens we gon' hurt you
Can't afford to ride, you getting stomped out
I got a team of dimes, they all thonged out
Ready to line you up and take you out
My girls is hot, man, they hard to turn down
You pee in your drawers looking like you're Mexican
After lil' shorty wop wop break you off a lil' bit
You so stupid, we so much rich
And who bragging? I'm just trying holler at the chicks like

Hey! Go 'head and have a party if you want to
Now, now, now, now - come on
Hey! Go 'head and touch your body like you want to
Now, now, now, now - come on
Hey! Go 'head and have a party if you want to
Now, now, now, now - come on
Hey! Go 'head and touch your body like you want to
Now, now, now, now - come on5Embed