6 ContributorsBeat Biters Lyrics
She's a...
Uh, uh... bitch
Yo... I'ma tell y'all straight up and down
It's like this fo'real, it's goin' down like this fo'real
She's ahh... (Tell 'em)
Bitch (Bitch)
I'm sick of y'all fake Timbaland beat bitin'
You know what I'm sayin'?
I'm a bring it to y'all like this

By all means necessary
You might catch me somewhere stickin' yo baby's daddy
They say, "Oh Missy, you wack" but y'all not ready
'Cause I come back like a smack
You hear my gats in yo back (Blat-blat-blat)
Huh, like spaghetti
Half of y'all MC's be stinkin' like boobetti
So your record label cut you off like confetti
Then you wanna call Missy and beg me, beg me (Who?)
Ooh, beg me, beg me
Dang, I'm very scary
Burn a whole club down like I was Carrie
Give a boy French kiss, he wanna marry
See y'all jealous tricks, y'all cannot stand me
Ooh, that's fine and dandy
Hey daddy, daddy
Why these chicken heads? Ooh, they be so petty
Hey, nah, nah, nah, you best not test me
I keep tellin' you nah, you never ready
Nah, you never ready
You might also like
Get rowdy (Say what?)
Let me hear y'all loudly (Aha!)
Keep my high niggas 'round me (Ooh!)
Let me see y'all work it and work it till y'all can't stand up
Get rowdy (Get rowdy, baby)
Let me hear y'all loudly (Aha!)
Keep my high niggas 'round me
Let me see y'all work it, baby, work, work it, baby, what?

In the club, I see niggas
They think I'm super fly, they blow me sugars
So I cut them short like some scissors
They trying to take me home, they give me liquor
You know who I am? I'm a bitch
Do you know what I make? Filthy rich
Do you know what this means? Gotta gat
I thought you was a freak, never that
You see me on the road, when I stroll
I float through the toll, like whoa (Beep beep)
You just a silly ho, this I know
You be at every show, for the dough, hear me now (What?)

Get rowdy (Aha!)
Let me hear y'all loudly (What you got fool?)
Keep my high niggas 'round me (Say what!)
Let me see y'all work it and work it till y'all can't stand up
Get rowdy (Aha!)
Let me hear y'all loudly (What you got fool?)
Keep my high niggas 'round me (Keep 'em 'round me!)
Let me see y'all work it, baby, work, work it baby, what!
Yo, this is Timbaland
Callin' from the Matrix y'all
And this how we do it
Yo Missy, tell 'em how you feel, what

Beat biter, dope style taker, originator
Or just an imitator
Stealin' our beats like you're the one who made 'em
Timbaland's the teacher and I'm the one to grade 'em
Check the verbatim, F is how we rate 'em
How dare you make 'em, just like we made 'em
And I won't play 'em, and I won't say 'em
Save this for later, so I can tell you straighter

Get rowdy (Aha!)
Let me hear y'all loudly (What you got fool?)
Keep my high niggas 'round me (Keep 'em 'round me!)
Let me see y'all work it and work it till y'all can't stand up
Get rowdy (Get rowdy!)
Let me hear y'all loudly (Aha!)
Keep my high niggas 'round me (Keep 'em 'round me!)
Let me see y'all work it, baby, work, work it baby, what!
Now see this one right here (Ooh)
This is for everybody (Ooh)
This is for my people East (What, what?) (Ooh)
East, West, South
East (Ooh)
West, South (Ooh)
(Yo baby, talk to them)
But you know what, before I get up on outta here (Ooh)
I gotta say one thing to y'all beat biters (Ooh)
It's 'bout to be the year 2000 (Ooh)
You know what I'm sayin'?
And I'm kinda sick of that (Kack, kack, kack, kack, ficky-boom, ficky-boom)
That (Kack, kack, kack, kack, ficky boom, ficky boom)
That (Kack, kack, kack, kack, ficky boom, ficky boom)
That (Kack, kack, kack, kack, ficky, boom ficky, boom)
On everything, y'all gotta come up with
Y'all own creativity, y'all own originality, y'all own style
You know what I'm sayin'
Heh, you gonna be left behind this time
Aight, ain't no love lost
All need you to do is stop beat bitin'!

That was Missy
Now this is Timbaland signin' off from the Matrix
You heard that
ShhEmbed