33 ContributorsMan Down Lyrics
That's my word, God
Kick that thug shit, God, kick that motherfuckin' thug shit, man
Word up, man (What's up, son? What's up?)
What up, Kicko? (No doubt, nigga)
Money No representin', you know what I'm sayin'?
All the time, baby
No doubt (You know what I'm sayin'?)
Who we got here, son?
Shine, baby, shine
Look, up in the sky (Who do we have here? Yo)

Here come the vultures, the Mobb-laced potent rap shit
Perhaps, kid, make it happen, start the flipping
You fuckin' comic, who you kidding?
My niggas laughing, blood bathin', the world's greatest
Infamous crimes heinous
To interfere would be dangerous
Plain and simp', stand clear, save your strength
You couldn't go the length if you was coked up
Bombazee'd up, whatever the fuck
Who gives a fuck? You get fucked
My coalition specialize in collision
The clash of the cliques
The duel of the iron, MAC spit
And leave you half-split
You'll be missin' much more than a fraction
When it's time for action
Hit him while he man down, make that nigga backspin
Trapped up by New Yiddy madmen
We blastin', you collapsin'
Heavily like my gold MAC-10
Get imprisoned with them raps'll have you relapsin'
You get cast in the Mobb, man, for askin'
We face splashin', dope fake's icepick stabbing
He slow leakin', eternally bleedin' for speakin'
Outta place, niggas get placed back indecent
Live at the main event, may I present
And scream it out loud for any Squad that's Def
My Infamous Mobb, your heart throb, hold your breath
He's KO'd from dead-arm rights and hard lefts
Another satisfied consumer who got blessed
Single out your army 'til there's no man left
You might also like
Man down (Man down)
You know what I mean, son? Leave him
Man down (Man down)
You know what I sayin', nigga's real-life bleedin', he done
Aw, man
Man down (Man down)
41st side, baby, representin', you know what I mean?
Man down (Man down)
We takin' over this, this is ours, son, we want that
And you know what I want you to do?
Lay the fuck down

Infamous cartel, visible evidence
We scarred well, associated team benevolent
Never hesitant, opposition get settled, hit with
Sharp shit that'll rip through
One hundred layers of Kevlar
Sharp like the GemStar
Exiled, son, he get sent far
It's the foulest, QBC gat bust the loudest
But low profile, peep style, thirsty prowess
Catchin' court cases, paid lawyer, legal aid
Son, that's money wasted, I ain't got time for that
Invest, don't place all my bets on rap
On the strength of the ignorant cats
It'll be dead in a few, just like that
Could've bust his gat right (Yo, you know what?)
But now you bucked your own man, amateur ass
Homeroom, take that ass to class
But you cuttin', duckin' a reality blast
You catch a D-minus fuckin' with New York's finest
No conversation for them outsiders
Dick riders, connivers
Bomb your camp, leave no survivors
Caught you off guard, got homicided
We analyze and tell you up front, ain't no surprises
Take you down first round, give your man pound
Man down (Man down)
Word up, on the strength of all that shit, niggas is gettin' laid down
Man down (Man down)
All that, all that drama we got, son
Man down (Man down)
Word up, who the, who the fuck is this nigga comin' out outta nowhere?
Man down (Man down)
All y'all, all y'all, all y'all
Lay the fuck down

Check it out, dun, them niggas ain't ones
To be blowin' off the top and shit, I'm tired of shit
Dun, I'm about to dot the bitch and leave him stiff
Toss me the fifth, so I can bless the God with gift
Yo, nigga Noyd, what's the topic? Yo, the topic is this
Let me start from the beginning at the top of the list
First of all, them dyke niggas with that spaced-out shit
I stick a rocket up in they ass and give 'em a lift
My marvelous Mobb is tonic, intoxicant, beastly (What?)
Morphine raps, you get dope from N-O-Y-D
Shit fiendin', now get your fix, 'cause you need it
Fucking up your intravenous, the Infamous Mobb top secret
The only way you weaken this is if you peekin' this
Sneak thievin' niggas mischievous
Knowledgin' the God behind the scene on some snake shit
With vultures, water from the mouth 'cause we can taste it
We just waitin' with patience
Yo, dun, check the cross-examination, these niggas fakin'
So you can scream, you can fiend, you can dream for the bacon
Or you can snatch the MAC for the fact it ain't bangin', motherfucker
Man down (Man down)
Man down (Man down)
Man down (Man down)
Man down (Man down)
Lay the fuck down (Lay the fuck down)

Pow, pow, pow, pow, pow
What the fuck you doin', man?
Fuck, son, you shook, nigga
Pow, pow, pow, pow
Yo, stop fuckin' playin' me with that shit, man, c'mon, man, you know, come on, man (Fuck that, son, fuck that, this shit is ill, son)
You can't play the kind of games like that, c'mon, man, word up, man (This fuckin', look at this shit, son, this shit is butter, yo)
Put that shit up, man, word up (Fuck that, yo, fuck that)
Fuckin' buggin', kid
Use that shit or somethin', man
Fuck that, what the fuck, you think I'm not, motherfucker? What you mean, yo?
Better use this shit (This shit is flame, you actin' all shook and shit)
You playin' with it
The fuck, you scared, motherfucker? Shit1Embed