23 ContributorsAll N My Grill Lyrics

Uh, hit me

Don't explain (Uh-huh), you never change (Uh-huh)
Same old thang (Ugh), same old game (Ahh)
Say ya want (Ahh) to be wit' me (Ahh)
But show me my ring (Ahhh), baby, let me think (Ooh)
I been (Ohh) in the cold (Uh-huh)
The story untold (Ahh) about to unfold (Uh-huh)
How do you (Ahh) expect me
To ever believe you wan'be wit' me?

Why you all in my grill?
Why (Say what?) you all in?
Can you pay my bills?
Can you pay my bills, -ills? (Uh-huh)
Let me know if you will
Let me know-oh, me know-oooh (Ahh)
'Cause a chick gotta live
A chick like me, I got to live (Uh, uh, uh, uh)

Talk is talk (Ugh), and talk is cheap (Ugh)
Tell it to her (Uh), don't say it to me (Say it to me)
'Cause I know (Ahh) I'm in control (Ahh)
See, Trix are for kids (Ahh), and, boo, I'm too old (Ahh)
Go 'head (Go 'head, uh-huh) with your games (With your games, uh-huh)
Don't ever come back (-ver come back, ahh) to me again (me again, ahh)
Where you go (Ahh), remember me
I'm the best thing in his story
You might also like
Why you all in my grill?
Why? Why? Ooh-why?
Can you pay my bills
Can you pay my bills? (Uh-huh)
Let me know (Uh) if you will
Let me know, boy, boy
'Cause a chick gotta live (Say what?)
A chick got to live, ooh, yeah-eh, yeah-eh-eh, yeah (Uh)

Third time (Third time, uh)
I moved you in, took you back
In my life (I was a fool, say what?)
I don't know what's wrong with me (Uh, uh, uh)
Third time (Third time, uh)
I moved you in, took you back (Uh-huh)
In my life
Yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh-yuh (Ooh, yeah-yeah, yeah)

Why you all in my grill?
Why you all in my grill? (Ugh)
Can you pay my bills?
Can you pay my bills? Yeah (Say what?)
Let me know if you will
Let me know if you will (Uh-huh)
'Cause a chick gotta live
Yuh, yuh, yuh, yuh, what-what-what? (Ohhh)
Why you all in my grill?
Whyyyyy? Ooh-ooh, ooh-ooh (Mmhm, uh)
Can you pay my bills? (Say what? Say what?)
Ooh-ooh, pay my bills (Yuh)
Let me know if you will
Let me know, let me know, baby, baby (Uh-huh)
'Cause a chick gotta live
A chick like me, I got to live (Yuh, if you want me)
If you want me (Uh-huh), where's my dough? (Where's my dough?)
Give me money (Gimme—), buy me clothes (Buy me clothes)
No need for talking, have my dough (Have my dough)
Where's my money? (Where's my money?) Where's my clothes? (Where's my clothes?)
If you want me, where's my dough? (Where's my dough—?)
Give me money (Uh-huh), buy me clothes (Clothes)
No need for talking, have my dough? (Aight)
Where's my money? Where's my clothes? (Uh, my clothes)

Why you all in my grill? I'm thinkin' it's time to chill but you wanna drill though
I couldn't even step out the baby blue Bonneville 'cause you be tryin' to kill my ho
My girlfriend and people around me is tellin' me that you's a stalker
Like Darth Vader takes a Skywalker, I told you I was the street talker
It ain't my fault you gave me your Victoria's Secret's and your Frederick's
You wanted the Waldorf Astoria but instead I took you to Cedric's
To entertain you, to give you to the "G", and never claim you
Me and Missy, we gettin' straight pissy, and, oh, yeah, we puffin' on one of them thangs too
You blamin' who? You namin' who? I know you ain't bringin' that lame crew
Big Boi, Daddy Fat Sax, G pretty D, are they same, boo
But I'm backed by the Dungeon Family, so you can go 'head wit' all that stabbin' me
'Cuz I will jab thee, and slam thee and Bobby Boucher yo' ass, G, yeah, yeah, huhEmbed