11 ContributorsU R the One Lyrics
You are the one
You're the one!

Other fuckas just don't know
You got to feel me on this one man
So real, I'm so sincerious about it, you know?
I know more than a few is gon' relate
So much more than a few for really real
So much more (On the really real!)

When it started I knew it was trouble
But you know me, them "hard and everythings" can't hold me
I need some shit straight out the movies
Drama, warm to the touch, hot mama
Put me all in like launch jeans and scama
You was Mrs. Mine, so fine
Went from "we gon' conquer it all"
To "nigga I'mma see you in court"
I woulda never thought, I guess I better think again
Ok, now the shit is really sinkin' in
We ain't just divorced, we ain't even fucking friends
Cause in the end it was all about the ends
But fuck that I know it gotta be more to it
Held up with bitter hate with crosses all through it
And when I looked, what did I see?
You on the other end crying like me
Expression on your face like, "How could this be?"
That's what I'm asking, "What the fuck happened?"
How could all the magic and passion just vanish
Went from outsanding to making me shout, "Dammit!"
Can't explain the changes, behavior's is outlandish
Now I'm just stuck in the road feeling stranded
I'm in the dark wishing for the answers
On some old Biggie give me one more chance shit
When we met your face was so brown
Your ass so round, of course I'm so down
Wish I knew then what the fuck I know now
Couldn't read the signs in the road: "Slow down!"
I'm too deep in the road now
Got me pulling over getting smoked out
Fighting tears that I can't hold down
Can't believe it, this fucka's got me weeping
I keep it a secret so my friends won't peep it
But late in the evening I'm up, my chest heaving
I'm reaching in the dark and I'm looking for the reason
Why? Did our love have to die? You and I were so fucking fly
Can't get it off my mind
The things that made me smile now make me cry
You might also like
You are the one
You're the one! Fuck you!

I wish we never met, I wish we never kissed
I wish we never touched (Swear to God)
I wish I didn't love you so much
I wish I could forget how feel, how you f..
That's a lie, the shit that made me smile, now make me cry

You are the one
You're the one! Fuck you!

Sometime I wish we'd come back
Man, I wish we'd come back (Memories!)
No lie, for real? Fuck that
No, for real
It's a dangerous necessity
It's a world famous mystery, love
That's it, peace!2Embed