93 ContributorsThe Start of Your Ending (41st Side) Lyrics
You know what I'm sayin'?
I wanna say what's up to my man Louie — you know he's still here
Drop this one for you, you know?
And for those who don't know — The 41st Side

I keep it real, pack steel like my man YG
When a fool try to play me, wet him up then I'm Swayze
You must be crazy, kid
Ran? I never did
Forever wildin', that's how we live up in the 'Bridge
You just sit scared
Cock back the Gat, then hit a nigga like a bid
25? Nah, kid, you gettin' life
Forever burnin' in hell, niggas is trife!
It's the semi-auto, you can bring it on, yo
I'm pullin' out, strippin' niggas just like a porno flick
I'm sick, the Mobb rolls thick
Cross paths with my clique, and get vic!
I'm on some bullshit, that's how I was raised, G
Each level is a stage
Have you slidin' down blazin', pools of alcohol
Walk before you crawl
I'm in this to win this, you gonna take a fall
The Infamous Queensbridge — we on the scene, kid!
Creepin' on those who caught sleepin' — don't ever do that
I run with two MAC's, and plus my crew backs my every move
I choose givin' crews the blues
I'm open off the Dainy
Obey me, or get sprayed with the sweeper
'Cause I'm my brothers keeper
The Grim Reaper holdin' with nothin' but big batters and big heaters
Blow you three times, leave a mark like Adidas
Jig you, I know how to fix you
Pretty-boy niggas frontin' hard is the issue!
Word to my unborn — you get scolded, old and molded
When I get bent, you get folded
Every rhyme is the truth that I must get 'cross
Put you right on your back, take it to the source
No doubt, I'm stuck and I can't get out of this lifestyle
The 41st Side — get bent, run wild!
The 41st Side, too, you know how we do
Violate, motherfucker, I'mma see you
With the Linden, it's the start of your endin'
Settin' it again and again!
You might also like
Yeah, kid, it's Big Time boy, 12th street representin' it
Big shout out to my man Tear Gas, think, Lake, the whole crew, kid
You knowhatI'msayin', cuz-oh?
Richie Fraud known to leave ya scarred
Give a big shoot out to my man Heavy L
Big Palms representin' from the Goodfellas

Yo, it's the P-E Double, push a Lex bubble in the winter
You can't come along, only the hoes can enter
Told her to meet me at six on the hill, at the center
Took her to the west way and bent her right over
Stay intoxicated, never sober
Faced it, violate and get lace'd
Why you wastin' slugs? You ain't buckin' nothin'
You better off buckin' yourself, you need to stop frontin'
I used to drive an Ac' and kept a MAC in the engine
Littles painted in black with crack sale intentions
To blow up the whole projects
The Infamous — our sons will grow up to be murderers and terrorists
It's the nigga in me, accompanied by the Cognac
You can ask around, don't fuck with the Mobb
I could've told you that, where you been at? You must've cut class
If it ain't me, another member of my crew will kick your ass
(What! What! What!)
We do damage to limbs
In '91, stompin' you out with black Timbs
Prodigy and the H.A.V.O.C. from the Q.B.C
Puttin' cowards where they supposed to be
If I don't know your face, then don't come close to me
I got too much beef for that
Drama in the 3rd degree
And to the kids — you don't wanna be me
I'm up in the mix of action, where niggas wanna kill me
But it's the start of they endin'
My man's lendin' me his Linden
Forty-two shots dependin'
On whether or not the clip is full to the top
We bustin' caps non-stop, blazin'
In all the shows, and even at the hoes
(Nah, nah, chill, son)
What?
And it's the start of your endin'
(word up yo, it's the start of niggas endin', youknowhatI'msayin?)
And it's the start of your motherfuckin' endin'
(All y'all weak-ass crews that got drama with mines
You know what I'm sayin'? It's the start of your endin', word up)
And it's the motherfuckin' start of the endin'
(Qe know the fuck you is, you know what will happen)
(Recognize and realize)
41st Side get bent, run wild
41st Side get bent, run wild
The 41st Side get bent, run wild
Word up, you know what I'm sayin'?26Embed