5 ContributorsThug Is a Drug Lyrics
Quick question...
You ever felt like the realest nigga alive?
Felt too pretty or powerful to die? (Tell the truth)
You ever felt ugly enough to cry?
Have you ever begged for mercy? Have you ever wished you died? (Tell the truth)
Have you ever taken pride in the crime?
Been too hungry to back down or hide?
Been low down dirty or super duper high?
Or contemplated murder, robbery, or suicide? (Tell the truth)
Taken medicine for trouble in your mind?
Or taken down a number? For taking up a scheme?
I made her wild beautiful, take her 'til she skeet?
Take her to the penthouse or take her to the skreet? (Tell the truth)
So the waterman he take it to the beat
And I take it to the 'mic so we takin' what we like
Take it to your neck, we gon' take it to the bank
Triple X, Killa K, black, we take it to your face
Like, G...

Bang! Bang! Gangsta
Birth sign is danger
It's like thug is the drug that make 'em fall in love
When love don't love nobody
Bang! Bang! Gangsta
Star sign is danger
It's like thug is the drug, ready rock, steady pump
Man they leanin' and they fiendin' cuz they can't get enough...
You might also like
The DJ play this song in the dance
And every buggy on the block got the tune on blast
The TV is like the radio with visuals too
So shiny, so gutter, mean, moody and cool (Tell the truth)
They might be doing things that you wanna do
You fantasize as they be living it through
The big home with the beautiful view
You have a swim in the pool, and get fresh and take a spin in the coupe (Tell the truth)
You probably want to feel the world in your palm
While hold a gun in your hand and make 'em know you a star (Tell the truth)
And there's dudrs who probably already are
They well known in they zone or they town or they block (Tell the truth)
Then there's the rest who are usually not
And the heavy dose of thug feel like all that they got
So they ready to rock...Brahp
Ha, ha, heh

Bang! Bang! Gangsta
Birth sign is danger
It's like thug is the drug that make 'em fall in love
When love don't love nobody
Gunshots & Screaming Gangsta
Star sign is danger
It's like thug is the drug, ready rock, steady pump
Man they leanin' and they fiendin' cuz they can't get enough
{*beat rides out*}Embed