75 ContributorsQ.U.—Hectic Lyrics
Fuck it kid, whattup Queens in this motherfucker
(Tell you I'm bangin tonight kid)
(Yo Shorty got a FATTIE right there)
Queensbridge in the house, aiyyo wordup
Aiyyo Ty yo Ty c'mere Son
(Whattup Boo? Can I buy you a drink or something Boo?)
Whattup whattup?
Where Twins and them at yo?
(The fattie's bangin!)
I don't know (damn!)
I think Twins laid up
Aiyyo Son gimme two Hennessee
Son I want two Henessee's yo!
Straight yo, word up man!
*chaos*
Aiyyo what up with them Queens niggas man!
Hey, fuck you!
What? What the fuck, what?
Think they killers or somethin', man
Ay, fuck you money, whattup kid?
*more chaos*

I open my eyes to the streets where I was raised as a man
And learned to use my hands for protection in scuffles
Throwin' my blows in doubles
I'm comin' from Queens, motherfucker, carryin' guns in couples
And wildin', a Q-U soldier
From Lefrak to Rockaway, back to Queensbridge, black
It's only crack sales makin' niggas act like that
Back in the days we would scrap, now you lay on your back
As things changed with time, I traded in my knuckles for a Mac-10
And rather live the life of crime
With my Bed-Stuy connection connectin' in two
It's liable to start shit too wild for you
Peace to, Baisley, Forty-P get down
And when you outta town, represent your ground
Them niggas bleed just like us, so show 'em where we come from
Queens; leavin' niggas done, son
You might also like
The Mobb gets hectic
Shit is for real up in Queens we get hectic
Shit is for real we abouts to get hectic
Shit is for real we abouts to get hectic
Shit is for real we abouts to get hectic

As we sling on the corners like we always do
Son, get that loot quick, spendin' dough like I never had shit
I'm livin' large, pushin' luxury cars
Though that shit is outta reach, anybody in my way gets scarred
Permanently bed-ridden
And if you're pussy, then motherfucker, get in where you fit in
As I walk around the streets
Son, I got mad beef, I'mma blast you before you blast me
That's my philosophy 'cause nowadays you gotta be relentless
Grab my MAC and slap a nigga senseless
Don't try to play me, if you do, you better D.O.A. me
Son, I got 'em shook, grab a little baby for shields
You got drama, run for shelter for real
Pour some beer for the ill, ain't no time to chill
Hit 'em up, 'cause I'm quick to erupt like dicks
Wet 'em up with the MAC, scratch 'em off my list
Show 'em the real meanin' of drama, you never had it
'Til you bumped heads with the Havoc
Ain't nuttin' soft or sweet, I lift you off your feet
When I cock back the heat, whole crews retreat
Ain't nothing soft or sweet, I lift you off your feet
When I cock back the heat, whole crews retreat
We gets hectic
Shit is for real, we abouts to get hectic
Shit is for real, we abouts to get hectic

Everything is real inside my mind
These days, you can't make it if you ain't affiliated with crime
A lifetime of street livin'
Throughout the beef I've accumulated
Many slugs have been given
But wildin' ain't the way to be livin'
You're only gonna end up bloody on the floor shiverin'
Or locked up, caught inside the beast
Meanwhile, on the streets, ain't no more peace
My man, Stobo, kid, hold your own
In a cell locked down, not far from home
And at the same time on the outside, I'm representin'
Still packin' heat, make you cowards keep steppin'
Gettin' high, it's 'cause of the lye, I can't lie
I could move the crowd poppin' slugs in the sky
Why come around if you afraid of what's over here?
My man Havoc put the bug in my ear
On the real, for real, but wait, it gets realer
Real like an innocent child that turned killer
It's things like that that only makes things iller
Makin' cream, doin' sticks if you ain't a drug dealer
(It's) only facts coming out of my mouth piece
As far as I can see, these streets is gettin' sour
Q-U, too much drama to get into
And niggas regret when they begin to
Regardless of your name or what you been through
Pause for a second, open your eyes and think, duke
Life ain't the game that it seems to be
Fuck a fantasy, I'm livin' in reality
Caught up in this untouchable mentality
Hit you up bad, make you loose a few calories
I need to slow down, movin' through life at a high speed
Watchin' all the slow runners pass by me
I can see through you, due to, my Queens education
Speakin' on behalf of this drug-game nation
The Foundation
Queens nation
Up in Queens, shit is for real, we abouts to get hectic
Word up
Shaolin, shit is for real, we abouts to get hectic
Word up, kid
The B.K., the shit is for real, we abouts to get hectic
KnowhatI'msayin? (No doubt!)
And Manhattan, shit is for real, we abouts to get hectic
Up in the Bronx, we abouts to get hectic
Word up, knowhatI'msayin? The whole world, kid
Shit is over with, Mobb Deep say party UHH
KnowhatI'msayin? Party UHH14Embed