13 ContributorsZimzallabim Lyrics
Yeah
Give it to 'em
Yes, yes, yes, yes, aha ah!
Ghetto people.. this one's for you
And you and you and you
And you and you in the front
Yo!
Jack Johnson (Aha) alive and stompin'
Undisputed heavyweight champ (Aha) of the world

Yo I'm live with it, low, middle, to high with it
And that's how I'mma live and die with it
All up and down your spine with it, Like Zimzallabim
Jack Johnson, yes my dog, wild with them!
The most special, most ghetto, most mental, most valuable
Rep my avenue like it's the damn state capital
Come and travel through minds, a better mark of greatness
On slaves who high jacked the slave ships
The hackers who could crack the matrix, and build the road back to basics
And get y'all all off that strange shit
You know these other cats run game with, it's tainted
Consider this the moment that changed it: NOW!
Jack John stand strong never bow down
Back off or get clapped dog right about POW
From east to the west, up north to down south
We show you how to REALLY make a moshpit bounce
Show you how to really make the ghetto wild out
First letters that I wrote when I sketch the script down
I'm live wit' it, low, middle, to high with it
And that's how I'mma live and die with it, I shine with it
Rhyme with it, revered and recognized with it
The ghetto know what time is it, when I spit it
Me 9-semi, an iron lion strike with it
See Dr. Know string a knot and make 'em ride with it
You might also like X2
And look alive
Ghetto rock with me
Look alive
Ghetto rock with me
Aha yeah
Throw it up
Ghetto rock with me
Show it up
Ghetto rock with me

Born to rock, serve my portion hot
Rock the booze water on any bully on your block
My flow tighter than a big titty halter top
Doper than a floyd flake that they bought they pops
Since I bright a con duke of course I'm not
My sharp mind join the dots and boil they pots
A lot of cats talk noise a lot, but then the noise is stopped
When the heavy sound voice in charge
And this is no limp bizkit this is jack's fat cock
Loaded up slide it back, ghetto black rock
Brooklyn got the bumrush that you can't stop
These the hungry hands that gon snatch your cash box
I never gave a second thought to fucking with y'all
Cuz my first thought covered it all: YOU WHACK!!!
And I don't care what you sound since not mumblin y'all
Cause you can't do me nothing at all
Which means, you can't shine my shoes, wash my drawers
Clean my car, walk my dog, mow my lawn
In other words duke, I don't need SHIT from them
All I got is hard rhymes and hot spit for them
And yeah, I got the country mule (raaatttttt) for them
See how dark it can get for them? Tell they mommas that's it for them
Get the flower vase sent for them
A sad story how it went for them
That's what you get for not listenin' FIRE!!
And a long verse of kumbayah, You stand strong you can't move higher
You move in "how we all can move higher?"
Ready to roll like new tire
Well I can show you who the true lion
True power move quiet, through the understandin' of the science
We live with it, low, middle to high with it
And that's how we gon' live and die with it, now ride with it!
Yeah, ghetto rock with me
Ghetto rock with me
Ghetto rock with me
Ghetto rock!! Ghetto... MOTHERFUCKERS!
Freaky radio!Embed