15 ContributorsFake Bonanza Lyrics
This is a revolutionary sureshot

Hip hop, modern time, flossy and raw so self-absorbed, immature
I can't remember being this bored
Fake bonanzas become come real wars
Bullets burn through the candy on the driver side door
Long investigations and no firm lead
Billion dollar flow, and black life is still cheap
Your rent skyrockets and job prospects plummet
Ten murders, ten days, this summer
Talk about today's mathematics
A eighth, a O, a key of the calibre on your ratchet
The inmate number, the centerfold’s measurements
Is close as a cold cell come to some tenderness
I heard them say it was all about the Benjamins
I don't believe it now, didn't believe it then
Fuck whatchu heard, you believe whatchu want
The truth is what it is, it be what it been
Get rich, shorty just tryna live
Don't believe in heaven and ain't tryna get in
And hell is everyday, fuck the world anyway
Potion and sips, spark up a clip, fade away!

The low lights, tree top heights
Be careful how you move the traps are covered in the lights
Landmines be disguised as welcome signs
I'll repeat it so you ain't got to press rewind
The landmines be disguised as welcome signs
Black fresh from Iraq, a wild look in his eyes
Missing part of his arm, what the fuck is your problem?
Ohh lord! Fake Bonanza!
You might also like
Gladiator, circus world
Glamour, pussy, pimp, whole good and service world
Paranoid, itchy-trigger-nigga nervous world
Shaytanic natural order in reversal world
The ipod, no God, zero circle world
The blow-a turtle world, smoke from the purple world
The killer murder world, hamburger murder world
Open twenty-four hours, all about them dollars
Pretty poison in pork sausage
Cold coffee and more coffins
Fake bonanza, fake bonanza
Huh? What? I don't understand ya!
What they talking bout save they soul, ohh lord, save they soul!
Help them reach the goal, peace!
You know, peace (boogieman!)
Don't be scared
Ohh lord, save they soul
Ohh lord, save they soul
Ohh lord, save my soul!
Ohh lord, save my soul! Please
Mash'allah, kna mean
Boogieman!

Woke up this morning with my, my state on freedom and said I
Had the baddest feeling, maybe you stayed on my mind, said I
Woke up this morning with my, my state on freedom and said I
Had the baddest feeling, maybe you stayed on my mind, said I
Woke up this morning in my, my state, I'm dreaming
Ain't nothing even
Dreaming, praying, keeping
Woke up this morning and my mind stayed on freedom
Woke up this demon that keep staying on my mind
Said, woke up this morning and my mind stayed on freedom
It makes no difference what people say, ahhhhhhEmbed