24 ContributorsClose Edge Lyrics
Pull up to your spot on low
Shine brighter than all of the cats that got on glow
Lay in the cut like they not gon' know
'Cause if I gotta make a move, dawg, they not gon' know
This door marked private, this is not fo' show
Is Mos Def what you call real? Fo' sho'!
Is they what you call gangster? Hell no!
They get a little pinch and go snitch to the po'
They all talk fast and they all think slow
I'm Most Definite, not 'think so'!
Flood your city with the black ink flow
And my crew ain't scared to let them thangs go
So, stop with the nonsense like he conscious
I'm just awake, dawg, I'm doin' great, dawg
I don't play games, I don't playa hate y'all
Get it straight, or get the fuck up out my face, dawg!
I'm like the second plane that made the tower's face off
That shit that let you know it's really not a game, dawg
Your grind and my grind ain't the same, dawg
I'm the catalogue, you the same song
So cool and old school like eight-four
The one your little mami windin' up her waist for
The name the real niggas got they hand raised for
Me and Mini got your block yellow taped off
So skate off!
You might also like
(Don't push me, 'cause I'm close...)
To the streets, to the beats
The bitches, the niggas, the women, the children
The workers, the killers, the addicts, the dealers
The quiet, the livest, the realest
And that's close!
(Don't push me, 'cause I'm close...)
To the edge, back, middle and front
Strong back shit, liftin' it up
From the big and the small
I'm like J. Brown gettin' involved

And when I'm lettin' off a round, don't get in the cross
Have your preacher man speakin' low, gettin' his cross
Tell a wild cowboy not to get off they horse
Before they find out the town law is strictly enforced
It's a real bad way to get your name in The Source
Testin the limits of a dangerous force
You ended up dumb, famous and gone
Your people shoutin' out your name in they song
Pourin' liquor on the day you was born
Buyin' paint to put your face on a wall
C'mon, fall back! There's no need for all that, it's all good
We all here, goin' all out
All live, all day, listen when the song say
(Don't push me, 'cause I'm close...)
To the streets, to the beats
The bitches, the niggas, the women, the children
The workers, the killers, the addicts, the dealers
The quiet, the livest, the realest
And that's close!
(Don't push me, 'cause I'm close...)
To the edge, back, middle and front
Strong back shit, liftin' it up
From the big and the small
I'm like J. Brown gettin' involved
Now get yours!

Bang-a-bang-a, bang-diggy
Bang-a-bang-a, bang-diggy3Embed