33 ContributorsThe Learning (Burn) Lyrics
Yo, it be a buck-fifty, your chance of runnin' is ifitty
Slugs that leave niggas drugged like a chick slipped the Mickey
I'm so on the low, it'd take a Navy Seal to get me
When I surface, if not chips, the vengeance the purpose
On your team I'll pull the curtain, a beautiful hurtin'
'Til my eyes see the blood, that mean the creep start workin'
Niggas never learnin', let they eyes keep lurkin'
Have ya janitor pumpin' your X5 murkin'
Skid marks the street, heart skips a beat
Beef? Nigga, overcook that meat!
Get no sleep, only rest is in between the blink
My life story was written in blood, permanent ink
Killer instinct, R.I.P. 'em
Gotta think like that 'cause forever I be needin' 'em
Plan flawless, mistakes never repeatin' 'em
Some love me, some hate me, bitches in the head beatin' 'em
Niggas wanna ride by the crib all slow
We clap, motherfucker! Want a real rap show?
Fiends are rushin' when the MAC blow, dead in my castle
And in the blink, watch how quick life pass you

What's wrong with motherfuckers? When will they ever learn?
Keep playin' with that fire, and that ass is gettin' burned
Fuckin' with semi-auto's, one foot is in the grave
We givin' all of y'all somethin' to be afraid of
You might also like
Let me tell you how it's goin' down! It's on now!
Niggas used to love me, now they wanna hate me now
I'm that same nigga with the TEC, holdin' the spot down
Except, I'm pushin' a Lex, lettin' the top down
But wait! You don't think I live a pop life now?
'Cause hey! You could get popped right now
Me don't play, I keep a gun around my way
'Cause I'm a fuckin' drama king like my nigga Kay Slay
Sex, drugs, money and murder all day
It's rules, guidelines and codes we obey
Don't even trip, IMD the set I claim
Infamous Mobb Deep, nigga, ready to bang
Nigga don't think shit stink? The shit hit the fans
So I don't slip, I'mma shit with my gun in my hand
It's a thug thing, y'all niggas wouldn't understand and
Y'all keep guns we keep our shit bangin'

What's wrong with motherfuckers? When will they ever learn?
Keep playin' with that fire, and that ass is gettin' burned
Fuckin' with semi-auto's, one foot is in the grave
We givin' all of y'all somethin' to be afraid of

You a bitch-ass nigga, I'll have you killed
All they had was your picture at the funeral
No caskets, you bastards be missin'
My jewels, my whip, my rims we bitchin'
My guns be the heat that'll make you blister
My mens, my Timbs'll stomp you niggas
No shit, no clip, don't fuck with us
It's no problem, I bring it to the best of them
From the old to the new and the rest of them
No love, just slugs for ya body, dunn!
Just pain, just sufferin' and worst than that
You let me get my hands on you so I'm takin' advantage
And that shit that you pulled ain't do me no damage
You don't know me, nigga, but we 'bout to change that shit!!
Wrap that nigga up like a package
Fuck all them niggas; buck all them faggots!
What's wrong with motherfuckers? When will they ever learn?
Keep playin' with that fire, and that ass is gettin' burned
Fuckin' with semi-auto's, one foot is in the grave
We givin' all of y'all somethin' to be afraid of

Yeah, QB! (Yeah!)
Mobb Deep! Dola
It's goin' down, we're takin' over
Vita, gettin' this dough
We don't call it Murda for nothin' (Murda! Murda, Murda!)
I'll send you on, Prodigy, Big Noyd, Havoc
Yeah, y'all see us, it ain't a game
Yeah.. oh.. come on.. ah-ha.. yeah.. you see us10Embed