32 ContributorsLose Control Lyrics
Music make you lose control, music make you lose control
Let's go! Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey
Here we go now, here we go now, here we go now, here we go now
(Music make you lose control)
Misdemeanor's in the house, yeah
Ciara's in the house
Misdemeanor's in the house
Fatman Scoop-man Scoop-man Scoop

I got a cute face, chubby waist (Mhm)
Thick legs, in shape (Let's go, c'mon)
Rump shakin', both ways (C'mon now)
Make you do a double take (Now let's go y'all, woo)
Planet rocker, show stopper
Flow proper, head knocker (Yeah)
Beat scholar, tail dropper
Do my thang, motherfuckers (Now let's go)
My Rolls Royce, Lamborghini (Ha, ha, ha, ha)
Blue Madina, always beamin' (Ha, ha, ha, ha)
Rag top, chrome pipes (Bring it back now)
Blue lights, outta sight (Now bring it back)
(Long weave) sewed in (Work it out)
(Say it again) sewed in (Work it out)
Make that money, throw it in (Woo!)
Booty bouncin', go'n 'head (Hands up!)
You might also like
Everybody here, get it out of control
Get your backs off the wall, 'cause Misdemeanor said so (Uh-huh)
Everybody (Just throw your hands in the air!) Step, step
Everybody (Just throw your hands in the air! Woo!)
Everybody (Just throw your hands in the air!) Step, step
Everybody (Just throw your hands in the air! Woo!)

Well, my name is Ciara for all you fly fellas
No one can do it better (She'll sing on acapella, oh, c'mon)
Boy, the music makes me lose control (Now bring it back now!)
We gon' make you lose control (One, two, three, let's go!)
And let it go, 'fore you know, you gon' hit the flo' (Yeah, yeah)

I rock to the beat 'til I'm tired
I walk in the club, it's fire
Get it crunk and wired
Wave yo' hands, scream louder
If you smoke, then fire it up (C'mon, put your hands up)
Bring the roof down and holla
If you tipsy, stand up
DJ, turn it louder
Take somebody by the waist and uh!
Now throw it in they face like uh!
Hypnotic, robotic, this here will rock yo' bodies (Woo!)
Take somebody by the waist and uh! (Uh-huh)
Now throw it in they face like uh! (Uh-huh)
Systematic, ecstatic, this hit be automatic!
Work me, work, work (Work that, work that)
Work me, work, work (Work that, work that)
Work me, work, work (Work that, work that)
Work me, do it right
Hit the floor, hit the floor (Yes)
Hit the floor, hit the floor (Work)
Hit the floor, hit the floor
Hit the floor (Woo!)

Everybody here, get it out of control (Woo!)
Get your backs off the wall, 'cause Misdemeanor said so (Uh-huh)
Everybody (Just throw your hands in the air!) Step, step
Everybody (Just throw your hands in the air! Woo!)
Everybody (Just throw your hands in the air!) Step, step
Everybody (Just throw your hands in the air, let's go!)

Everybody here, get it out of control (Mmm)
Get your backs off the wall, 'cause Misdemeanor said so (Ah!)
Everybody (Get your back off the wall, step, step)
Everybody (Get your back off the wall, keep on steppin')
Everybody (Get your back off the wall, step, step)
Everybody (Step), get loose (Get your back off the wall)
Now put your back on the wall, put your back on the wall
Put your back on the wall, put your back on the wall
Misdemeanor's in the house
Yeah, Ciara's in the house
Misdemeanor's in the house
(Music make you lose control)
We on fire, we on fire, we on fire, we on fire
Now throw it, girl, throw it, girl, throw it, girl, yeah
Now move your arms to the left, girl
Now move your arms to the left, girl
Now move your arms to the right, girl
Now move your arms to the right, girl
Let's go now, let's go now, let's go now, woo! Let's go
Should I bring it back right now? Now bring it back down!
Woo! Oh, I see you, Ci
Now see, I'ma, I'ma do it like Ci do it
Now shake it, girl, c'mon and just shake it, girl
C'mon and let it pop right, girl, c'mon and let it pop right, girl
Now, now, back it up, girl, back it up, girl
Back it up, girl, back it up, girl
Woo! Woo! Woo! Yo, yo
Bring it to the front, girl, yo, yo
Bring it to the front, girl, yo, yo
Bring it to the front, girl, yo, yo
Bring it to the front, girl, let's go, let's go
Woo!11Embed