10 ContributorsHold Down the Fort Lyrics
Yeah, we gotta hold down the fort
We gotta hold down the block
We gotta hold down the fort
We gotta hold down the fort, check it
Nineteen-ninety-motherfuckin'-three, right?
What's your new year's resolution, motherfucker?
So check this out (We gotta hold down the block)
Word is bond, kid, uhh, aight (Check it out)

Beef on the block, who is he?
Set it, dunn, me and my automatic likes to get busy
Ghetto representer, there ain't a motherfucker better
While you be catchin' feelings like a love letter
I gotta hold down my fort and won't lose
Niggas die because I got the TEC-9 blues
Bulletproof Polo, I'm goin' out solo
Whoever wanna come better step like they know, 'cause
I'ma survive, more rougher than a certified
Around the way, parlay and get high
My mega blast'll last in days to pass
Niggas shoot too fast to pull out your gun last
That's why I like to spark first and shoot your
Bitch-ass down your next ride'll be a fuckin' hearse
'Cause little niggas don't die, son
Half-step and get that ass lit up like a flare gun
Cops, they want static, whatever, they can have it
My name is Prodigy and I'm known to cause havoc
And when I flip, I be on some ill shit
I walk the street like a real super trooper
The block shit proper, who once got had
Mad beef with the dread who sold me that dirt bag
Mad props to the bad little niggas in the neighborhood
Long live the short, gotta hold down the fort
You might also like
Gotta hold down the fort (Gotta hold down the fort)
We gotta hold down the fort (We gotta hold down the fort)
We gotta hold down the fort (We gotta hold down the fort)
So hold me down, son (Yeah), hold me down (Yeah, yeah)

Yeah, how we go son, pull out the motherfuckin' M1
Straight from the 'Bridge so you know where I'm from
The little project nigga, I gets no bigga
Yo, my crew is buck so motherfuck how you figure
Step the fuck back, nigga, attack with the MAC
'Cause word is bond, it's on
Shit is real around the way, so sit back and take notes
Dead you on your coat, then cut your motherfuckin' throat
Takin' life like a thief in the motherfuckin' night
While I write-write, you bite-bite-bite
Niggas wanna step to my business
But I just parlay and sip on my Guinness
'Cause I'm the ripper, Mr. Flip the Scripture
Niggas can't fuck with the flow of a real little nigga
I wreck shop, in fact, get the MAC, this is real
Shit is real, how the fuck you figure? Nigga nil
So, son, hold me down while I pull out the Glock
Gotta hold down the block, that's word to my pops
So once again it's on, light up the charm
Time to drop the bomb, word is bond
We gotta hold down the block (Hold down the block)
We gotta hold down the block (We gotta hold down the block)

Yo, son, he pumpin' over here, son?
I know he ain't pumpin' over here, yo
Yo, word is bond, yo son, peep, he comin' over, let's bring it to him
What? What? What? What? What? What?
Who the fuck are you?
Man, fuck that, what?
Hold down the block
Yeah, what up now? What? What? What? What?
What up now?
Hold down the block

To all the niggas that's live or real
You gotta hold down your block, cock back the Glock
Fuck the cops 'cause your neighborhood yours
If they beef, make 'em bleed on the project floors
I get my kicks from loadin' up gun clips
Don't fuck with suburb chicks, I need a gangsta bitch
Don't need a crew, I can bust you down solo fast
And after that, dip into the weed stash
I'm quick to blast, enemies won't last the fate
I kill 'em fast so they can't retaliate
'Cause when I'm not alive, who takes my place?
To hold down the fort, we move on
My man got my back
I'm ready to go at anybody who think they John Gotti
Peace to Manny C, good lookin' out, B
I'm Hell-bound, got my block locked down
We gotta pull out the Glock (Gotta pull out the Glock)
We gotta pull out the Glock (We gotta pull out the Glock)
We gotta pull out the Glock (We gotta pull out the Glock)
We gotta pull out the Glock (We gotta pull out the Glock)
We gotta pull out the Glock (We gotta pull out the Glock)
We gotta pull out the Glock (We gotta pull out the Glock)
We gotta pull out the Glock (We gotta pull out the Glock)
We gotta pull out the Glock (We gotta pull out the Glock)

Check it, yeah
So pull it out, nigga1Embed