20 ContributorsWhere Ya Heart At Lyrics
Lets do it, dunn...
I mean, that's why I keep my mouth tight
Ain't got no words for y'all niggas, man...y'all niggas is crazy

Hey yo, it's hell on earth down here the pavement scorching
It's molten rock when the Mobb walks in
Shit gets hot like a ill pot of grits spilled on you
Spit fire with nines but never squealed on you
I understood, you should try to take my life
If I was you I would too, damn right
If I had drama with a nigga like such as myself
I couldn't even sleep at night until I made things right
Pull out guns, exchange a fight
Be the first to let off mines, ignite the pipes...
And never let the daylight decieve
During the sun's hours niggas do bleed
Aim for the waist and something on the top gets shot
Niggas can't shoot, never made a thing drop
Keep cream of the crop
Fresh out of box shit filled to the top
Smell the barrell when it's bolt-locked, nigga

Have you ever lost a loved one?
Or never understood love 'til you lost one?
Where your heart at?
I left mines behind with my dearly departed
Where your heart at?
Strength missing, to take losses is the hardest
The ones that overcome be the calmest
Strive regardless. Where your heart at? Brave-hearted
Now lets find out where niggas hearts' at
You might also like
This is to my physical, you gone, to me you still here
I be buggin' thinking how you doin' up there
Probably watching over me, calling out my fouls
Fuck with mad chicks but I take care of my child
I miss that ass, tell God I said "Pardon me"
If you're real; He'll forgive me 
But I ain't crying no more about how you're gone
Used to hold me down; niggas front, it's on
Ain't sweating going to jail, you better shoot me
Just lost my heart-If I die, you comin' wit' me
Quickly, while I'm pissy
They're just bitches that's a little too frisky, risky
On point, hope these cats is getting the point
Whisper out my name, stare but please don't point
Call me paranoid
But I'm on point, close by the stash joint
Got you in my mind, I guess that's why the say love is blind

Strength missing, we take losses, be the hardest
The ones that overcome be the calmest, strive regardless
Where your heart at? Brave-hearted
You better finish what you started, dunn
If you ever lost a loved one
You'll never understand love 'til you lost one
Where your heart at?
I left mine behind with my dearly departed
Where your heart at?
Strength missing, to take losses be the hardest
The ones that overcome be the calmest, strive regardless
Where your heart at? Brave-hearted
Now let's find out where niggas' hearts at
Have you ever lost a loved one?
You'll never understand love 'til you lost one
Where your heart at?
I left mines behind wit' my dearly departed
Now where your heart at?
I find myself dozing off with it 
Waking up every forty minutes 
Soaking wet, dripped to death in it
On top of rules, big barrels and tools get tested
And hittin' off makes my dick get erected
We all strive for a better tomorrow
But as far as today, your ass gots to pay
And ain't no time better than the present one at hand
And never keep your shit too far from your hand

Think about this are you with your hands on who you running with
Some timers, player haters and dick riders
Bent niggas that be crashin' into dividers
Gettin' you into shit, got that ass tied up
Got them la'd up, got you comin' out of your vault
With no plans of giving back, live in serious debt
Your lady fucking other niggas, you a fool for her
Talking 'bout you got money, you just using her
Actually losin' her...3Embed