112 ContributorsShame on a Nigga Lyrics

Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buck wild with the trigger
Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buck—I'll fuck your ass up!

Yo, hut one, hut two, hut three—hut!
Ol' Dirty Bastard, live and uncut
Styles unbreakable, shatterproof
To the young youth, you wanna get gun? Shoot!
Blaow! How you like me now? Don't fuck the style
Ruthless, wild—do you wanna
Get your teeth knocked the fuck out?
Wanna get on it like that? Well, then, shout!

Yo, RZA, yo, razor—hit me with the major
The damage, my clan understand it, be flavor
Gunnin', hummin', comin' at ya
First I'm gonna get ya, once I got ya, I gat ya
You could never capture the Method Man's stature
For rhyme and for rapture, got niggas resignin', now master
My style? Never!
I put the fuckin' buck in the wild, kid, I'm terror, razor-sharp
I sever, the head from the shoulders, I'm better than my compet'ta
You mean competitor, whatever, let's get together
You might also like
Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buck wild with the tri—blaow!

I react so thick, I'm phat, and yo
Rae came blowin' and blew off your headphones, black
Rap from, yo, Cali to Texas
Smoother than a Lexus, now's my turn to wreck this
Brothers approach and half step
But ain't heard half of it yet and I bet you're not a fuckin' vet
So, when you see me on the real
Formin' like Voltron, remember I got deep like a Navy Seal

Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buck wild with the trigger
Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
I'll fuck your ass up!

Yo!
I come with that ol' loco style from my vocal
Couldn't peep it with a pair of bifocals
I'm no joker, play me as a joker
Be on you like a house on fire—smoke ya
Crews be actin' like they gangs, anyway
Be like, "Warriors, come out and play!"
Burn me, I get into shit, I let it out like diarrhea
Got burnt once—but that was only gonorrhea
Dirty, I keep shit stains in my drawers
So I can get fizzy-funky for ya
Murder, taste the flame of the Wu-Tang
Rah! Here comes the Tiger vs. Crane
I'll be like wild with my style
Punk—you play me, chump, you get jumped
Wu! is comin' through at a theater near you
And get funk like a shoe
What?
56Embed