57 ContributorsParty Over Lyrics
Whatever, party's over, tell the rest of the crew
Yo, P! It's on you, what you wanna do?
Whatever, party's over, tell the rest of the crew
Yo, P! It's on you, what you wanna do?
Whatever, party's over, tell the rest of the crew
Yo, P! It's on you, what you wanna do?
Whatever, party's over, tell the rest of the crew

Every day of my life, since 11-2-74
On the street, makin' non-stop C.R.E.A.M. galore
Packin' heat, stickin' up weed stores and more
Collectin' interest off of extortions to settle my score
It gets deeper, when things get real
I'm down to stick a NatWest Bank for my meal
And I'm from Hempstead, it's close to the shacks of Park Side
While I be outside slingin', you always hide
And don't come around to the crossroads of life
Where to the death of you and me, there's beef for eternity
I'm goin' out to the fullest extent
So far into my troubles, it's hard for me to get back
To my everyday self and composure
Catch you when you open, then I bring you to a closure
Put ice on a razor, and freeze you in ya shoulder
I went for ya grill, but you dipped from my boulder
I know this kid who says he knows ya
Because of that, now I know where you lay your head at, and that's that!
Say no more, I put it on you while you was yawnin'
Murder without warnin' the very next mornin'
You might also like
Once we step through the door, party over, that's the endin'!
You and your crew'll leave out a bunch of dead men!
Bump me and I'll bump you back
You ain't tough, black, niggas like you just get they life jacked!
But I'm a cool nigga 'til you push me to the limit
But try to play me and ya ass, I get up all in it
Don't try to cop pleas now, son, it's dead and done
(I gave you fair warnin') So run and get your guns!
It's on! Time to show 'em how I perform
My attitude will transform, leave you dead plus wrong
Gettin' the flow of things, representin' for Queens
Shit is real while you hopin' that it's all a dream
But you can't wake up, one in the chest, you blessed
Chokin' off your own blood
Don't blame me, you brought your own death

A-yo, Noyd! It's on you, what you wanna do?
Whatever, party's over, tell the rest of the crew
Yo, Big Noyd! It's on you, what you wanna do?
Whatever, party's over, tell the rest of the crew
Yo, Big Noyd! It's on you, what you wanna do?
Whatever, party's over, tell the rest of the crew
Yo, Big Noyd! It's on you, what you wanna do?
Whatever, party's over, tell the rest of the crew
My beeper kept beepin', the other numbers started leakin'
"Who is this?" on my mind I was thinkin'
Then I realized it was my dunn playin' 9-1-1
Once I seen the numbers, I ran for the fuckin' guns
My dunn in trouble, I be there on the double
I jumped up in the bubble, "Yo, kid, where are you?!"
("114 — between Manhattan and Morningside Avenue")
"This happened just right out the blue?
A-yo, dunn, fuck that bitch! Tell her get off your dick!"
("But she's cryin' and she says she has feelings and shit")
Yo, it's a set-up! Them niggas got me fed up
"Ty, stay in the building
If they move — fuck 'em! Buck 'em! Get up!
Off the scene, you know what I mean?
And hold yourself down with the motherfuckin' 16-Glock
And get off they block"
Then I hung up the cellular, ready to rock!
And it's on!

Yo, you get deaded in the streets, kid, set it
You gots no credit, fool, you get wetted
Up with the semi-auto MAC double numbered
"Did he shoot eleven or twelve?" is what he wondered
Nigga, I got one more shot, you must be drinkin'
Put the heater to his head, watch him start blinkin'
"Am I goin' to heaven or hell?" is what he's thinkin'
Switch to a bitch as his life start sinkin'
Down to a level of no return
Call it the heat 'cause when the slugs hit, it definitely burns
Now chill, and think about your life for real
Every member of my crew is livin' life for real
Got yourself fucked into somethin' that you couldn't finish
Up against the fulliest squad and get diminished
I'm from Q-U-E-another-E-N-S
So while you small tough talk, I'm not impressed
If I seen you in the 'Bridge, I'd make you undress
Give up the money, the Polo, especially the Guess!
Big Noyd — (Party's over, tell the rest of the crew)
Havoc — (Party's over, tell the rest of the crew)
Black Ice — (Party's over, tell the rest of the crew)
Queensbridge — (Party's over, tell the rest of the crew)
The Big Twins — (Party's over, tell the rest of the crew)
Ty — (Party's over, tell the rest of the crew)
Yo, Black — (It's over, tell the rest of the crew)
My man Killa — (Party's over, tell the rest of the crew)
Germ — (It's over, tell the rest of the crew)
Karate Joe — (It's over, tell the rest of the crew)
Ron Gotti — (It's over, tell the rest of the crew)
Ki-Capone — (Party's over, tell the rest of the crew)
Rasheim — (Party's over, tell the rest of the crew)
Stobo — (It's over, tell the rest of the crew)
Tena — (Party's over, tell the rest of the crew)
Skins — (It's over, tell the rest of the crew)
And the whole fuckin' projects!
(It's over, tell the rest of the crew)
(It's over, tell the rest of the crew)
(It's over, tell the rest of the crew)
(Party's over, tell the rest of the crew)
(Party's over, tell the rest of the crew)
(The motherfuckin' party's over, tell the rest of the crew)
Get that nappy up!
Yo, get that nappy up!
Son, get that nappy up!
Queens, get that nappy up!
Yo, get that nappy up!12Embed