30 ContributorsBack in the Day Lyrics
Brothers and sisters!
Brothers and sisters, I don't know what this world is coming to!
What's up, Missy? Timbo!
This is another Missy Elliott (Hip-Hop, yes!) exclusive (Yes, uh)

One for the butters, I came from the gutter (No)
No, I came from my mother, but you know what I mean
Hov is here to stay like permanent crease in your jeans
Me and Missy be the new Tag Team
Whoomp, there it is
We like Rae and Ghost, A.G. and Showbiz
We public enemy number one, our Uzi weighs a ton
This is our house, run, hahaha

What happened to those good old days? (Huh?)
When hip-hop was so much fun (So much fun)
Oh, house parties in the summer, y'all (C'mon)
And no one (Come on), came through with a gun (A gun)
It was all about good music, y'all (Music)
It helped, mm, to relieve some stress (Uh-huh)
Oh, we was under one groove, y'all (Y'all)
So much love between north and west (Woo, c'mon)
You might also like
Go back in the day (Come on)
British Knights and gold chains (Come on)
Do the prep and cabbage patch (Come on)
And wear your laces all fat
Back in the day (Day), hey, hey, hey
Hip-hop has changed (Yes, it did)

Remember when we used to battle? (Uh-huh)
On the block before the lights came on (Yeah)
Oh, mama said we would be straight-A kids (Come on)
If we did our homework like we knew those songs (Knew those songs)
Salt-N-Pepa, Rakim, and P.E.  (Uh-huh)
DMC and Heavy D (Huh, huh, huh)
Yes, Daddy Kane, Slick Rick, too (Ooh-ooh)
MC Lyte opened doors for you and me, c'mon

Go back in the day (Come on)
British Knights and gold chains (Come on)
Do the prep and cabbage patch (Come on)
And wear your laces all fat
Back in the day (Day), hey, hey, hey (Young!)
Hip-hop has changed (J. Breezy, let's do it again, nigga)
Rough, the way it oughta be
From day KRS-One all the way up to 19 Naughty III
To M.O.P., we cold as ice
Nigga, we rock it from the "Dre Day" to the Suge Knight
So fuck Chuck Phillips and Bill O'Reilly
If they try to stop hip-hop, we all gon' rally, nigga
Post Biggie and Pac I gotta hold down the city
Make a nigga wanna holla like Missy, but fuck it
Just let a nigga MC
The best rapper alive, unquestionably
If you riff on your EP, you gonna need an MD
So you gots to chill, 'cause I kill at will
Like solid water dude, y'all niggas don't get it
Kill at Will, solid water? Ice Cube
Haha, that's how hip-hop has evolved
JAY-Z's for President, I'm namin' Ra as the National God

Me and Jigga, Jigga J-J-Jay-Hova
I rocks the mic right whether I'm pissy drunk or sober
Misdemeanor four-finger-ringer, I'm stupid fresh
I've been hot since LL rocked the Kangol hat
Yes-yes, the yes-yes, the yes-y'all and (C'mon)
Aw, yeah, aw, yeah
Okay, me, that nigga Jigga, fresh dressed in the mornin' (C'mon)
Aw, yeah, aw, yeah
Go back in the day (Come on)
British Knights and gold chains (Come on)
Do the prep and cabbage patch (Come on)
And wear your laces all fat
Back in the day (Day), hey, hey, hey
Hip-hop has changed

I wanna go back in
Time (Let's go), feels like I
I wanna go back in
Time, feels like I (Y'all remember "Self Destruction"?)
I wanna go back in (Where all the rap artists got on a record together?)
Time, feels like I
I wanna (I used to love them days) go back in (No tension)
Time (Let's go), feels like I—

Go back in the day (Come on)
British Knights and gold chains (Come on)
Do the prep and cabbage patch (Come on)
And wear your laces all fat
Back in the day (In the day), hey, hey, hey
Hip-hop has changed (Yes, it did)1Embed