40 ContributorsThe World Is Yours (Tip Mix) Lyrics
(Whose world is this?)
La, la la la
(Whose world is this?)

I sip the Dom P, watchin' Gandhi 'til I'm charged
Writin' in my book of rhymes, all the words past the margin
To hold the mic I'm throbbin', mechanical movement
Understandable smooth shit that murderers move with
The thief's theme — play me at night, they won't act right
A fiend of hip-hop, it's got me stuck like a crack pipe
The mind activation
React like I'm facin' time like 'Pappy' Mason
With pens I'm embracin'
Wipe the sweat off my dome, spit the phlegm on the streets
And the Nikes on my feet keep my cipher complete
Whether cruisin' in a Sikh's cab, or Montero Jeep, I can't call it
Beats make me fallin' asleep, I keep fallin'
But never fallin' six feet deep
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Take money)
I'm out for dead fuckin' presidents to represent me

(Whose world is this?)
The world is yours
Disciple of the projects slash verbal murderer
(Whose world is this?)
Yeah, the world is yours
To the Phillie blunt heads, crack-pumpin' drug murderers
(Whose world is this?)
The world is yours
To my niggas comin' home from lockdown with new plans
(Whose world is this?)
Fuck it, the world is mine
Holdin' a stolen cop's Glock with G-notes in my hand
(Whose world is this?)
You might also like
To my man Ill Will — God bless your life
To my peoples throughout Queens — God bless your life
My insight enlights vision, words of wisdom
Niggas pay me intuition to listen to murder paragraphs of mysticism
Man plants seeds that brings forth multiple breeds
So many cultures on one planet, but one culture's free
Son, I need weed to proceed, change the flow speed
I'm gettin' vexed, Giuliani is 6-6-6
There's no days for broke days, sellin' smoke pays
I toke the chocolate potent Phillies, never roach-sprayed
Shit is a hassle, the 'Bridge is like a haunted castle
The mic's my religion, the system is the Devil's lasso
A-yo, the trife life is the most influential
Though colors on men's skins in pens is coincidental
How you livin'? Large or broker?
You're wastin' time extortin' papers from smokers
Catchin' court papers, gettin' broker

The world is mine
Persona of late Tony Montana, yeah, gettin' mine!
(Whose world is this?)
The whole world is mine
Who want it? I never front it, I'm forever blunted, hittin' lye
(Whose world is this?)
Henny up with the lye (La la la)
Never stop, we don't stop (La la la)
The Hennylo, puff the lye, y'all (La la la la)
Don't stop the Hennylo (La la la)
We puff the lye (La la la)
Everyday, puff the lye, plus the Hennylo (La la la la)
I'm the young city bandit, hold myself down single-handed
For murder raps, I kick my thoughts alone, get remanded
Born alone, die alone, no crew to keep my crown or throne
I'm deep by sound alone
Caved inside a thousand miles from home
I need a new nigga for this black cloud to follow
'Cause while it's over me, it's too dark to see tomorrow
Tryin' to maintain — flip, fill the clip to the tip
Picturin' my peeps not eatin' could make my heartbeat skip
And I'm amped up, they locked the champ up
Even my brain's in handcuffs
Headed for Indiana, stabbin' bitches like the Phantom
The crew is lampin' Ill Will style
Check the gold-toothed smile, plus I profile wild
Stash loot in fly clothes, burnin' dollars to light my stoge
Walk the blocks with a bop
Checkin' dames, plus the games people play
I check the dames, plus the games people play
Bust the problems of the world today

(Whose world is this?)
(Whose world is this?)
(Whose world is this?)
(Whose world is this?)
(Whose world is this?)
(La la la, la la la, la la la la la)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, Wizard, keep that lye in the air
Yo, I wanna give a shout-out to the whole fuckin' Queens
My man Tipster on the boards, keepin' it real, Lord
The Queensbridge nation get it on
Fakin' no fuckin' jax
Fuck around and get your wig pushed back
A big shout-out to my man Killa!
Ron Du, it's on you
L.E.S. on another murder quest
'94, we out
Keep the lye in the air, Hennessy everywhere
Keep the la la goin'...5Embed