89 ContributorsThe Set Up Lyrics

Uhh (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Q.B. since 1933 (No doubt)
To '96 ('96, motherfucker)
Check this shit
('96, Escobar 600)
Check this shit!

My mind set, son got wet, I'm vexed really
They snatched off his Rolex, smacked his bitch silly
Why niggas actin' illy? Word to Will, he 'bout to feel it
I feel it, he should've been dealt wit' it
Them niggas sour, they put too much flour in they coke
And got the nerve to wonder why they broke
While we was gleamin', niggas was schemin'
Seen the ill Bimmers beamin'
Triple-beam and doublin' C.R.E.A.M. had 'em fiendin'
To get they fingers on a dose-ah, I called Sosa
"Sosa, these niggas hit the God, bring the toaster
Meet me in the 'Bridge, I'm 'bout to go loca"
Left my rat beggin' me to stay and stroke her
He came through wit' two fly bitches (Uh) Venus and Vicious
Wit' two MAC's inside the Volvo, what up, God? I'm still sober
I need some Henn' to bend me over
My nigga Hav' got a soldier
It's gettin' down, it's goin' down, kid (I got this, I got this)
I heard he might not live, I'm holdin' back tears
Told these broads to put it in gear
Wit' two females that don't smile, diggin' they style
Yo, what up, son? These niggas done started somethin' wild (What up)
You know the clique well, Ramel with the gold in his grill
Tried to get a name holdin' the steel, I paid attention to the females
Maintained bitches when it get real
Sos' pulled me close and told me the deal
He said both hoes'll peel
Spray shots and reload and still handle the wheel
Point 'em out, smoke a Phill' and chill
I laid back — Escobar status, knowin' The Firm got it cornered
We on it, shit we was born wit'
You might also like
Spark the lye, Q.B.C. yo, it's do or die
In this, business of trifeness
I finesse this, Boyardee, we chef shit
Perfect shit, Albert Einstein minds connect wit'
Dangerous sons, step back, let the TEC lift
Lift you up, bless you with a shorty then we set you up!
Spark the lye, Q.B.C. yo, it's do or die
In this, business of trifeness
We finesse this, Boyardee, we chef shit
Perfect shit, Albert Einstein minds connect wit'
Dangerous sons, step back, let the TEC lift
Lift you up, bless you with a shorty then we set you up!

Hold it right there, pull over
That nigga right there inside the Rover
I knew he'd be right here, I told ya
Let's get him now, look at him smile, Ice Bulova
Polo pullover, big links and rockin' boulders
He's stuntin' after he left my man like that
Without a fair chance to fight back, but I'll be right back!
He never seen us, Sos' gave the MAC to Venus and Vicious
Lookin' delicious, handle yo' bidness
And step to him, shake your ass, try to screw him
Do what ya gotta do to get to him
A tight Parasuco wit' young faces
Can turn niggas Buttafuoco of all ages (Yeah)
They was amused by the way they walked, way they talked
Only if they knew these girls had sprayed New York
If they've had to, heard him ask Venus, "Could I have you?"
He jumped out the Jeep, heard her tell him, "Don't grab, boo!"
They started chattin', was only 'bout a minute flat when
They jumped in the back of the Jeep laughin'
We followed 'em pollyin', he thought the hoes were Somalian
Probably when they hit the Holiday Inn
I grabbed the phone and called the Mobb and 'em
We laid low about a hour or so, these bitches movin' too slow
We both holdin', what if them wild hoes started foldin'?
Sosa said, "Say no more", we started rollin'
Before we got in, they must've shot him
Security wildin', there the girls go, hurry up, we out in
The 940 — me, Sosa and two shorties
The punk niggas got murdered in the orgy!
Spark the lye, Q.B.C. yo, it's do or die
In this, business of trifeness
We finesse this, Boyardee, we chef shit
Perfect shit, Albert Einstein minds connect wit'
Dangerous sons, step back, let the TEC lift
Lift you up, bless you with a shorty then we set you up

Q.B.C., Queensbridge, motherfucker
Ropin' niggas up, 'cause our clique is thick
Another day, another dollar
More money, more murder
Fuck this shit, Q.B. up in the house8Embed