7 ContributorsNegative Ego Lyrics
Ok my momma said I'm fuckin' up
My daddy say I'm negative
And my grandma said my head is big
And my doc said I need medicine
And my uncle say I'm selfish
And my auntie say I'm helpless
And my cousin said let's fuck bitches and get money and sell bricks
And my teacher said I'm a failure
And I ain't never gon be shit
Imma live fast and die young when that time comes Imma sleep quick
And my girl told me you're never there and I never cared bout nothing else
You don't love me, you love yourself I told the bitch you something else
You, you something else, something else unusual
And I'm sorry girl you're beautiful and I'm not the man you used to know I'm
So different now, real different now, just hear me out
I just wanna get rich and die tryin'. If not, then I die hoping
I'm waking up with my eyes closed, go to sleep with my eyes open
Four friends in my Tahoe realizing I'm not focused
I place hands on that Bible and promised God that I stop smoking
The yacht open, my block holdin' them shots open them too
There's three sides of a story inside my side of the truth
You can see it in my eyes I guess time flies when it's you
Niggas need me in they top 5 and that's top 5 of my crew
So fuck a paystub and that work life
9 to 5 that's your life
Take it slow, I heard fast relationships don't work right
I'm Joyner Lucas you heard right
Most niggas gon hear wrong and it's funny cause they cheer on and they probably won't be here long, nah
That's far as I need to get
Cops talking they need the tip
I don't know I plead the fifth
I need to sip Henny shots, every smoke get high to def
I'm tripping on my ego, well this the negative side effects, so
You might also like
Now everybody wave your motherfucking hands, huh?
You living in hell, living in fear, huh?
We living in jail, living in pent, huh?
The Devil himself, tryna get in, huh?
We living in hell, living in fear, huh?

Ok my momma said I'm fuckin' up
My daddy said I'm negative
And my grandma said my head is big
And ain't that some shit

Shit, I never had no enemies, remember me?
Young nigga, that pretty boy with a new name
Tattoos and 2 chains like Tity Boi no loose change
Dogs walking on two legs
Weird niggas, I'm here, listen my ambition like Cool J
So don't call it no comeback
Feeling like Big Pun back
You ain't shooting, you pussy niggas, so bitch give me my gun back
Scared of noise like, "What's that?"
I'm a Bad Boy where Puff at?
And everything you say you did I pretty much don done that (Whoo!)
At high school I was tripping hard
Skipping class, up in the hall
Stealing clothes all in the mall, and fighting niggas, I did it all
Selling crack in rental cars
My heart told me you sinning hard
I went to church the pastor told me, "What the fuck is you living for?"
And that's as real as I need to get
My girl asked if I cheated on her, I don't know I plead the fifth
I need to sip Henny shots, if you smoke get high to def
I'm tripping on my ego and this the negative side effects, so
Now everybody wave your motherfucking hands, huh?
You living in hell, living in fear, huh?
We living in jail, living in pent, huh?
The Devil himself, tryna get in, huh?
We living in hell, living in fear, huh?

Ok my momma said I'm fuckin' up
My daddy say I'm negative
And my grandma said my head is big
And my doc said I need medicine
And ain't that some shit1Embed