39 ContributorsYessir! Lyrics
Live in stereo!
Yessir! This what I wanna hear my nigga, yeah
Yeah yeah (These parts bogie)
You don't even know that's the official word up in the town
You heard? (Yeah) hahaha (Who needs trees?)
Get that swing (Yessir!) get it in man (Yeah)
That's the official shit kid, mm-hmm (Fuck that)
Word up, we gon' take it back to the big park and shit
What are you going to rap about?
Yeah, when niggas was rhymin hard and comin crazy
Electrifying and vivid (All that, all that) yo

I'm like a rabbi, fresh new mag and I'm mad high
Stolen black Jag, I brag fly, yeah
Yo, a project thug, political gangster, starving Langston Hughes
Jews want the crib when the God dies
I'm deadly, metaphors'll dog you
While I'm in the Forbes, first 500 niggas who raw live
Yo B, the nigga Shallah, he low-key
But he O.G., half of his niggas gone or in hidin
Federales'll sneak, police, holdin my old piece
Heard the young policeman died
58 carats of glass, the Aston blueberry black
Where I keep my ices and knives at
One of the force rawest
Yo, we're British aware who get money, shoot dice in his fortress
Mocknecks and stragglers
Eightball jackets the hagglers of the rap game, post up, surprise
I want that spot
Coolin with the Supervillain team, all you other playboys is twats
Niggas be down for the murder game
Run in the church, grab the rifle, put one in a nigga frame
I'm thirsty, hungry like a Somalian
Prol'ly with them niggas with the waves in they dome like tsunami
All we do is get fresh and fuck ma probably
Yo' baby mother gave me head in Barney's while I calmly
And I got giants in armies
While we rock mean colored clothes and don divas
Yeah, Chef back, some call him Louis Smith
Slash Lex Diamond and his chick sell crack
We rep bananas, beat this, legend of Stan Smith
700 dollar jeans, keepin your man distance
Yeah son, gimme your ear son
Yo yo yo, yo yo get the fuck away from the ropes man
Fuckin' chicken, ha ha ha
You might also like
Doom, the warning signal again, somebody approaches!
What manner of creatures are these? There they are again, FIRE!
A gunshot from inside the house, forces a change of plans
Okay, let's make sure all the windows are covered
A straightforward entry has turned
Into what appears to be a barricaded standoff
POLICE DEPARTMENT! COME TO THE FRONT DOOR!
Anything you say, cracker
As the funky beat continues3Embed