67 ContributorsNasty Girl Lyrics
The Biggie Duets! (Uhh!)
Jazzy Fizzle, Jagged Edge (Biggie Smalls)
Ladies and gentlemen!

I go on and on and on and
Don't take 'em to the crib unless they bonin
Easy, call 'em on the phone and
Platinum Chanel cologne and
I stay dressed to impress
Spark these bitches interest
Sex is all I expect
If they watch TV in the Lex, they know
They know, quarter past 4
Left the club tipsy, say no mo'
Except how I'm gettin home tomorrow
Cease will drop you off when he see his P.O
Back of my mind I hope she swallow
Man she spilled a drink on my cream Wallows
Reach the gate, hungry just ate
Griffin, she got to be to work by eight
This must mean she ain't tryna wait
Conversate, sex on the first date
I state, "You know what you do to me"
She starts off, "Well I don't usually"
Then I whipped it out, rubber no doubt
Step out, show me what you all about
Fingers in your mouth, open up your blouse
Pull your G-string down South (Ooow)
I threw that back out, in the parking lot
By a Cherokee and a green drop-top
And I don't stop until I squirt
Jeans, skirt, butt-naked - it all work
You might also like
Gotta love my lil' nasty girl
Know I love my lil' nasty girl
I love my lil' nasty girl (Ladies and gentleman!)
All the ladies if you with me grab your titties for B-I-G
My lil' nasty girl
All my women from around the world
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you with me grab your titties for B-I-G

(You know I like nasty girls...)
I need you to dance, I need you to strip
I need you to shake your lil' ass and hips
I need you to grind like you workin' for tips
And gimme what I need while we listen to Prince
Cause miss you ain't seen the world yet, rocked La Perla yet
Rocked them pearl sets, flew in a pearl jet
My style make a low profile girl smile
Blow a chick back like I blow through a trial (take that)
And now you and me can drink some Hennessy
Then we get it on, mad women wantin' to bone Sean Combs
Sippin' on Patron, speedin' be leanin', got 'em fiendin'
Then when I did it to you throw it right back (right back)
And tell me "Yeah Diddy I like it like that" (like that)
Lift your shirt, you know how I flirt
Heels & skirt, let's take it off, now let's work (let's work!)
Gotta love my lil' nasty girl (So nasty)
Know I love my lil' nasty girl (Gotta love 'em)
I love my lil' nasty girl ('Cause I do)
All the ladies if you with me grab your titties for B-I-G
My lil' nasty girl
All my women from around the world
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you with me grab your titties for B-I-G

J-E & B-I-G (what! what!)
Got the keys from Diddy (uh! uh!)
We're a Man lookin' no stress
Meet us upstairs in ya best, yes!
Dress to impress, spark this bitch's interest
Jazzy on the beat so sweet
Ladies if ya feel me grab ya titties for B-I-G

Okay ma, what's ya preference? (Whats ya preference?)
Nice and slow or fast and reckless (Fast and reckless)
Pull your hair girl, bite cha necklace! (Oh, yeah)
Lemme show you what a nigga from the Lou' is blessed with (hey!)
I make ya sprang a leak
When I'm done flip the mattress change the sheets (gotta change 'em)
I'm like the radical one
I vibrate a lil' more than your mechanical one
From yo' titties to ya thong
Either way mama I'mma make you do what it do
Girl I'm about to make you cum
Guaranteed when you fuckin wit me, girl
'Cause I'll go on and on and on
On and on and on (You hear me? Oh!)
On and on
Ladies if you feel me, grab them thangs for Biggie
Gotta love my lil' nasty girl
Know I love my lil' nasty girl
I love my lil' nasty girl (You gotta love it, baby!)
All the ladies if you with me grab your titties for B-I-G
My lil' nasty girl
All the women from around the world
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you with me grab your titties for B-I-G
Gotta love my lil' nasty girl
Know I love my lil' nasty girl
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you with me grab your titties for B-I-G
My lil' nasty girl
All the women from around the world
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you with me grab your titties for B-I-G

Ladies & gentlemen you are now in tune into the very best
Jazzy Fizzle... Nelly man, Jagged Edge
The Notorious... NOTORIOUS! B-I-G
THE BIGGIE DUETS! NOTORIOUS!
BAD BOY! SHO NUFF SHO NUFF!
NOTORIOUS!
NOTORIOUS!
Ladies & Gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen...
LET'S GO!
LET'S GO!
LET'S GO!
LET'S GO! hey hey hey hey16Embed