102 ContributorsBring the Noise Lyrics
Too black, too strong
Too black, too strong
Yo, Chuck, these honey drippers are still frontin' on us
Show 'em that we can do this
'cause we always knew this
Haha, yeah, boy!

Bass! How low can you go?
Death row? What a brother know
Once again, back is the incredible
Rhyme animal, the uncannable
D! Public Enemy Number One
Five-O said, "Freeze!"—and I got numb
Can I tell 'em that I really never had a gun?
But it's the wax that the Terminator X spun
Now they got me in a cell 'cause my records, they sell
'Cause a brother like me said, "Well
Farrakhan's a prophet, and I think you oughta listen to
What he can say to you, what you oughta do is
Follow for now," power, the people say
"Make a miracle, D, pump the lyrical"
Black is back, all in, we're gonna win
Check it out, yeah, yo, come on, here we go again
You might also like
Turn it up!
Bring the noise!
Say, turn it up
Ayo, Chuck
They sayin' we too Black, man (Bring the noise!)
Yo, I don't understand what they sayin', but little do they know
They can get a smack for that, man
Never badder than bad 'cause the brother is madder than mad
At the fact it's corrupt like a senator
Soul on a roll, but you treat it like soap on a rope
'Cause the beats and the lines are so dope
Listen for lessons I'm sayin' inside music that the critics are all blastin' me for
They'll never care for the brothers and sisters, why? 'Cause the country has us up for the war
We got to get 'em straight, come on now
They're gonna have to wait 'til we get it right
Radio stations, I question their Blackness
They call themselves Black, but we'll see if they'll play this

Turn it up!
Bring the noise!
Say, turn it up
Ayo, Chuck, they illin'
We chillin' (Bring the noise!)
Yo, P.E. in the house, top billin'
But, yo, Chuck, show 'em what you can do, boy
Get from in front of me, the crowd runs to me
My DJ is warm, he's X, I call him Norm, ya know
He can cut a record from side to side
So what, the ride, the glide should be much safer than a suicide
Soul control, beat is the father of your rock'n'roll
Music for whatcha, for whichin', you call a band, man
Making a music, abuse it, but you can't do it, ya know
You call 'em demos, (but we ride limos, too)
Whatcha gonna do? Rap is not afraid of you
Beat is for Sonny Bono, (Beat is for Yoko Ono)
Run-DMC first said a DJ could be a band
Stand on its own feet, get you out your seat
Beat is for Eric B. and LL as well, hell
Wax is for Anthrax, still it can rock bells
Ever forever, universal, it will sell
Time for me to exit, Terminator X-it

Turn it up! Bring the noise!

Yo, they should know by now that they can't stop this bum rush
Word up, better keep tellin' me to turn it down
But yo, Flavor Flav ain't going out like that
Come on!
Come on!
Come on now!
Come on!

From coast to coast, so you stop being like a comatose
"Stand, my man? The beat's the same with a boast toast"
Rock with some pizzazz, it will last. Why you ask?
Roll with the rock stars, still never get accepted as
We got to plead the Fifth, you can investigate
Don't need to wait, get the record straight
Hey, posse in effect, got Flavor, Terminator
X to sign checks, play to get paid
We got to check it out down on the avenue
A magazine or two is dissing me and dissing you
Yeah, I'm tellin' you

Hey yo, Griff, get thirty S1W, we got to handle this
We ain't goin' out like that
Yo, man, straight up on the Columbo tip
We can do this, like Brutus
'Cause we always knew this
You know what I'm sayin'
There's just one thing that puzzles me, my brother
What's wrong with all these people around here, man?
Is they clocking? Is they rocking? Is they shocking?...5Embed