6 ContributorsDefeated Lyrics
Father, we pray this morning for the spirit of wisdom and revelation, and the knowledge of Jesus Christ
We thank You and we pray for the sick, the shut-in
We pray for the young people, we pray for the babies
We pray for everyone that's sick this morning
Everyone that's lost this morning
In the name of Jesus, we thank You
Hallelujah, we thank You for Your love, we thank You for Your power, thank You
For You are greater than all

Satan, the Lord rebuke you
Satan, the Lord rebuke you
Satan, the Lord rebuke you
He's defeated again

Changed my hustle to witness
All the things I did wrong
Gave me a brand new message -
Gave me a brand new song
So now I can't be threatened
By the drama and the tricks you bring
For I will not be defeated -
For there is joy in the song that I sing
You might also like
(Satan)
Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (Oh Satan)
Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (Satan, the Lord Rebuke you)
Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (Ooh, yeah yeah, yeah yeah yeah yeah)
He's defeated (defeated) again (again - everybody)
Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (Ooh, Satan the Lord rebuke ya')
Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (Rebuke you, yeah)
Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (You are defeated)
He's defeated again. (again - listen)

Open your ears - open your eyes
Everything you're trying to do
You gotta know, gotta reinvent it
(or we will) never gain and introduce to you. (oh my)
The enemy promised (enemy, he promised) said he promised
He'll steal and destroy
But the Bible says, no weapon formed against me
Will prosper or take my joy!
My joy!

Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (Wooh! Satan, the Lord rebuke you.)
Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (Hah, Ooh, Satan)
Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (Rebuke you - yeah)
He's defeated again. (Defeated wooh - everybody sing)
Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (He is)
Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (He's rebuked in here, he is)
Satan, the Lord rebuke you. (Yo Snoop, y'all break it down for me)

He's defeated (Can I get a real witness in here)
He's defeated (Now I don't look like the things I been through, somebody help me)
He's defeated (Can you grab somebody's hand and rock with me, good evening)
He's defeated (I need a few of the holies to open your mouth and say it with me - oh!)
He's defeated (I don't fear the terror by night)
He's defeated (Nor do I fear the arrow by day, uh huh)
He's defeated (Jesus made me a promise)
He's defeated (He has all power in His hand)
He's defeated again!
(Oh Lord, we rebuke the devourer and deceiver...)Embed