134 ContributorsYuck Lyrics
My name is Paul Rothenberg, Attorney of Law...
And I hereby ratify and confirm that Logic is motherfucking paid

Can't nothin' stop me, I'm on a roll (I'm on a roll!)
Always on time 'cause my eyes is on my Rollie-olex
I don't trust nobody, oh no (No, no, no!)
I don't trust nobody, put my homies on the payroll
Fuck with me now or you'll never know (Never know!)
If you weren't with me, in the beginning, you get no love (No love!)
My name Bobby Tarantino (Tarantino! Yeah)
Logic ain't here right now, leave a message if you want, ho

Hold it, bring it back, uh, I'ma call you back, uh
Too busy countin' stacks, uh
Pickin' up the slack (Slack)
I was born in the trap (Trap), chains on, cooked crack (Crack)
Logic never wanna flex, but Bobby finna bring the facts
Put my city on the map, fuck with the gang, get attacked
It ain't a thing, RattPack, nobody know about that
Bitch, I been gunnin', comin' for the throne
And I know that they talking, can't fuck with the tone
Talkin' shit 'bout Logic, I never respond
I'll let success talk, 'cause a word of advice:
More achievements for yourself and less talk
Cats beef with Logic, yeah, they prayin' I respond
If I ever did, I dead you in this game with no respawn
Peace, love, and positivity, that's all I want with you
But you push the issue 'cause I give you more press than your publicist could ever get you
Hell nah, fuck rap, fuck beef
Anyone that hate me, I wish you success
I wish you look in the mirror and ask yourself why you suppressed
The feelin's of self-hatred that you want project on me
Bet if I never picked up the mic, then we might be homies
But you jealous, you look at my life and you feel envy
Constantly comparing yourself to me and feel empty
Most people that don't fuck wit' me ain't never shook my hand
I'm a good man, yeah, I love myself
I know who I am, yeah, I love myself
They don't understand
But no matter what happen you know that–
You might also like
Can't nothing stop me, I'm on a roll (I'm on a roll)
Always on time 'cause my eyes is on my Rollie-olex (Woo!)
I don't trust nobody, oh no (No, no, no!)
I don't trust nobody, put my homies on the payroll
Fuck with me now or you'll never know, uh (Never know!)
If you weren't with me, in the beginning, you get no love (No love!)
My name Bobby Tarantino (Tarantino!)
Logic ain't here right now, leave a message if you want, ho (Leave a message, ho!)
Hi! It's uh—Logic? Hi, sorry. It's Elton John calling you! Um, I hope you don't mind me getting you on your mobile–or not getting on your mobile, but I was just, uh—congratulating you first of all on your performance at the Grammys and then I was asking you—I was gonna ask you if you'd like to do something for me, and I will ring you back later and see—and talk about it, thanks!70Embed