17 ContributorsWould You Die for Me Lyrics
The, thick, thick, thick thick, the
The, thicky the, the, the
Thicky the, thick thick the, the
Thicky the, the
Thicky the, the, the, thicky thick the
Uh, uh

Venue after venue I've been through
Come up to the telly so I can bend you (Uh)
Send you to the store, condoms and more
Jealous females call you sluts and whores
Could it be my hardcore metaphor
Makes sweat pour on the bedroom floor? (Uh)
Open up the Lex door, jump on in
I'm kinda tired, I'ma roll blunts while you spin
You got your license, right? Alright, no swerving
Hair blonde out, Madonna style like a virgin (Uh)
Splurging, Dom P., Rose
Much foreplay, that's my forte
Niggas see the ring, baguettes to death (Uh)
She looking for a man, honey, he just left
Violate me, he get beat to death
Goodfellas squeeze every shell they got left (Uh)
Grand Marnier increase the don strength
Two four-fifths within my arms length
With a calm breath I say, "We got to float"
Throw Little Cease the keys to the boat
Tongue all down her throat, you know the routine
Got my dick large like Bruce Springsteen
And you mean too (Uh), eyes greenish blue
Got the Coogi sweater with the bubble Fubu
Beautiful, that's how the night goes
Get out them tight clothes, get in some night clothes
I invite those girls that smoke lah (Uh)
Keep it real with you, you keep it real with I
We be tight like frog's ass
Have you screamin', "Biggie, Biggie, give me one more chance"
What?
You might also like
Would you ride with me? (Yeah)
Would you lie for me? (That's right)
Would you get high with me? (For sure)
Would you die for me? (No doubt)
Would you ride with me? (Yeah)
Would you lie for me? (That's right)
Would you get high with me? (For sure)
Would you die for me? (No doubt)

These hoes don't treat you like I treat you
Like my contacts, I can see right through
Don't they know me and you is stuck like glue?
Queen Bitch means number one and two
Wifey, ya'll ain't got to like me
Go head and act dumb, you'll just catch a hot one
Y'all know where I'm from
Bucktown, lay your ass down
You don't wanna play around (With me)
Probably just mad because Frank chose me
A fly cutie, you just a groupie
Girls call my telephone just to hang up
While me and you is in the crib, laying up
Oh, he ain't tell you that we live together, huh?
And that we gonna have a kid together?
Whatever, me intimidated, never
Anything you give to him, he give it right to Kim
Anyway, I fuck better than you
Give head better than you, pussy get wetter than you
If I fuck another nigga, it don't mean nothing
B.I.G. is in my heart from the start
Whether broke or rich, I'm a stay his bitch
Chicks who used to be around, where they at now?
See I don't care bout them other broads
B.I.G. kept it real with me, and that's that
Would you ride with me? (Yeah)
Would you lie for me? (That's right)
Would you get high with me? (For sure)
Would you die for me? (No doubt)
Would you ride with me? (Yeah)
Would you lie for me? (That's right)
Would you get high with me? (For sure)
Would you die for me? (No doubt)Embed