67 ContributorsWizard Of Oz Lyrics
Bitch, I've been runnin' my city like I am the Wizard of Oz
I don't do this shit for nothin' but the family and the squad
Money ain't everything, tell me now, what's that money to a god?
If they tell you money make you better than others, then somebody lied
Bitch, I've been runnin' my city like I am the Wizard of Oz (yeah, I am)
I don't do this shit for nothin' but the family and the squad (squad)
Money ain't everything, tell me now, what's that money to a god? (to a god)
If they tell you money make you better than others, then somebody lied (somebody lied)

I just paid ten million in taxes
Finger-fuck all of them bastards way back in my GED classes
I don't mean to stunt on they asses, but I'm finna stunt on they asses
Yeah, I'm finna stunt on they asses
Fast forward, I rap for the masses, from Maryland to Calabasas
It's on, all this other shit that's on my mind now
My girl said she wanna let me find out
I'm way too diverse to stay in one lane
Increase the autotune so y'all could feel the pain (yeah, yeah!)
Pour that drink up and might have to catch a vibe (catch a vibe!)
I am way too turnt right now, don't need to drive (woo!)
I might fuck around and say some real shit (yeah!)
Like people tend to do when they get real, real lit, yeah (woo!)
I've been sippin' on that liquid courage (ooh, ooh, yeah!)
The beat is tellin' me, "Don't be discouraged"
I think I'm the best rapper alive
'Cause they tell me I'm the best rapper alive
You might also like
Bitch, I've been runnin' my city like I am the Wizard of Oz
I don't do this shit for nothin' but the family and the squad
Money ain't everything, tell me now, what's that money to a god?
If they tell you money make you better than others, then somebody lied
Bitch, I've been runnin' my city like I am the Wizard of Oz (yeah, I am)
I don't do this shit for nothin' but the family and the squad (squad)
Money ain't everything, tell me now, what's that money to a god? (to a god)
If they tell you money make you better than others, then somebody lied (somebody lied)48Embed