22 ContributorsBehold a Lady Lyrics
Sophistafunk, aristocats
Distinguished dogs, clean up your acts
Pull up your pants, ladies and gents
Please, act like you got some sense
You know what I really wanna know?
Where do all the good girls go?
What clubs they hang at?

Behold
A lady
I see you standing on the wall
Clap, clap, you deserve it all
Behold (Candy-coated unicorns are)
A lady (Quite hard to find)
I see you standing on the wall
(The classic lady, a rare breed indeed)
Clap, clap, you deserve it all
(Is that make and model discontinued?)

Today, I might snow, tomorrow, I'll rain
3000's always changing but you stay the same
And I need that
Hey, I need that (In my life)
When I feel washed up and inadequate
And throw all my songs away, no matter how mad I get
You make me smile, you make me smile
You make me smile, you make me (Oh)
You're the anchor that holds me down
When my ship is sinking, you won't let me drown
And I'm grateful (Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh, oh-oh)
You might also like
Behold (Maybe they disappeared with the dinosaurs?)
A lady (Oh, but that's such a Big Bang Theory)
I see you standing on the wall (Maybe they're still around?)
Clap, clap, you deserve it all
(But only to be seen with appreciative eyes)
Behold (Maybe they were taken for granted?)
A lady (And lost all their magic)
I see you standing on the wall (Oh, how awful)
Clap, clap, you deserve it all (Oh, so tragic)

Yo mama's old fashioned, yo daddy don't play
You'll always be this lovely 'cause they raised you that way
Hallelujah! Thank ya, Jesus! Thank ya, Lord!
Thank ya, Jesus! Thank ya, Lord!
Thank ya, Jesus! Thank ya, Lord!
You're not extra extra, you're so plain Jane
The ying to my yang, darlin', you've got that thang
And you know it, but yet you don't
But yet you don't and that's what's so cool
You don't say too much, but when you do, it's profound
In the street, you hold your head high
At home, you get low down for me
(Can't get no lower, can't get no lower, can't get no lower, yeah)
Oh, you're the anchor that holds me down
When my ship is sinking, you won't let me drown, ah-ah-ah-ah
Sad, but one day our kids will have to visit museums
To see what a lady looks like
Behold (So if you find one, I beg you, hold her tight)
A lady (Yes, if you spot one, good sir, treat her right)
I see you standing on the wall (Benjamin André, signing off)
Clap, clap, you deserve it all (Thanks a million)
(Good luck and goodnight)
Behold
A lady
I see you standing on the wall
Clap, clap, you deserve it all
Behold
A lady
I see you standing on the wall
Clap, clap, you deserve it all
Behold
A lady
I see you standing on the wall3Embed