6 ContributorsShake your Booty Lyrics
Uh, uh, keep it goin'
Yeah, whatever
Now, now, now

Now this is that fly shit, the do or die shit
Made shit, platinum shit that make you so sick
Flavor Flav time ticks, just count the six to eight figures
 shut 'em down at the Ritz
Thinkin of grits, Kibbles 'n Bits, now I'm in the mix
Flav be doin' just like this
Off the meat rack, got my money stacked
Blow out your back, no fakin' jacks
Kid relax, honey, I shrunk the kids
Flipped your wig, on top of the world like 'Pac and Big
Flavor Flav still stay jig
Takin a swing, knock you out like Shannon Briggs
Up on your block, money bustin' out my socks
Yo I'm in it for life, I'm takin a piece of the rock
Flavor Flav got a lot, so you know I can't stop
In ninety-eight I'm livin' on large estates boy

Flavor Flav, shake yo booty
Get rich, do your dance, it's your duty (Hey!)
Stack paper and let's get crazy
Throw your hands in the air then be Swayze
Flavor Flav, just shake yo booty
Get rich, do your dance, it's your duty (Hey!)
Stack paper and let's get crazy
(Check out my girls, check out my girls)
Throw your hands in the air then be Swayze
(Sing that shit G, sing that shit G!)
You might also like
Give me the night, like George Benson
And have fun, this jam is number one
We gonna party til it's done, me and DR
Goin' real far
In a black car, fat two-seater
Rich like Kedar, on my Def Jam's
Let's see how the ball bounce
I'm cold lampin', so you know I can't fall
From Strong Island, still buckwhylin', stylin'
Profilin, eatin' at City Island
Now you know the real score, Flavor's raw
Catch me on tour, makin mad moves for sure
Hittin' chicks like galore, we're gonna dance
'Til we shake the floor, I know you party people want more

Flavor Flav, shake yo booty
Get rich, do your dance, it's your duty
Stack paper and let's get crazy
Throw your hands in the air then be Swayze
Flavor Flav, just shake yo booty
Get rich, do your dance, it's your duty
Stack paper and let's get crazy
Throw your hands in the air then be Swayze
Word up yo
Ha ha, tsk tsk tsk
Yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, ha hah
Ohh shit, sing it y'all!

(Shake it) C'mon, sing it!
(Shake it, shake it like ya want) Sing it again, c'mon!
(Shake it) Let 'em hear you
(Shake it, shake it like ya want) Yo this is fly, it's fly, it's fly
(Shake it) Yo it's blazin'
(Shake it, shake it like ya want) All this shit is hot
(Shake it) Hot hot hot!
(Shake it, shake it like ya want) Hot hot hot HOT!!!

First of all, Flav never get stuck
Still wear my jewels that's truck
Can't mess with the cash that's bad enough tryin to set me up
Get me messed up in the game, what's my name?
Watch me flame to the Billboard spot
I'm HOT HOT HOT, on MTV/ BET
The way you see me, V.I.P
Don't try to make history
Stay loyal to my fam P.E., Nigga what
Nigga what, burn your face with a cigarette
Flavor Flav, shake yo booty
Get rich, do your dance, it's your duty
Stack paper and let's get crazy
Throw your hands in the air then be Swayze
Flavor Flav, just shake yo booty
Get rich, do your dance, it's your duty
Stack paper and let's get crazy
Throw your hands in the air then be Swayze

Yeah that's right, two-zero-zero-zero
I know it's hot Son, it's blazin
We gon' take this shit
We gon' flip it to the moon
YaknowhatI'msayin? And we gonna flip it off the moon
Back to New York, and flip it down Broadway
YaknowhatI'msayin? All the way down to Hot 97
And we gonna rock it like this, like this yaknowhatI'msayin?
Terminator X!!
Ha hah, let me hear that one more time, one more time
Terminator X!!
One more time, one more time, Terminator X!Embed