6 ContributorsWhat Kind of Power We Got? LyricsYo, another day, another 49 cents

Kid: Mr., Mr., why you always tryin' to take all our money?
Old man: Because I'm the government, and you-u-u have to pay
Kid: Stop tryin' to take our money!

Yo, you gotta bust this
We want justice
From public enemy number one
To can't trust this
Like F Jim or Hyatt
Because we're sick and fuckin' tired
Of being mistreated by the undefeated
Powers in the seat that can't be beat
Probably gone is the head that make clear to the feet
The two worlds are talkin', plus crooked walkin'
Blind to the fact that the enemy is stalking
For ways for days to search United States quiet
We're not a full power cause of racial riot
In my neighborhood, we attempt to kill each other
Politics said fuck power to the brother
Be strong be righteous, don't be no sinister
I got the word from brother minister (minister)
Farrakhan speaks, and so does Muhammad
The days of Ramadan is protected, you can't harm it
My statement is the fact to the highest degree
Flavor works this style, you can't touch me
You might also likeWhat kind of power we got? (Soul power) (8X)
Bring it on (I know you got soul)

Goin' on it, get it, gotta get it on (8X)

Yo, some seek stardom
And forgot all about Harlem
Yo, Fugees
Rock the hoouuse!
Now I don't know
But tell me what you gonna do
When the ending of time comes near
Whatever you do, it's gotta be funky
I'm not tryin' to put your life in full of fear!
By the Flava skies we are flyin'
The truth we be buyin'
To buy in all the lying
How you livin'
Why you livin'
Where you livin'
It ain't got to be like that, by only givin'
It was your own choice, scratched up your Rolls Royce
Every childish friend you had was glad to rejoice
And turning in the nut, trying to make the pockets fatter
One shot in the head, everybody scatter!
The world's gonna catch on fire
A funeral pyre is the hard-headed people's desire
Every lyin' tryer will turn into a cryer
Who will just sit back, thinkin' higher and higher
Friends will always move 'til you get to barb wire
Every cop in law gets a flat tire
What kind of power we got? (Soul power) (4X)
What kind of power you got? (Soul power) (2X)
What kind of power we got? (Soul power)
Take me on

Goin' on it, get it, gotta get it on (8X)

Yo check this out
My partner Chuck D
Got all the O-Z-S of knowledge, wisdom and understanding
A-yo Chuck
Let 'em know why you the Prophet of Rap
Kick that shit, Chuck

Some people, people
Don't like the way, the way Flavor walk
Come on now, we want all the people to check it out and listen to it, listen to the man

That's my partner, my partner, ha-ha

Some people, people
Don't like the way, the way the Flavor Flav talk
But ladies and gentlemen
I like for you to know
This my main man throwing down
What kind of power we got? (Soul power)
What kind of power you want now? (Soul power)
What kind of power you need now? (Soul power)
What kind of power you got now? (Soul power)
You know you gots to have it? (Soul power)
I know you gotta have soul, ya'll? (Soul power)
I got this soul and you want some? (Soul power)
What kind of power we got now? (Soul power)
Cos I know you got soul ya'll? (Soul power)
What kind of power we got ya'll? (Soul power)
(Flava Flav: Yeah!!!!!)
I know the Flava got soul? (Soul power)
I know you gotta have soul? (Soul power)
What kind of power we got ya'll? (Soul power)
What kind of power we need ya'll? (Soul power)
Of course I know you got Flava? (Soul power)
And the Flava got soul? (Soul power)
What kind of power we got? (Soul power)

No cursing
Only versing
And if it ain't better
Then we make it worsen
All that!!!! All that!!!! All that!!!! Waah! Waah! Waah!
Rock the house ya'll
Come on!
What kind of power we got? (Soul power) (4X)

What kind of power we got ya'll? (Soul power)
I got this soul and you want some? (Soul power)
You know you gots to have it? (Soul power)
And, and the Flava got soul, ya'll? (Soul power)
Cost I know you got Flava? (Soul power)

Shockley music, rockin' o-o-on
Long Island in effect once again, BOY!
You know want I'm sayin'?
Well we ain't playin'
It's all in the message that we relayin'
Right here on the map we stayin'
You know what I'm sayin'?
S1W's in full effec'
Terminator X from turntable number 1 and turntable number 2
It's in check, BOY!
And we're the real McCoy, BOY!
It's like that, BOY!
We make you jump for joy, you know what I'm sayin'?
What kind of power we got? (Soul power)
What kind of power ya need now? (Soul power)
What kind of power we got? (Soul power)
What kind of power we got? (Soul power)1Embed