41 ContributorsReset Lyrics
Naw, naw, naw, that's part of the— that's—
Yeah! I got you good that time, shawty

Start over
Again
Everything happens for a reason
Good doesn't come without pain
Start over
Again
Everything happens for a reason

Ain't it funny how you're born and then your life begins?
Just like a baby: all alone— that's if you wasn't a twin
You must begin to fend for self when the umbilical's cut
The doctor put you under the heating lamp; your spirit is touched
You know what? I take that back (Why?) You was alive
Date of conception, interception, 'cause the sperm did collide
From T 'n' A to DNA, feelings turn to chil'en's
The morning after pill didn't put a halt to our very existence
We living; breathing; soon, we'll be teethin
Our granny got a gold, and now, we want one for that reason
An adolescent mind is so impressionable in those stages, but
Parents got to parent their kids to keep them out of cages
Cell therapists, beware of this loogie that I spit:
Incarceration without rehabilitation really don't mean shit
Lil' Ricky home—he gotta serve probation for six months
But Uncle Darnell and Ol' Dirty Bastard still in the joint
You might also like
Reset
Ugh
Start over (Ugh, uh-huh, that's right)
Again (Ugh, ugh, that's right)
Ugh, that's right, that's right
Say, ugh, ugh, that's right, that's right
Everything happens for a reason (Know that)
Good doesn't come without pain
Uh-huh, blood thicker than water, uh-huh, c'mon, c'mon, ah
That's for real, shawty, why's that?
Start over (We gots to do it all over again)
Again (Uh-huh, ah— I don't care, do it all over again)
We gots to do it all over again
Ugh, uh-huh, Cotton Club Goodie (Cotton Club Goodie!)
Everything happens for a reason (Cotton Club Goodie!)
Ugh, ugh, ugh, yeah

Good doesn't come without pain (Pain)
Meaning, before it get better, it's gon' get worse (Worse)
Like my homies on the sick side (Side), stay dying over turf
That don't belong to urse; I mean, "us" (Us), left in the dust (Dust)
Try to catch up with massah (Massah)
I used to wanna wrap my hands around the esophagus (Esophagus) of them crackers (Rah, rah)
But Ephesians 6:12 said it wasn't flesh and blood that we wrestle against
Principalities, powers of this world
Rulers of darkness and spiritual wickedness in high places
So throw on the whole armor of righteousness
I spark this thing, but my name ain't "Bubba"
I got problems with racist cab drivers, like Glover ("Fuck you doing, man? My money good")
And brothers that wax fat ("My money ain't good? Fuck you, man")
And forget all about the struggle ("Yeah, suck my dick")
Ugh, yeah, come on, come on (Give me some help now here, shawty)
Guess what, guess what? Time to reset this thang
Start over (Ugh, to them triple-zeroes)
Again (Ugh, the K-H-U-J-O)
G-O-O-D-I-E, Big Boi
(Cotton Club Goodie) Big Boi, Big Boi
Everything happens for a reason
Good doesn't come without pain
Start over
Again
Everything happens for a reason (Listen to me)

I awaken to sunlight
That's beyond bright; this day will be done right
There is a war just waiting on the other side of the door
But I'll be bringing God to the gunfight
Can't live forever—so, have some fun, right?
Life's a bowl of candy—you can have one, right?
You can handle if tomorrow never come, right?
You get used to singing, if only for one night
But I intend to raise two daughters and a son, right?
And I couldn't've wrote this if I was hopeless
And, see, I focus to provoke this
So open wide for my opinionated opus
Like playing Go Fish, but not below this
Before I go, I thought that you all should know this
Recognize and realize before any regretting
Before you relapse, perhaps you'll consider resetting
Hmm? (Hmm?)
Start over
Again
Everything happens for a reason
Good doesn't come without pain
Start over
Again
Everything happens for a reason4Embed