4 ContributorsAintnuttin Buttersong Lyrics
"I can't believe it ain't butter!"
Uh! Yeah!
"Question, America: is this America, the land of the free and the brave?"
Come on, now!
Tell 'em 'bout it now! Uh, yeah!
"I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America"
Oh, yeah!
"It ain't nothin' but a"

Don't you know? We got so much soul
You can damn near see it, spinnin' on a forty-five
I've come to the conclusion to clear the confusion
My point is to rock the funky joint
Don't you know? I got tangled in the star-spangled banner
In the middle of Alabama?
Or was it Tennessee or Arkansas?
New York and Cali got the same amount of race rallies
I know they wanna hang me straight around the neck
So I'm knockin' off the hand checks
When you ask me what it is, what it is?
Here it is, it ain't nothin' but a song

Krackas, killas, kidnappas
The KKK tries to blame it on the rappas
They don't count the ones that bounce to the forty ounce
Or the runts that get stunted by the blunts
This time, I'm gonna take it down the line
To the ones that are ready, they be holdin' it steady
When a song so wrong, so many be singin' it
Strangled, tangled, caught in a spangled
Banner, got 'em on that camera
Stars I'm seein' from a beatdown in a slamma
"Oh, say can you see?" But you can't
Uncle Sammy, he wears the pants
Tom's bitch when he's swingin' a switch
Rather stick the poor up and give it to the rich
I always thought that power
Was to the people, we the people
Ah, see, we ain't the people
You might also like
When I pledge allegiance, I shoulda got a sticka
First grade, second grade, I shoulda just kicked a
Verse, the worst in the middle of class
Instead of singin' bout bombs like a dumbass
Land of the free, home of the brave
And hell with us niggas, we slaves
That shoulda been the last line
Of a song that's wrong from to get
So when everybody stand, I sit

The red is for the blood that we shed as a people
The blue is for those sad ass songs that we be singin' in church to blues
While the White man's heaven is the Black man's hell
The stars is what we saw when our ass got beat
Stripes is for the whip marks in our back
The white is for the obvious, ain't no black in that flag (That's bullshit, word up, G)
Land of the free, home of the slavesEmbed