14 Contributors1 Million Bottlebags Lyrics

"Alcohol beverage companies have aimed an inordinate amount of advertising at Blacks; billboards in inner cities, ads in hip-hop magazines, lots of ads on television..."

Dope fiend man gotta make that change

One million bottle bags, count 'em (Count 'em)
Think they can bounce the ounce and it get 'em
Blacks spend two-hundred eighty-eight million, sittin' there waitin' for the fizz
And don't know what the hell it is
Oh, let me tell you 'bout Shorty
He about seventeen, lookin' like forty
Treats his Forty dog better than his G when he gets a big B-O-T-T-L-E
Oh, he loves the liquor
But look, watch Shorty get sicker year after year
While he's thinkin' it's beer
But it's not, he got it in his gut
(Yo G, what's up!)
Now, he's hostile to a brother lookin' out
But I ain't mad, I know what he's about
He's just a slave to the bottle and the can
Cause that's his man, the malt liquor man
You might also like
One million bottle bags (Where's my bottle?)
One mi-one million bottle bags, what the hell is they drinkin'?!
One million bottle bags (Just give me my bottle)
One mi-one million bottle bags, what the hell is they drinkin'?!
One million bottle bags (What's up with my bottle?)
One mi-one million bottle bags, what the hell is they drinkin'?!
One million bottle bags (I need my bottle!)
One mi-one million bottle bags, what the hell is they drinkin'?!

Yo, why don't you put that bottle down, G?
Yo man, on that bottle people stoppin'?
Cool, but I ain't puttin' my beat down fo' nobody!
And away goes the brother down the drain

One million bags count 'em all
Other man gets happy, watch the fellas drink eight ball
Don't know a damn thing, but his breath stinkin'
When I ask a question, "Yo brother, what the hell is you drinkin'?"
He don't know, but it flow out the bottle in a cup
He call it gettin' ****** **, like we ain't ****** ** already
See the man they call Crazy Eddie
Liquor man with the bottle in his hand
He give the liquor man ten to begin with no change
And he run to get his brains rearranged
Serve it to the homies and they're able to do without a table
Beside what's inside ain't on the label
They drink it, thinkin' it's good
But they don't sell that **** in the white neighborhood
Exposin' the plan, they get mad at me, I understand
They're slaves to the liquor man
One million bottle bags (Where's my bottle?)
One mi-one million bottle bags, what the hell is they drinkin'?!
One million bottle bags (Yo, there's something in my bottle)
One mi-one million bottle bags, what the hell is they drinkin'?!
One million bottle bags (Yo, I need my bottle!)
One mi-one million bottle bags, what the hell is they drinkin'?!
One million bottle bags (Somebody could find my bottle?)
One mi-one million bottle bags, what the hell is they drinkin'?!

"Now all they doing is pickin' up, get drunk, get on your car and get on the highway, and kill somebody!"

Yo man, why don't you at least read the label first, man?
Yo man, what do I look like to you, some bookworm?
Ay yo, I'm only trying to look out for you, G
You wanna look out for me? Buy me another bottle
Ha ha ha

Back to my homeboy Shorty
He can drink it down and think nothin' about it
Pass it around and get the Forty dog buzz
At the same time, Shorty can't remember what day it was
Say, what I'm yellin' is fact
Genocide kickin' in yo back
How many times have you seen a Black fight a Black
After drinkin' down a bottle or a malt liquor six-pack?
Yo man, give me my bottle man, I ain't got time for this, man!
Yo man, look! Listen, give me my bottle, man!
You can go here in the round, son!

Malt liquor bull, what it is is bull***
Colt 45, another gun to the brain
Who's sellin' us pain in the hood another up to no good
Plan that's designed by the other man
But who drink it like water
On and on until the stores reorder it
Brothers cryin' broke, but they still affordin' it
Sippin' it, lickin' it in and drinkin' it down, oh no!
Drinkin' poison, but they don't know
It used to be wine, a dollar and a dime
Same man, drinkin' in another time
They could be hard as hell and don't give a damn
But still be a sucker to the liquor man

Look at you, look at you now! What I tell you 'bout this, huh? Look at you
"Yo man, I ain't tryna hear that, man! Where's the bottle?"
Come on, why don't you clean yourself up, man?
"Yo man, I'm like real psyched now! Where's the bottle?"
Come on, you're ragged, the roof's messed up, too!
"Where's the bottle?"
Come on, please? Get it right, G! Get it right, man!
"Oh-kay..."

"Brief words from our sponsors"
"Tonight"
"Brown"
"So this is a very deliberate, pernicious attempt for the sake of profit and greed to already further damaged people, who, in fact are suffering disproportionately from diseases that... In association with alcohol and other drugs"
"They're animals anyway, so let them lose their souls"Embed