7 ContributorsIs Your God a Dog Lyrics
Crosstown traffic, black to black, you shoulda seen her
Long and winding road to the arena
Crystal ball, I prophesized
What was on the horizon, forewarned y'all
Is it any wonder what kind of ground you goin' under
A September ender to March Madness, remember?
You never heard a murder, take  it for example
Unsolved mystery, life lost in a funk sample
Enter the bandwagon, braggin' hangin' banners
Clearin' the way for younger MC's and new hammers
What was criticized six years back is now back
In New York on the jersey, front and back
Feels like Tiger Woods got mad goods
Way up from the cheap seats comin' outta the hood
Race to the black seats amongst the wack seats
Be the hardcore alongside the deadbeats
The world lookin' on like spectators
At crucified gladiators and playa-hating alligators
Feels like a jungle inside where fish swim and birds fly
A man got a tendency to die
Man falls to the hands of man
But damn if I ever try to survive up at courtside
Four tickets to fly, rap or play ball
Do the game or duck that drive by
(Duck that down, G!)
You might also like
Idols in the sky, look at how they died
Right before your eyes, real lives
Is your lord a God (Say what?)
Or is your God a dog? (Say what?)
Idols in the sky, look at how they died
Right before your eyes, real lives
Is your lord a God (Say what?)
Or is your God a dog? (Say what?)

The same league that defends be the same ones that do us in
There's spies in the CIA and FBI
And them suites in that corporate sky
An eye for an eye, ain't gonna target at the bad guy
Heard the war is on from the announcer
Bound to get the crowd bouncin', yes and it counts and
In this corner, representin' the best in the west
Died from four bullets, two up in the chest
Worshiped on the wrong side of them TV sets
Had mad fans comin' outta both sex
Sold, multi platinum, eight times gold
But died of homicide, twenty-five years old
Heard he died in debt, too; I ain't seen a winner yet, you?
The confused crowd booed the whole crew
In that corner, number one in the east
The peace cursed for life by mark of that beast
Raised by peeps, rode jeeps, and Brooklyn beats
Praised as a hero who came up off the streets
The crowd looks on, claimin' sides they don't own
A house built up on their skulls and them bones
Knew it be a matter of time, the play by play
Two main rappers slain, so let us pray
Idols in the sky, look at how they died
Right before your eyes, real lives
Is your lord a God (Say what?)
Or is your God a dog? (Say what?)
Idols in the sky, look at how they died
Right before your eyes, real lives
Is your lord a God (Say what?)
Or is your God a dog? (Say what?)

With all the gunnin', crowd goin' crazy
Gettin' bigger, proud to be called a bunch of bitches and niggas
The ghetto stage fulla field nigga goals
Hip-hop shoot-outs versus those house negroes
Five bodies got on the shot clock
Runnin' down in the count made the scoreboard rock
The referees, the LAPD, the LVPD
Said they couldn't catch what they could not see (liar, liar)
Question, was it bigger than the names
Not only in the game, but the game behind the game?
Down to the remaining seconds of this record
Anatomy of a murder, intensity of a mystery
Dead and gone as the heads looked on
Helpless as the atmosphere was preyed on
Investigating, and the winners be
Interscope, UNI, Arista, and BMG
Lost in overtime, the tombstone trophies for people that cried
And the rhymes that died
And the beats that deceased, may the best rest in peace
(Peace, G) Rest in peace

Idols in the sky, look at how they died
Right before your eyes, real lives
Is your lord a God (Say what?)
Or is your God a dog? (Say what?)Embed