11 ContributorsDilla Plugged In Lyrics
Are we on the air? (Uh-huh)
Are we on the air? (Uh-huh, yes you are)
Hello ma, (Yeah)
Uh I'd like to hear a new beat on the request line
Okay you got it coming up

Ay-yo answering any of your service
Perogative praise positively i'm acquitted
Enemies publicly shame my utility
But after the battle the admittance I'm wit it
Sim-p-ly soothe will move, vinyl like groove
Transistor's are, never more shown with light
When vocal flow brings it all down in ruins
Design with the sounds of Dilla
We call it Plug Tunin'

(Are we on the air?)
We in the D tonight y'all
(Are we on the air?)
We live with Dilla tonight
(Are we on the air?)
Yo shout out to ma dukes
You might also like
Ay-yo gaze at the sight of a method
Dive beneath the depth of a never ending verse
Gasping and swallowing every last letter
Vocalize liquid holds the quench of your thirst
Reasons for the rhythm is for causes unknown
Different individuals are dazzled by the showbiz
Auditions are gathered but the soul would just rather
Hold a count at three, leave it as it is
Flow to the sway of my do-re
Me i'm a fixed lunatic 
Words are sent to the vents of all humans
Then convert it to a phrase called talk
Musical notes will send a new motto
Every last poem is recited at noon (Get down!)
Focus is set, let your polaroids click
As we capture the essence of Dilla, with this Plug Tunin'

(Are we on the air?)
We in the D tonight y'all
(Are we on the air?)
We here for Dilla tonight
(Are we on the air?)
Yo, show love it's ma dukes
Flowing in file with a new style
Bounds all cleaned and noted for salute
Chanters with a choice standing steady
Like mouth piece paragraph preacher, now introduce
Drums are heard sounding off each and every person
Vocal confetti is thrown atop stage
Roses and violets aren't proper
For throwing, for showing, appreciation why?
This is a Daisy Age hands don't sweat cause it's no threat
Rhymes aren't fables mislabeled to be on time
Cause they market it in label speaker Posdnuos
The stitch will fit with every consumer
Microphone use and sales will start blooming
Profit and cause could never be lost
All due to the sounds of Dilla, we call it Plug Tunin'

(Are we on the air?)
We in the D tonight
(Are we on the air?)
We here with Dilla tonight y'all
(Are we on the air?)
Yeah, so dope ma dukes! (Hello ma!)
(Are we on the air?)
We in the D tonight
(Are we on the air?)
We reppin' Dilla tonight y'all
(Are we on the air?)
Yeah, and put it up for ma dukes1Embed