30 Contributors4 Better or 4 Worse Lyrics
Uh, do you take, Rhymealinda
(Do you love me, Tre?)
To be your lawfully wedded wife? (Do you really love me?)
Uh, uh
I do, I do, no, I don't, I do

Ah, roomie-zoom-zoom, I'm off to be wed
To Rhymealinda, I remember, um, when we first met
In '82, back in school, used to play up all the fools
Sometimes, you'd be my number five, sometimes you'd be my twenty-two
But, um, screw the dumb shit, 'cause little Rhymea's true
I can't wait to say "I do," and oh yeah, honey, there's no due
I got my chariot rollin', now I'm mic controlling
Got some spunk in my funk, I can't wait to put some soul in
We're rollin' all strikes, we're havin' little tykes
One is little Mike, the other's Ike, I'm sure that you would like
To hold 'em, or maybe stroll 'em on their little bikes
When they're born, I've sworn, to bring 'em up right, you know
Dope is how I breed em, beats is what I'll feed em
They'll be healthy like a health nut, I'm sure you'll shake your butt
Kick the verse, preacher, and I won't disperse
Here's my life, Rhymealinda, for better or for worse

And you don't stop, you don't stop (What?)
And you don't stop, you don't stop (What?)
And you don't stop, you don't stop (What?)
You don't, stop
And you don't stop, and you don't stop (What?)
And you don't stop, and you don't stop (What?)
And you don't stop, you don't stop (What?)
And you don't stop
You might also like
Well, it's done, she tagged me, duck, duck, goose
I'm batter up, I can't sleep, the fly brother must produce
The power pack and I'm stacked like a forty-five mag
Straight up tennis shoes, in my pants, there's a sag
Droppin' so much grammar, gotta slam it down my mouth
Shit, I met a slut, she put me in a rut, G
With the dip that was down with me from the homefront
Now front me never, too cool, however
I gotta get the bread (Bread), gotta get the butter (Butter)
Fix it up, eat it down, throw it in the gutter
(Gutter dreamed it), sour (Creamed it), gotta
Skinny-dipped into her ass as if it was a pool of water
Now the water's gettin hotter, so I bought her a new ring
Maybe a love ballad is the song I sing
I gotta kiss her ass, my tongue I hold before I curse
If you really want me, bitch, take me for better or for worse

And you don't stop, and you don't stop
And you don't stop, and you don't stop
And you don't stop, and you don't stop
And you don't stop, and you don't stop
And you don't stop, and you don't stop
And you don't stop, and you don't stop
And you don't stop, and you don't stop
And you don't stop, and you don't stop
Well, this is the final chapters (Hello?)
Of me, so we're going to rack up (Who is this?)
In tune, in tune, in tune, a button (Why are you calling my house, who is this?)
A button, a button, Oh c'mon, honey (What?)
Would you come along with me down the lane? (Mike, is that you?)
And I will pick your brain (Oh my God, who is this?)
I won't pick it like you think I will (I'll fucking call the cops, don't call my house)
I'll take a hammer and start to drill (Oh my God, what is this?)
Your skull, and then I'll really start pickin'
Your brains out (What?), I will be lickin' (I'm gonna call the cops, okay? Quit fucking around)
You taste so intelligent (Hello, who is this?)
Ah, yes, yes, yes
You trusted me, now I busted the (Help, who is this?)
Top of your skull (What are you doing? Why are you calling me?)
You thought today was going to be dull?
But it was very exciting
I took your fingers then I started biting (Who are you? Why are you calling my house?)
And then I scraped the meat off the bone (Stop calling here)
Of your leg (Don't call here anymore)
You tried to make me beg
But I had to insist, I had to insist, I (Oh my God)
Went up your pussy with my fist (Ahh)
Okay, I think we've gone a little bit overboard (I'm gonna call the cops)
Don't stop it yet (Fuck you, don't call my house)
Like this (Like what? Like what? Like what?)
Like this (Like what? Like what? Like what?)
Like this (Like what? Like what? Like what?)
Like this (Like what? Like what? Like what?)

Yo, I'm Audi Geee
No copies manufactured
No, uh, copies, we can't, uh, do the copies
No copies, okay
Oh, so you expect me to do some type of freak show?
That's what it is, huh?
Is that what you want? What you talkin' 'bout?
What you talkin' 'bout, nigga?
What you know about the problems in LA?
I'ma tell you what's wrong with the problems of the people in LA
See, the brothers need some type of education
And you know, some type of foundation, in the, uh, community
'Cause the mute-cuh—, duh, the community grows like seeds
And the seeds will not fall from the tree if you don't water the grass
So, nigga, get off your rusty Black ass
Like this, no, no, no, no, no, no, like this
You can get with this or you can get with that
I think you get with this because Fat Lip's fat, fat, fat, fat, fat, fat, fat, fat
Uh, okay, um, okay, uh, keep going, keep going, keep going, keep going
Hey, Romye, Romye, come here, come here, come here, come here, come here
Come here for a second
Ayy, Rhasaan, Rhasaan, Imani, Imani, I think you should— oh3Embed