3 ContributorsStrictly For the Funk Lovers Lyrics
Welcome funk fans to Hot Spots
I’m Sha-Ray Jones live here on Cullen Boulevard
And everywhere I go, there’s shit everywhere
Doo-doo chasers going buckwild
I’m trying to find out the true meaning of a doo-doo chaser

Hahahaha, what’s up, niggas and bitches?
I shouldn’t say bitches, that might offend some of you hoes
Well, we gon’ do it something like this
Just to see what you punk ass niggas is working with, yeah
So now you wanna get your cranium cracked
By talking that old ill shit niggas
I’m giving out lumps by the pound, hahaha
And you say you don’t believe fried ice cream is reality, nigga
Would I like to you face to face?
You better ask some muthafuckin’ body, nigga
Now I’ma ask you one muthafuckin’ time, just one thang:
Is you or is you ain’t a doo-doo chaser?
Wait, wait, wait, let me say it one more time:
Is you, huh, or is you ain’t a doo-doo chaser? Can hear I it?
(Doo-doo chaser, that’s what your ass is, yeah, oh…)
(Nothin’ but a doo-doo chaser, yeah…)
Funk, nothin’ but pure funk
I wanna hear you get funky
Yes, and this funk is straight from South Acres, hahaha
What, you didn’t know, nigga?
Back the fuck up, we working with a crucial brand here, word
So now I’m just gon’ sit back and meditate
Or should I say have a wicked thought
About taking some old punk ass nigga out for tryna criss-cross me, fool
And I’m gon’ make you jump, hahahahaha, yeah, I’m gon’ make it jump
Hollow points all in that muthafuckin’ ass, nigga
Oh, you better ask some muthafuckin’ body, nigga
As if you didn’t know
Oh, and once again, I send this one here out to all the doo-doo chasers
So if you are a doo-doo chaser, let me see you chase the doo-doo, hahahaha
(Nothin’ but a doo-doo chaser…)
Goddamn, so now you wanna diss me, fool
I guess I gotsta put in work (Put in work, baby)
Haha, but it ain’t no thing
Haven’t you ever heard of a killer? (Muthafuckin’ killer)
Nigga, hahahaha, yeah, that’s me, fool
You better back the fuck up
So now I’m going on a killing spree in South Acres with this nigga Brad
Get your ass in the house, niggas, ‘cause it’s on
And it’s on like Donkey Kong, hahahahaha
I know you heard that saying before
But on the reals, really doe, I came to let you niggas know
That this one right here is only for the funk lovers, true funk lovers
Dig C.C., hahaha
And once again, I commence with the anthem, the doo-doo chaser
Can you, would you, could you, should you, chase the doo-doo?
Hahahaha…
(Woo, hey, hey, yeah, doo-doo chasers
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, doo-doo chasers
I don’t give a fuck, hey, Scarface don’t give a fuck
Hey, RBX don’t give a fuck)
You might also like
So there you have it, funk fans, the real definition of a doo-doo chaser
This is Sha-Ray Jones, signing off from Hot Spots
And join us next week, chasing more doo-doo chasers
I love you, and peace

Doo-doo chasers, nothin’ but doo-doo chasers, yeah
Doo-doo chasers, yeah
Doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo, doo-doo…Embed