44 ContributorsI’m That Type of Nigga Lyrics
Duh
Um, um, well, excuse me
Um, um, well, excuse me
Um, um, well, excuse me
Um, um, well, excuse me
Um, um, well, excuse me, um

Who is the nigga in charge over here? Who is the nigga in charge?
Who is the nigga in charge over here? Who is the nigga in charge?
Who is the nigga in charge over here? Who is the nigga in charge?
Who is the nigga in charge over here? Who is the nigga in charge?

Well, I am the nigga in charge over here
Sack the quarterback to make a cheerleader cheer
I fix my funk like Thelonious Monk
Stayin' true to the game 'cause I ain't no punk
Never been a bitch, so I don't act bitchy
Smooth on the vinyl like Lionel Richie
And for creeps who sleep, you better ring the alarm clock
Don't dig what I'm kicking? You can suck on a warm cock
Originate trends, my rhymes, they get paid
So I'm making ends and beginnings, see, I'm never afraid
Of a pancake MC 'cause I flips when I sways it
Housin' motherfuckers like a real estate agent
Douse you with my lyrical liquid for this hip-hop era
So I suggest you fetch an umbrella for my reign of terror
'Cause you can get your posse and your army brigade
Because I am not afraid
Oh, 'cause I'm the type of nigga that you never forget (What?)
And I'm the type of nigga that can shake my shit (What?)
'Cause I'm the type of nigga with nothin' to hide (What's your name?)
Fat Lip from the Pharcyde, and you know what's up
You might also like
Who is the nigga in charge over here? Who is the nigga in charge?
Who is the nigga in charge over here?

Well, I'm dark like chocolate and flow like milk
Slicker than oil, smooth like silk
Please give me some room because it's me you're gonna suffocate
The fly-ass brother is Imani the Great
You fuck with me, I'll be the nigga who be slangin' them dogs
Arms like sticks, hands like bricks, niggas be droppin' like logs
I used to be the nigga never down with doin' dirt
Now I got your girl callin' when she's down for doin' work
'Cause I'm the type of nigga that'll rock them drawers
Straight to a party, tuggin' on my balls
I used to be the nigga that'd keep you happy
Go ask your moms 'cause I might be the nigga you callin' pappy

Who is the nigga in charge over here? Who is the nigga in charge?
Who is the nigga in charge over here? Who is the nigga in charge?
Who is the nigga in charge over here? Who is the nigga in charge?

Well, I'm the nigga in chargin', E.X. Large-in'
Captain of a ship, pretender, no, never no sergeant
See, I'm the type of nigga to catch a bullet in my teeth
Then call you Saint Nick, dick, 'cause you'll get hung like a wreath
Snap, chin check is what I do to put your head out
Trip bangin', known to sneak attack these raps before they get out
I'm the type of nigga that'll serve you on a platter
Like a piece of glass, when I drop it, you shatter
I'm the type of nigga that'll kick your ass (What?)
I'm the type of nigga that's built to last (What?)
Yep, the type the nigga that'll say what's up
To a brother, but a devil would just get fucked up
And it's like that, alright, black? I pick up the mic and strike at your ego
This motherfuckin' negro is awesome
Beat Junkie is the crew, Buckwheat's my name and I'ma sort them
So you better get off my dick
'Cause if you ain't a Beat Junkie, then you ain't said shit
Who is the nigga in charge over here? Who is the nigga in charge?
Who is the nigga in charge over here? Who is the nigga in charge?

You better watch your hide
'Cause this sound ain't big enough for the two of us
It's a must that I bust actually
See, I'm the type of nigga that likes to breathe
And I'm the type of nigga that'll roll my sleeves
Up if there's a tussle, I'm down to kick some butthole
Nigga crash, nigga bash with very little muscle
Hustler in my heart, so I'ma play the part
Of that type of nigga with the ice cold heart
Chilly Willy, don't be silly
I'll take your philly and I'll bone her
Make her disown ya
Change her name to Mona
Put her on my throne, oh yeah
See, I'm the type of the nigga, so you better beware
The nigga is on, I'm putting it on like Al Capone, I'm all that
The only difference between me and Alsy Palsy is I'm Black, jack, king me
No clownin' 'cause I'm crownin' like a tooth
And when I spit my shit, it's one-hundred-ninety proof

Who is the nigga in charge over here? Who is the nigga in charge?
Who is the nigga in charge over here? Who is the nigga in charge?
Well, I shuts 'em down like P.E
That's what they try to be me
I own a size ten in Nike and I kick you in your pee-pee, that's me
I am the one that kicked your daddy in your nuts
That's why your mental state was fucked before you hit your mama's guts
'Cause I'm the nigga and the boss, I flip it and I toss
That time there was a quarter, only a dollar was what they cost
'Cause niggas on my Snoopy like the bird Woodstock
Get your hands off my dick because I hold this cock
It's like I'm waitin' in the distance, resisted from persistence
I'm Dirty Harry and I take your mama just for instance
'Cause I'm the type of nigga to make the fat lady sing
Hour after my flow, she wasn't shocked with my swing
But a little too much weight to be a new jack man
Got more rhythm in my toe than a whole blues band
'Cause when I rock, the people roll, when I recite from my scroll
Play the beat, nigga, forever mind, body, and soul

Um, um, well, excuse me
Um, um, well, excuse me
Um, um, well, excuse me (Who is the nigga in charge over here?)
Um, um, well, excuse me
Um, um, well, excuse me
Um, um, well, excuse me
Um, um
Excuse me, um
Um, well—
Well, excuse me, um
Um
Um
Um
Um
Um, um, well, excuse me, um
Um, well, excuse me, um
Um, um, well, excuse me, um
Um, um, well, excuse me, um
Um5Embed