44 ContributorsWater Break (Interlude) Lyrics
I feel like we should just, you know, keep the world in suspense no longer
Yeah
And you know, just put J. Cole on the spot
Wooooo!
Yeah, is there anyway you can turn me up? Yeah, yeah
We got Roc Nation's first artist in here, J. Cole
Yeah, hey
On the spot
Yeah, there's no way to turn me up?
Got that?
If not, it's all good
Yeah, hey, hey, hey

I bet they never seen him comin'
Like a blind bitch you fuckin' from behind
It's the motherfuckin' dime, bitch I'm fucking up rewind buttons
My shit is jumping like Lebron
Fayettenam on my back like some scratches from your lady
On your mattress where they gave me that
I bet niggas can't wait to pay me back
While they relax, I stay in tip-top shape
And I stay up on my toes like some gym socks, flip-flops
Tell them hater to rehab, kick rocks
Game tight like Ziploc
Half-Black, other half white like Kid Rock
Try to tell it to a cizz-op
Thought it would work, it did not
He told me "Nigga stizz-op, you know you is not"
Wrote the ticket and rizz-ocked
Fuck, this is for hip-hop, gassed up like a quick stop
They lit a fire under my ass nigga my shit hot
Even if you squatted over volcanoes, niggas your shit not
I'm raw, but I kid not
Your shit flop, I give props to the legends
Praise God but I give not to the reverends
Lookin' up to the heavens like
"Where did all my blessings go?" You chase a dream
But then you stop, guess you'll never know
I got a show for you to watch, here's an episode, professional
Set to blow any minute now, many women smile
Look the lights and the action, and the cameras be callin'
You niggas got to log in, bitch, you fantasy ballin'
I snuck up like I planned to be, this ain’t random, we called it
Like once they get a hit of this, they hooked like that Twitter shit
Thought I get a deal and head straight to the dealership
But looking at my deal I probably can't afford benefits
Medical, dental shit, left but I always came
Back like a rent-a-whip, dirty ass game
Dog, I could run a kennel with all these bitch niggas
Who don't lift a finger yet they wanna ride in the limo with
Me, I switch the tempo on them sort of like Timbo on em'
Start talking that "we" shit, I pause Nintendo on 'em (hahaha!)
Start talking that beef shit, I turn to kimbo on em'
I got no words for these niggas I'm instrumental on em'
Yeah! And I'll still keep goin', keep flowin'
You might also like
Woooo! J. Cole! Yeah, J. Cole! Woo!
I don't think he's done, man, we need more
Yeah
I feel like he's not done, (Yeah) I feel like he's not done
He need's more, man5Embed