8 ContributorsMama Gave Birth to the Soul Children Lyrics
Take this mask off!
Take it off!
Take it off, I'll break your damn neck!
Take this mask off!
Take it off! Take it off!
Okay, okay, shit!
Possy, Dovey! (Yes, mama?) Time to get up!
Hello, I'm Queen Latifah, how ya doing?
I hope that you're with this, I hope that you're willing
I want to introduce you to a cut called
"Mama Gave Birth to the Soul Children"

Well here comes the goy (Goy?)
The Tru to the goy
You know the one, the "a Dove-like boy"
Stepping in a step (Step), keeping with a kept (Kept)
Making an appearance with a notty-head set
Lunatics you lose 'cause the Plug 2's sayin'
Peace to the negative, nah, you make the weigh-in
Weigh-in (Weigh-in), weigh-in (Weigh-in), way out of order
If you know you're better, you'd better that you caught a
Waving the mighty peace sign higher than a kite
If you're feeling sick, it's alright, it's fever night
Don't go "Do see do" and dig in no potholes
'Cause if you do we calling in March Patrol
It's no different from the verbal last heard
Cayumbo is the ruler that's bond to the word
He's moving more than three feet, rocking with the knee deep
Dove is going to leave you with a tweet, tweet, tweet
You might also like
Next on the menu, we continue with the pasta
Dipped in chocolate, served with lotsa
Twizzlers and honey, yum, yum, yummy
Lyrics I'm flaunting is good for the tummy
Tiptoeing in, I proceed to the floors
Selling much records like a pimp mover
Excuse me mommy, Pos wins
Cause I'm the A to the Plug W-O-N
Brother freak it live for this tribe
Now let's ride down the highway of vibes
Pushing that we start 'cause the soul says please
Cutting back with the raps and we don't get cheese
Ducks and we sit need to get my 
'Cause preacher is the key to the casual 
Polaroid flicks are back and you will know
That the soul is moving on up like the Jeffersons show

Go mommy! Go mommy! Go mommy!
Go mommy! Go mommy! Go mommy!
Go mommy! Go mommy! Go mommy!
Go mommy! Go mommy! Go mommy!

I'm back, a black queen upon the scene
With a knack for funky tracks, know what I mean?
Prince Paul produces this and it's a fly one
It had to be that way, he's one of my sons
It's a family affair and then we're out of here
There's no doubt here, 'cause this is our year
So flex to a Queen Latifah/De La Soul sound
(Go ahead mama, get down)
It was inevitable that this joint venture would be incredible
We never put ourselves on any pedestal
But the rhyme is so good it's practically edible (Say what?)
So check the sounds of Mama Zulu (Mama Zulu)
As I relay the story untold
And if you're wondering why I got kids so big
They weren't born from the body, they were born from the soul
Go mommy, go mommy, mommy
Mommy, can you teach us how to rhyme?
Just like the rest of the family, baby?
Mommy, mommy, if they try wearing that wig?
Mommy, can we say hi to the family, mommy, please?
Go on, baby
I wanna say hi to my brother Mase
I'd like to say to my Jungle Brothers, Mike G, Afrika, Sammy B
And Q-Tip and Ali-Shaheed Muhammad from Quest, yeah
We have to say hi to our little sister, Monie Love
Yeah, I like that
We'd like to say hi to Grandpa
Yeah, Grandpa Afrika Bambaataa
And Grandma
Grandma 
And we want to say hi to the Flavor Unit
And the Safari Sisters
Come here
And we gotta say hi to Poppa Prop, Red Alert
Oh, hi Red
We have to say to say hi to our big, big, big, big brother, Prince Paul
Yeah, the gouda man
And Mommy, we love you Mommy
I love you too, babyEmbed