15 ContributorsGuilty Conscience (Radio Extra Clean W/New Hook) Lyrics
Meet Eddie, 23 years old. Fed up with life and the way things are going (I'm going fucking insane), he decides to rob a liquor store (I can't take this no more, I can't take it no more, homes). But on his way in he has a sudden change of heart (Shit is mine), and suddenly (I gotta do this) his conscience comes into play (I gotta do this).

Alright, stop (Uh?), now before you walk in the door
Of this liquor store and try to get money out the drawer
You better think of the consequence
(Who are you?) I'm your mo{therfuckin'} conscience!
That's nonsense! Go in, gaffle the money, and run to one of your aunt's cribs
And borrow a damn dress and one of her blond wigs (Can I borrow this?)
Tell her you need a place to stay, you'll be safe for days
If you shave your legs with Renee's razor blades
Yeah, but if it all goes through like it's supposed to
The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you
Think about it before you walk in the door first
Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns
Bump that, do that {shit}! Hit that lick!
Can you afford to blow this hit, are you that rich?
Why'd you care if you scare her to death? Are you that chick?
Do you really think she gives {a fuck} if you have kids?
Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it (You're right!)
Not over this lick (Stop!), drop the biscuit (I will!)
Don't even listen to Slim, yo, he's bad for you
You know what, Dre? I don't like your attitude

These voices, these voices, I hear them
And when they talk, I'll follow, I'll follow
I'll follow, I'll follow all these voices
These voices, I hear them
And when they talk, I'll follow, I'll follow
I'll follow, I'll follow all these
You might also like
Meet Stan, 21 years old. After meeting a young girl at a rave party, things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom. Once again, his conscience comes into play.

Now listen to me, while you're kissin' her cheek
And smearin' her lipstick, slip this in her drink
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little chicken's earlobe
Yo, this girl's only fifteen years old
How could you take advantage of her? She's passed out
It's easy, just cut these lights out, that's how
Then pick this chicken up, get her off Brad's couch
And leave her on the front porch in her mom and dad's house
Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie Kids?
No, but I seen the porno with Sun Doobiest (Doobiest)
D'you wanna get hauled off to jail?
Bump that, drop her off, ring the door bell then bail

These voices, these voices, I hear them
And when they talk, I'll follow, I'll follow
I'll follow, I'll follow all these voices
These voices, I hear them
And when they talk, I'll follow, I'll follow
I'll follow, I'll follow all these

Meet Grady, a 29-year-old construction worker. After coming home from a hard day's work, he walks in the door of his trailer park home to find his wife in bed with another man.
Alright, calm down, relax, start breathin'
Start breathin', man? You just caught your wife cheatin'
While you at work she's with some dude tryin' to get off
Forget gettin' divorced, cut this chicken's head off!
Wait, what if there's a good explanation for this?
What, she tripped, fell, landed on his {dick}?
Alright, Shady, maybe he's right, Grady
But think about the baby before you get all crazy
Okay, thought about it? Still wanna grab her?
Kick her out the house, get your daughter and kidnap her?
That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes?
(What you say?) What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember?
(I'ma kill you, you little m{otherfucker}!) Huh-uh, temper, temper
Mr. Dre, Mr. N.W.A, Mr. AK
Comin' straight outta Compton, y'all better make way
How in the hell you gonna tell this man not to be violent?
'Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went
Been there, done that
{Aw, fuck it,} what am I sayin'?
{Do 'em both, Grady! Where's your gun at?}Embed