27 ContributorsWhat’s On Your Mind Lyrics
I seen her in the subway, on my way to Brooklyn
"Hello, good lookin', is this seat tooken?"
On the A-train, pickin' at her brain
I couldn't get her number, I couldn't get her name (I'm curious!)
I said I still like your style of fashion
But I hate your high saddity attitude with a passion
Is it because brothers like to hawk a lot?
Is it because you're shy and don't talk a lot?
She turned away, no play, I said okay
You don't really look good, I hope you have a bad day
Sat back, relaxed though the ride was tight
I was thinkin' of the rhymes I wrote last night
Next stop was mine, a familiar scene
I was meetin' my friend Killer Ben in Fort Greene
Where the girls are real, and tell ya how they feel
If you're soft, you're soft, or if you're hard like steel
See, I don't bend, and I won't rust
And I don't break, and I won't bust
Stomped up the street, and did I hear a treat?
Hard high heels tappin' on the concrete
I took a peek, it was the girl from the train behind me
Did she live in the area? Was she tryin' to find me?
Hmm.. I didn't wanna play myself out
I played it off, stopped and I bought a Guinness Stout
Now, was she shy? She didn't walk by
She came in the store, and she even said "Hi"
Curiosity, at a high velocity
Maybe possibly, she had the hots for me
I said if we're playin' games, then we're gonna play mine
I'mma lay the rules 'cause it ain't much time
If you hide your feelings, and they hard to find
I wanna know what's on your mind
You might also like

About a week went by and I called her — "Hello"
I said "Yo, can I speak to, um..",  she said "No"
"Hey, yo, I know I didn't call, I didn't wanna stress you
Go out my way to impress you, press to undress you"
See, I wanna get to know you
So I can show you what a strong relationship can grow to
But you gotta trust me, and you're gonna love me
Squeeze the phone and hug me, use your mind to rub me
Now, how does it feel when my mental massage ya temple
Telephone's hot from the vibes that I sent you
Now tell me your inner thoughts and deepest emotions
Next you see ecstasy's explosions
Now I'm comin' to see you to spend some time
I'm a romantic warrior, but is it a crime?
And if you hide your feelings and they hard to find
I wanna know what's on your mind

I wanna know what's on your mind

Now it's been months and it's smooth and lovely
I'm in your head so you'll be thinkin' of me
So we met in Queens and went to Valley Streams
And, uh, couldn't remember the movie we just seen
But it's Wednesday, take the train uptown
How do 125th street sound?
Amateur night, Showtime at the Apollo
Probably be watchin' Bill Cosby tomorrow
Then after that get into it, I mean intimate
Every word is an instrument
Makin' sounds and tones and songs and moans
My lips so close to your ear, it's like headphones
She smiled and said "You never know what the day will bring
It's always a new song to sing"
The next day, I went back to her rest
Knocked on the door, intentions — finesse
She let me in and had nothin' but a negligee on
Smellin' like Liz Claiborne
I sat down and got comfortable and watched the Huxtables
She sat next to me and said "What's up wit' you?"
I got the feelin' for sexual healin'
A mental healin', how you feelin'?
She caught the effect and said she feel the same
Could you massage my intellect and stop the pain?
Desire's yearnin', the fire's burnin'
You hot 'cause it's a lot you're learnin'
Now I'm ready to explore you inner world
It's take a long time 'cause I'm just beginnin', girl
Take it easy, cut off the TV
Cut off the lights, use your mind to see me
Use your physical form if I'm hard to find
'Cause now I know what's on your mind9Embed