74 ContributorsLegacy Lyrics
You
You, you, you, you, you
You, you, you
How do you want to be remembered?
Just being rich?
Yeah, yeah

Uh
Visions of seeing myself as someone different
Reality got me feeling indifferent
I'm lifting this weight off my shoulder
But hold up, older I get
I reload the clip and sip on something
I feel good for nothing
All my glory days behind me or beyond me
I’m folding like origami
My tables turning like interior decorators
Levels like elevators
These haters got me questioning my judgement
Tried by a jury of my peers, but where the judge went?
What will my legacy be?
Who will my enemy be?
In due time as I write this rhyme
I don't know
Flash before my eyes
Yeah, uh
You might also like
And on my deathbed what will I say as I pray?
And reminisce of another day, uh
I came from nothing, a child born in poverty
Went to college to gain knowledge
So they would acknowledge me
Honestly, I got a good job
I found a woman, made her my wife
But spent more time at work
So we could have a stable life
And when my son was born
I had to work even harder
Before I knew it, now my wife was giving birth to my daughter
Went from 40 hours a week to 80
Ain't nobody gon’ pay me but myself
Sacrifice my time and my health, for wealth
I missed a birthday, miss an anniversary
There's lots of people in this world that's worse than me
I wasn't there for my son's first words
But he ain't grow up in the hood like me, we in the burbs
Sacrifice a couple years, he could have all the money when I'm gone
What a fool I was
I missed his graduation, I missed her wedding day
I didn't even get to give my little girl away
But I paid for the honeymoon, yeah, I paid for the honeymoon
I’m not there right now but I will be later
I’m working on something that's greater
That’s my legacy
Uh, I'm gon' be remembered by generations to come
Damn, you dumb
You won't be remembered by your son
Uh, yeah
To be remembered by generations to come
You a fool
You won’t be remembered by your son
"Nonsense, nonsense!"
I said to the man with no money, nonsense, uh, uh
Step back who running from me I don't know my own identity
I look in the mi-look in the mi-the mirror, I ain't clearer
I'm just trying to be free— who is that? It surely ain't me
As I lay on my deathbed, I realized I was wrong
I have been the richest man in the world all along
A beautiful family that all I did was ignore
For financial stability and fear of being poor
'Cause when I was a child, knew I always wanted more
When I was a child, knew I always wanted more, more, more
And now I got it, uh
And now I'm laying in this bed; cancer spreading through my lungs
Looking at my family like "Damn, y'all were the ones"
I sacrificed my life for 100's, 50's, 20's, 10's, 5's, and 1's
So dumb, I'd give it all if I could
Do it for my heart again, not my wallet
I hate to recall it but it's gone now—legacy is gone now
Sacrifice my health for wealth, no, it wasn't worth it
But as I take my last breath, I know that I deserved it

Daddy, Daddy, Daddy, Daddy
The legacy you gon' leave behind you forever is the blood in your veins
Wake up, Daddy, now is the time for change
And as your child I'm telling you I don't give a damn if we living on change, Daddy
Just as long as we livin'
Just as long as we livin', Daddy
I just want to be happy, I don't give a damn if we live in a shoebox
Now my mama gon' tell you what you got
I love you, I love you, I love you, I want you, I need you, I crave you
Why you throw away this pussy that I gave you?
Why you fucking 'round behind my back
While I'm home raising my children?
Feel like a single mother even though a ring up on it
Supposed to be husband and wife, you more like my opponent
Finger fucking myself 'cause fuck infidelity
I'd rather look in the mirror be happy who I see
Sometimes I want to take my babies and go to my mama crib
Can I live?
Can I have a life away from my life?
Be the woman that I would have been if I wasn't your wife?
You know I love 'em—but if that test wasn't positive
I woulda had a lot to give
Sometimes I want to divorce your ass and take half
Motherfucker
But I stay 'cause I love these children
And I love you deep down, that's why I stick around, but
You never there
'Cause you just want to be the best
You just want to make this money, uh
Come get this pussy, motherfucker
Come get this pussy and love your children
Fuck your legacy
Fuck it

Float in the abyss of nothingness
My consciousness remembers a life before it hits black
I wish that I could get back and then I realize that all this shit is just a daydream
And there's only like four of us on the tour bus
And I'm in the back, how 'bout that?
Thinkin' 'bout my legacy
And how we as human beings sacrifice health for money
Ain't it funny?
'Cause in the end, we spend all our money on repairing our body and mind
When we really should have just spent time
Fuck a legacy
I'ma go live my life
Peace20Embed