25 ContributorsFind Ya Wealth Lyrics
Crime, life, bitches, money
Time..
For my Bravehearts.. my Bravehearts
Uhh, uhh, uhh.. what, what, what?
One time.. two times..

From "Breaking Atoms" to "Illmatic", to goin' platinum
Shit did change course since rippin' it with Main Source
Nine-one, nine-two, time flew
Out of the blue, time for a new young king to rule
Younger frame, older state of mind
Find my name on a page in your Qu'ran, I learned that, in '89
When I was slingin' cocaine and baby 9's
Put it in rap and I gave y'all a way to rhyme
God guides us, from public assistance to high rises
Condos, houses where y'all can't find us
Move on your cliques in silence, and wet it up
My meal everyday was a slice and 7-Up
Took advice from a street legend
Identities have been changed, to protect the innocent
Witnessin' niggas' mistakes, visits at niggas' wakes
'Cause jealousy infiltrates and seals your fate

Look way deep inside yourself
Discover the diamond inside, find ya wealth
Once you get it, you gotta live it, then live it!
Niggas never wanna see you with it, FUCK THEM THO'
Niggas can't come close enough to touch the dough
The lifestyle I live is untouchable
So we clutch a few, guns that'll touch your crew
'Cause we learned to do what the hustlers do
You might also like
Different ways to come out the hood: In cuffs or a casket are crazy
Or shootin three pointer baskets, or maybe
It's the rap shit, all type of tactics
We use to get dough, some choose kickin' in doors
I asked a reverend, my mother and a best friend
Less than ten years ago for me to get dough
What y'all recommend is either dope weed or blow
'Cause high school was slow, and jewelry was hot
Duckin' truancy cops, trains I hopped, to make it downtown
Cisco in my veins, pissed between trains
Canal Street, just lookin' at rings
Outside through a glass, went in the store and asked
How much it cost, Korean man brushin' me off
For some other big time customer, probably a hustler
Who looked down at my small chain and chuckled up
I said, "I'll be just like you soon, motherfucker, what?!"

Look way deep inside yourself
Discover the diamond inside, find ya wealth
Once you get it, you gotta live it, then live it!
Niggas never wanna see you with it, FUCK THEM THO'
Niggas can't come close enough to touch the dough
The lifestyle I live is untouchable
So we clutch a few, guns that'll touch your crew
'Cause we learned to do what the hustlers do
To them niggas who get life and throw a smile at the judge
Wildest thugs, who blow trial, exiled from the hood
Keepin' bitches, comin' through on visits
You will survive, them weak freaks think you finished
You first time in you known for poppin' your toast
By your third year in, you forgotten by most
Niggas wife cut them out of they life, niggas don't write
Friends actin like they don't be gettin' your kites
It be ill, niggas comin' home and no time, they get killed
Not even home a month and they get peeled, backwards
In they own backyard or in the park
One to the head, two to the heart, you should be smart
In the projects, who gon' die next?
Hoodrats know who let the gats blow and who keep cash flow
Like the niggas know the rats, with some good asshole
Blunts be a good-ass roll while passin' your 'dro

Look way deep inside yourself
Discover the diamond inside, find ya wealth
Once you get it, you gotta live it, then live it!
Niggas never wanna see you with it, FUCK THEM THO'
Niggas can't come close enough to touch the dough
The lifestyle I live is untouchable
So we clutch a few, guns that'll touch your crew
'Cause we learned to do what the hustlers do
Feel me?
One time, huh, two times, uhh, uhh, uhh
What, what, what? Uhh, uhh, uhh..Embed