63 ContributorsStreet Dreams II Lyrics
Uh, suddenly I'm in the whip, with the gat, full clip
Out the blue, like a crip, doin' 90 on the backroad
Outta nowhere my girl hit me on the bat phone
I could hear it in her voice, know she just wasn't alone
Then a voice I didn't recognize
Said "If you wanna' see your wife alive, bring a million in cash and she's gonna survive"
Look at the clock, pitch black, it's 11:05
Hung up the phone, you know I put that shit in hyper-drive
Then I call my homie 6ix to tell him I'ma need his help
I'ma be outside in five, get the gat under ya belt
Then I felt the sweat from my palm on the steering wheel
I tried to shake it, man, I can't believe this shit is real
Heart pumping on the 101, this shit right here ain't no fun
Live and die by the gun, get you some
Yeah, I pull up to the crib, pick up 6ix, now we out this bitch
Only thing that's on my mind is "Put this fucker in a ditch"
Soon as I get there, boy, I'm lightin' up that ass
I'ma fill him with lead and they never finna count the cash
'Til I look up at the dash and realize I'm out of gas
So I stopped at the station, piss like probation
Tell my boy to fill up as I head inside to pay
Open the door and see a white guy at the counter named Clay
Pull out a 50 and told him to hurry
He movin' slow like he ain't got a worry in the world
And a attitude; maybe I was actin' rude
Hold up, if the person you love was kidnapped, what would you do?
He saw my gat in my jacket and froze
I told him I ain't want no problem but he chose
To reach for the shotty anyway, so I blew him away
Just tryna get some gas, now his brain's blast (uh)
Frozen, thinkin' 'bout what just happened, now it's in the past
Jump in the whip 0 to 60, yeah, we out fast
See that red and blue flash, damn, the cops is on my ass (*Sirens*)
Hear them sirens, flashing lights in my rear view
This shit like a movie in a theater near you
120 now, I feel like OJ
(The cops are gonna get us)
No they won't, everything will be okay
Swerve left, swerve right, now they almost out of sight
Finna pull under the bridge, they won't spot me here at night
Slow it down, play it cool, mama, she ain't raised no fool
Sit back, breathe slow, (Holy shit!), there they go
Man they found us, I don't know how but they came around us
Fuck the police, no, they never do astound us
In the back of my mind, I know I gotta get the cash
It's in my secret stash, wish I had another path
Out the window I can hear the bullets blast, wish I had a mask (*Gunshots*)
Make it to the crib, that's my only task
Adrenaline in my body, could take on anybody
Coming down to the wire, they blew my tire then we flip
You might also like
*Car crash*
Freeze you motherfucker! (*Gunshots*)
6ix, come on get up!
I'm shot, I'm shot! What? I'm shot! (*Gunshots*)
Get the fuck on the ground!
Aww, fuck, fuck!
They got me!

He bleedin' slow, blood dripping from his torso
Will he ever get to see his son grow?
What's the picture they gon' paint after he go?
Last song he ever sung when the bullet hit his lung
Man, I shoulda never called, he'd be alive if he ain't come
All he tried to do was help save my wife
Wish I could've saved his life, I wish I could take it back
Now my best friend's life curtain call, fade to black
It just ain't no turning back, pulled out the gat
And put a bullet through the man in blue and it came out his back
Jump in the whip, no looking back
First time in the front seat of that white and black
Side streets through the city, ain't nobody fucking with me
Yeah, you know I had to duck 'em all, screamin' "Motherfuck the law"
Next thing I saw was a block from my crib
Thinkin' 'bout my shorty, she my rib
Pull up in the driveway
No cops in sight but just might somehow pull up my way
Open the stash, get the cash, now I'm back out
So I put the Audi in reverse and then I back out
Look at the addy in the text with my girl whereabouts
Five minutes later, now I'm creeping in a warehouse
Lot of goons, lot of guns, now I'm shooting just for fun
I don't give a fuck where they come from, I'm killing everyone
Finally make it to the back, all alone, pitch black
Hear a sound, what was that? Think it came from over there
Lights on, now I see my wife, she's tied up to a chair
With a gun to her head and a man gripping her hair
All I did was stop and stare, he took the gag out of her mouth
And she started calling my name (Bobby!) but didn't seem to be in pain
Really shaken up (Bobby!), I felt like I was waking up
So I shot him quick in the neck and he hit the floor (Bobby)
Before I untied her, I shot him four more times
Put a bullet in his spine, was he dead? (Bobby!) Let's see (Bobby!)
Staring at the man, gun in his hand, it couldn't be (Bobby!)
The man who kidnapped my wife (Bobby!) was me (Bobby!)
Bobby!
What? What—what?
Man, get your ass up nigga, we at the studio!
Say what?
Damn, man. C'mon, hurry up, man! What's wrong with you?
Wake up, here. Come on
Wait, we're at the studio right now? We're here already?
Damn, man, since you started smoking weed you always fucking late!
Man, shut the fuck up Kev
Stoney Bob neck ass23Embed