81 ContributorsSun God Sam & The California Drug Deals Lyrics
Compose yourself, like a self-aware opera
Conjurer, in the zone like Sonic to
Produce me a sign of the end-times
In time to make profit off the T-shirts
And monetize all the research
And leave Earth feet-first
Breech, behold
Whites get whiter in the cold
And colors don't fade in the bleach, hah
Applause then fall through a man-made south
Talking to a doll at the pancake house
Then bring the lightsaber-ers
So bring the lampshades out, mood
To say something lewd on the news
And move like views on a cruise
And fuse like Q’s into U's
Ah, ooh, ah, ooh

Which side are you on?
Am I getting warmer? Cause I can't hold on
Are you close to me? Sunset so long
And can you call me? Cause I lost my phone
Should I wait for you? Or should I go home?
I can’t function, these drugs are too strong
I'm seeing stars now, but I'm still unknown
Out here alone, sunset so long, so long
You might also like
Mates for life, chillin' like space with ice
High as a cape
Snakes hiss, like air at the Sinclair
When you put it in they face like skin care
But they just egg 'em on like a hen chair
I've done that, I've been there
This a comeback, let me unpack
And unwrap souvenirs
Free as a speech on the untapped
Flat like time on the run
Why you bring a holster to a gun rack?
That's the alpha and omega, that’s the vodka and the vomit
Why you playin’ soccer with the Sonics?
That's a iPod to the Amish
You should get involved with the honest
Where everything’s honored like Elijah Muhammad
Mixed with the pontiff, hooked on phonics
Let's be liars, that's not chronic
Condone Islamic, and it's haunted, ay

Which side are you on?
Am I getting warmer? And I can’t hold on
Are you close to me? Sunset so long
And can you call me? Cause I lost my phone
Should I wait for you? Or should I go home?
I can't function, these drugs are too strong
Stro-, stro-, stro-, stro-, stro-, stro-, stro-, stro-
Stro-, stro-, stro-, stro-, stro-, stro-, stro-, stro-
Stro-, stro-, stro-, stro-, stro-, stro-
(I've always loved you)

Sun god Sam and the California drug deals
Rain drop Wayne and the Bangkok love bills
Hoin', she knows that I'm crooked like Owen
But still goin' like a paradox, parasite, know it ain't right
Whether it's fair or not she knows that I'm horny like Triceratops
Together, but separated like a pair of socks
Wow, like Pac using both hands
And his head is the O
I only follow escorts now, call it sticking to the program
Fucking all the police addicted to the pole dance
C'm'here like Pol Pot
You love it over here like gold watch
I would treat the box like it's UPS, I would treat the box like a sneakerhead
If you shake and throw it like a match with a cigarette
Then drop it like a match on a gas trail
Fix another round for the mob, you the bomb
Like Jihad, up and down 'til the guards of the back fell
Still wanna, put my meat up in your V like I'm Maxwell
Stick a fork in it, dog, it's important to y'all
But it's pork in it so it ain't important at all
Saw an underground lair with a torch in the hall
When unfortunate calls from the horoscope cards
And the fortunes and balls
Outfit so small, saw a portion of drawers
Carrera slide off the track and put the Porsche in the wall
Like skrt, skrt, skrt, skrt, skrt, skrt
Which side are you on?
Am I getting warmer? Cause I can't hold on
Are you close to me? Sunset so long
And can you call me? Cause I lost my phone
Should I wait for you? Or should I go home?
I can't function, these drugs are too strong
I'm seeing stars now, but I'm still unknown
Out here alone, sunset so long, so long15Embed