3 ContributorsThings We Do Lyrics
I don't wanna hear no complaining
'Cause you niggas already know how I get man
You niggas cannot punk 'round here
What the fuck, you think it's different 'cause it's music?
Nah, man, fuck that, man

Close your eyes - see the shooters, see the money in the bag
See the D's in the unmarked on a nigga ass
See 62 on the plate when niggas bag up
Scrape the plate my nigga, everything add up
I'm hungry, like I been missing a meal
Back writing like I need me a deal, I'll show you the steel
It's a jux, nigga, feel the chill
Up your spine, I'm a menace for real, I blast to kill
Leave your brains on the dash and wheel
Mix the kush with the hash and chill, let's talk bread
Them niggas in the way of the money, let's shoot ahead
The rest of them suckers'll scattered, they don't matter
I'm trying to get my head right, I'm buggy like my head lights
Big Benz, big friends, bitch get in
I blow twenty on the chain, ten at the dice game
We used to be the same, now we not alike mane, c'mon

The thiiiings you dooooooooo...
Makes meeeeeee keep running to yoooouuuu!
(Run to me now, baby, come on, run to me now, baby, come on)
The thiiiings you dooooooooo...
(Run to me now, baby, come on, run to me now, baby, come on)
Makes meeeeeee keep running to yoooouuuu!
(Run to me now, baby, come on, run to me now, baby, come on)
You might also like
I like my bitches fast just like the Porsches
Switch gears, riding like 500 horses
You're now rocking with the boss of the bosses
My wrist glist so sick, I leave a nigga nauseous
That's the Hublot, what's that you got?
I rock that on Monday, you'll have that one day
Follow my footsteps, you know I move proper
So what you got a chopper? Nigga, I got a chopper
Mines ain't got no wheels, what's the deal?
Propellers propel, I'm on the top of New York
Top of the food chain, nigga, talking my talk
Success is my addiction, you should take a hit of this {HAHA!}
I'm down for the friction, you start it I'll finish it
Victim? Pick 'em - knife work, stick 'em
Chrome Colt, pop 'em - hollow tip, drop 'em
It won't be long 'fore you're going dying now, watch 'em
(Come on! Come on!)

The thiiiings you dooooooooo...
Makes meeeeeee keep running to yoooouuuu!
(Run to me now, baby, come on, run to me now, baby, come on)
The thiiiings you dooooooooo...
(Run to me now, baby, come on, run to me now, baby, come on)
Makes meeeeeee keep running to yoooouuuu!
(Run to me now, baby, come on, run to me now, baby, come on)
Yeah, after the drought it's the flood
It's strategic, man, I planned it
Now follow my footsteps, you know I move proper
Let me inspire you, let me make you wanna win
Let's take it to the top, baby
I wanna say something to make you hungry
Don't let nobody fuck up your vibe, man
Coming in with that negative bullshit, we don't wanna hear it
How they gon' stop a hustler from hustling?
Man, 'til next time, 502Embed