92 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolHigh Lyrics
And I'm gonna be high (hi-i-i-i-i-i-igh)
I'm a rocket man, I'm a rocket man, hey!
And I'm gonna be hi-i-i-i-i-i-igh
I'm a rocket man (hi-i-i-i-i-i-igh)

Atlanta by my side
Different land for my kind (Thugger!)
Spend ol' bands for my pa (racks)
Spend ol' bands for my mother (I'm a rocket man)
Got a plan for my brother (hey)
Chanel bag for my lover (hey)
Fuck them ol' niggas, they ol' suckas (hey)
They tellin' on one another (and I'm gonna be-)
I want a train, let's run a train (okay)
If she wan' bang, then let her bang (hey)
He said he bleeding, where the stain? (where is it?)
My bitch at the top of food chains (I'm a rocket man)
They local, I don't even know they name (no)
I been fresh since a kid, ain't never plain
I just picked up a bag in Rotterdam
I'ma whip out the MAC and pop ya brain
(And I'm gonna be-)
I do what I want and shawty can't (yeah)
I do what I feel and shawty cannot
I'm diggin', I digg and shawty layin' (Thugger)
And all of the bitches say they digg that (I'm a rocket man)
From Maine way to Spain (woo)
All I got is a chicken for the thots (yeah)
I take off like a plane-
You might also like
And I'm gonna be high (super geeked!)
Like a rocket man, hey, like a rocket man, he-ey!
And I'm gonna be hi-i-i-i-i-i-igh
I'm a rocket man (hi-i-i-i-i-i-igh)
High as a plane! From Spain to Maine, you know what I'm sayin'? Damn

On a private order (yeah)
I'm a rocket launcher (yeah)
It gotta be the pride of something (bet)
I walked out Magic stumbling (I'm a rocket man, woah)
I stumble upon a mil' (yeah)
I stumble upon a million five
I spent a fortune all on double seals
If I tell you the numbers you'll probably cry (And I'm gonna be-)
If I tell you you fake then you'll probably die
These days if he say that he hit then he probably lyin'
(I'm a rocket man, woah)
If you say you got wings and some fish then you probably fried (that's deep)
Got my karats out of Bonnie & Clyde (woo! And I'm gonna be-)
She let me back in like she never cried
She let me back in like I never lied
I look like a cat with 11 lives
I really kick shit you can ask a fly (I'm a rocket man)
I'm steady chasing like I'm never tired
I'm living scary like a haunted house
Lil mama sexy, I got butterflies, hey
And I'm gonna be high (hi-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-igh)
I'm a rocket man, I'm the rocket man, hey! (yeah! yeah!)
And I'm gonna be hi-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-igh-igh, yea-yeah
I'm a rocket man
Hi-i-i-i-i-i-i-i-igh (ye-yea-yea-yeaah, yeah, yea-ah)

And I'm gonna be high
I'm a rocket man31Embed