213 Contributors100 Miles and Running Lyrics
Woo, woo, yeah
Alright, here we go
Yeah yeah, yeah

Money on my mind, so I'm too paid
Real all the time, never Kool-Aid, sippin' on D'usse, sike
Came a long way from G'burg
Puttin' in work like Ferg
New York to L.A., Hawaii and Japan
I'm the motherfuckin' man, 'least I'm feelin' like I am
Got the whole wide world in the palm of my hand
But don't give a goddamn, I'm Sam-I-Am
What that even mean? I don't know what you talkin' 'bout
Why nowadays everybody got a palm out?
PLP, yeah that be me and that be what I rhyme 'bout
I have arrived, all you rappers are in timeout
RattPack, where you at? (Everywhere worldwide!)
I know you been waitin' for this world to collide
B. O. double B. Y., H. A. L. L., and Folarin
'Bout to take it back like Doc and Marty inside the DeLorean
I am no historian, but here to make my predecessors proud
All you bitch niggas not allowed?
I put it on everything, I really want a cop out
But I did good for a dropout
Hop out the coupe, chicken heads go crazy
Gotta sound swag when the flow get lazy
What up? What good? Where you at? What you been on?
Anybody steppin' to me, promise they get shit on
Better hop up on the train 'fore you miss the chance to—
Hop up on the—hop up on the train 'fore you miss the chance to get on
Mixtape Bobby, that's the type of shit I spit on
Woo!
You might also like
And it's on now
Everybody know that it's on now (I'll be damned)
Get in the zone now
Ohh, no, no, no (I'll be damned)
I said it's on now
Everybody know that it's on now (I'll be damned)
Ohh, get in the zone now
Ohh, no, no, no

Everybody alive, everybody alive
Everybody that's listening to this feelin' alive
Come on now feel the vibe, come on now feel the vibe
Come on now, come on now, come on now, you gotta survive
Everybody alive, everybody alive
Everybody that's listening to this feelin' alive
Come on now feel the vibe, come on now feel the vibe
Come on now, come on now, come on now, you gotta survive
I said you gotta survive, gotta survive
Gotta survive, I said you gotta survive
Gotta survive, gotta survive (Wale though)
Gotta survive, I said you gotta survive (Yeah, RattPack, Blue Moon)

Uh, smooth criminal, Mike Jack
Throw a subliminal, put your woman in black dress
They was in Timberlands, I was reppin' them Nike boots
'Member them nights that momma couldn't come right back
I'm on the path right now, put the plight on the mic
If I write mine down, I incite my crowd
I put Solbiato down (wholetime, wholetime!)
Used to go to Mark Twain, Mo County co-signed me
Got many flows that any ho would vouch for
I got many foes cause many hoes be out for
Had the Penny Foams, remember those was copper
Had so many homies talkin' 'bout, "How you got those?"
I'm Phil Knight in real life, I'm real Nike
It's flight club in my house, they not like me
More than likely they ain't got the heart to fight me
It's a lie, somebody seein' me needs some Visine, yeah
Let me let it breathe
Saint Laurent level, weather never worry me
I'm well aware they be wildin’ when they talkin' me
They bitches in the ballot but whenever I be on the scene, oh
Hammers in the Uber, I be limousine though
Diamonds lookin' fluke but I got the same glow
And I got a juice back around the way though
My chain like a penguin's Pellegrino (woo!)
We cold, we cold
Used to be in LakeForest with the Kobe fro
Eddie Bauer coat, Foams and a load of dope
Boat load of white hoes I sold it to nigga
I was tryna survive, tryna survive
I was tryna survive, yeah, yeah
I was tryna provide, I was tryna survive
I put it down every time
Got some niggas alive, I got some niggas that not
Pour a little of brown liquor and look in the sky
Been the talk of the town, nigga, Virginia, Maryland
Did it all for the capital, hope you haven't forgot
Hoes love me a lot, niggas hate me a lil
Anybody can hear me for real give me they props
Hookin' up with a couple models, nobody's gon' try to play us
The motto is get your paper and make you a lot
Pulling up with the Young Sinatra, I'm looking like Sammy Davis
The MGM or the Vegas to shake up the rocks
And the Stadium poppin', the Palladium poppin'
It's a fifty a place nigga, she thinkin' about it
I'll be damned
And it's on now
Everybody know that it's on now (I'll be damned)
Get in the zone now
Ohh, no, no, no (I'll be damned)
I said it's on now
Everybody know that it's on now (I'll be damned)
Ohh, get in the zone now
Ohh, no, no, no

Everybody alive, everybody alive
Everybody that's listening to this feeling alive
Come on now feel the vibe, come on now feel the vibe
Come on now, come on now, come on now, you gotta survive
Everybody alive, everybody alive
Everybody that's listening to this feeling alive
Come on now feel the vibe, come on now feel the vibe
Come on now, come on now, come on now, you gotta survive
I said you gotta survive, gotta survive
Gotta survive, I said you gotta survive
Gotta survive, gotta survive
Gotta survive, I said you gotta survive

Uh, woo, goddammit, I'm back at it
Never out of breath like an asthmatic, I done had it
For this shit, I'm an addict, back in Maryland livin' in the attic
Flowin' erratic, bringin' the static, bustin' like an automatic
I'm badder than the baddest and madder than the maddest
My flow the fattest, hotter than a desert in Nevada
None of the badder, fuck all the chitter and chatter, none of it matter
Pull the trigger and listen to the pitter and patter, let 'em shatter
'Cause I'm rippin' and livin' and strivin', the killer
The Ripper, he callin', we'll go and he'll flow and you know
He pursuin' it, doin' it, movin' it, groovin' it, stoppin' it, rockin' it
Talkin' it, walkin' it, flippin' it, rippin' it, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
Goddammit, I'm back at it
Never outta breath like an asthmatic, I done had it
For this shit, I'm an addict, back in Maryland livin' in the static
Flowin' erratic, bringin' the static, bustin' like an automatic
I'm badder than the baddest and madder than the maddest
My flow the fattest, hotter than a desert in Nevada
None of the badder, fuck all the chitter and chatter, none of it matter
Pull the trigger and listen for the pitter patter, let 'em shatter
I'm rippin' and livin' and strivin' the killer
The Ripper, he call and we'll go and he flow and you know
He pursuin' it, doin' it, movin' it, groovin' it, stoppin' it, rockin' it
Talkin' it, walkin' it, flippin' it, rippin' it, no motherfuckin' script, no
I'm rippin' and livin', strivin' the killer
Ripper, he callin', we'll go and he flow
Listen, rippin' and livin' and strivin' the killer, the-
Alright, we gon' do this one more time (Listen listen)
I'm rippin' and livin' and strivin', the killer
The Ripper, he call and we'll go and he flow and you know
He pursuin' it, doin' it, movin' it, groovin' it, stoppin' it, rockin' it, talkin' it, walkin' it
Flippin' it, rippin' it, no mother to fuck up his script, no, no, no, no, no, no, no!
This what we gon' do right now
I'ma test my syllable ability, you know what I'm sayin'?
I like to call this shit my syllability
I've been sippin' on this tequila right now
This one of the last songs we recording for this motherfucker
So I'ma really gonna go off on y'all right now
We gon' do this shit in one breath, alright?
This ain't no bullshit, this ain't-, nah, nah, nah, nah
This ain't no editin', we gon' do it like this
Are y'all ready? (Yeah)
No, no, no, no, are y'all ready? (Yeah!)

I'm rippin' and livin' and strivin' to kill it
The Ripper, he'll call and we'll go and he flow and you know
He pursuin' it, doin' it, movin' it, groovin' it
Stoppin' it, rockin' it, talkin' it, walkin' it
Flippin' it, rippin' it
Like the motherfuckin' script and I'm ready to go
When I buy it then break it, roll it (Daaaaaamn!)
Then lick it and smoke it, choke on it later, yeah
Slicin' emcees like Darth Vader
Decapitate a hater the second I spit it

Say hell yeah (Hell yeah!)
Say hell yeah (Hell yeah!)
Say hell yeah (Hell yeah!)
Say hell yeah (Hell yeah!)
Say hell yeah78Embed