96 ContributorsThank You Lyrics

This concludes the program—

Damn man, we been walking forever...

Well, Thalia's tracking system says we'll be there in just over an hour...

Shit, at least we got good walking music—or is that it?

(laughing)
No man, I'm queueing up the fourth album now—his final one...

Nigga, what the hell are you talkin' bout?
Man, he has like a million albums!

I mean the final Young Sinatra, the fourth one.

Aww, shit man, you had me trippin'!
I was about to say...
You might also like
(Yeah, yeah) Let's get back to this boom bap shit.

Yeah, so we just gon' let this shit breathe one time
Shout-out my boy Henry right here in the studio
Aye, yeah—
Check, check, mic check, one, two
Alright this is classic shit, yeah

I coulda never imagine that this shit here could happen
Went from the basement to thirty million just off of rappin'
Young Sinatra, that boy that brought you so many classics
Ain't never comin' with nothin' less than the illest tactics
Thought the series was over, but we just gettin' started
I won't ever leave this rap shit, no I can't depart it
From the trap to the boom bap
To Young Sinatra to Tarantino
We know he do that
Bitch, I got the flame, who dat?
I'm the new Kanye when they was like "Who Kanye?"
I got that fire in my soul to make these classics, ayy
I decided to write this letter on a private jet
'Cause in many ways it still feel like I ain't made it yet
For every goal I attain, I set like ten more
But I had to take a break to write you, that's for sure
Take a moment and celebrate how we all alive
Had to write this letter here over a Nujabes vibe
Fuck that rapper shit, fuck a punchline
This for every single fan that know every single line
So I'm saying thank you for loving me
For setting me free and letting me be me
Thank you, thank you
For letting me speak my mind
And putting it all on the line
Through the sunshine and the rain
Through the good times and the pain
And never staying the same
And having the courage to change
Through the sunshine and the rain
Through the good times and the pain
For never staying the same
And having the courage to change
Thank you, thank you
For letting me speak my mind
And putting it all on the line
Through the sunshine and the rain
Through the good times and the pain
For never staying the same
And having the courage to change
Through the sunshine and the rain
Through the good times and the pain
For never staying the same
And having the courage to change
Aye, what's up Logic, big love out here from Jonathan U.S. Navy out here in Japan. Much love for my boy Oscar. Keep us going every day
Yo, Logic I'm Shane E. from Pueblo, Colorado and I just can't since about 2014. I love every one of your projects
It's Yiana from Australia and honestly, I'm so excited for Young Sinatra IV. You've been an amazing inspiration to me. I just wanna say thank you so much
This is Seif from Egypt. Yo, I love your music man. Everything about it's so inspirational. I just love the way you look at things and how real you are. I love listening to you. Take care, man
Yo, what up Logic. It's Max calling from Alberta, Canada. I just wanted to say your music has really inspired me and has always got me feeling up when times were down
Hey, Logic, it's Michael from Israel and I'm a really big fan of yours. I love you so much and I love your music. Keep doing what you're doing. Thank you very much
Diego Sepúlveda from Puerto Rico. And your music to me helps me get through everything
I'm Francis from Botswana, in Africa. Your music really means a lot to me, thank you for always being you, peace, love, and positivity
Hey, I'm Deborah from Hong Kong, and I just want to say that your music has lifted my soul in such tough times and it told me that anyone from anywhere could be anything they want to be
My name is Ali, I come from Jamaica. Yo, your music helped me through some whole heap of dark times. Down here in a third world country it's rough, but, hey your music helped me get through. Yeh, RattPack, RattPack for life yute, Young Sinatra yute, yeh
Hey, Logic it's Chester and I'm from Silver City, New Mexico and Paige, producer for him, from Silver City, Mexico. We love you! We love you Logic
My name is Abdulla, I'm from Palestine, I just want to say that your music is so inspiring to all the youth in the Middle East, and Asia, and all around the world
It's Eric Khaled from Canada, Alberta, Sturgeon Lake, little reserve, repping all my native homies
It's Katie from Portland, Maine, and each day I fall more in love with your message your music and everything about you. RattPack all day, every day, for life
My name is Muhammad and I'm from Amman, Jordan and I'd like to say that your music is a big inspiration for me
Hi, Logic, it's Amber from Ireland; I just wanted to say your music means fucking everything to me
My name is Tebogo Kodisang and I'm from South Africa
What up, Logic? This is Dionisio from Mexico
This is Summer Sheers coming from Joliet, Illinois
My name's Habib from Singapore
Yo, what's up Logic. New York, Taiwan, I'm from Australia, man
Hi, Logic, my name's Alexandra I'm from Brooklyn, New York
My name's Issam, I'm from Israel
My name is July, I'm from Seattle
My name is Kinan Fayyad, I'm from Beirut, Lebanon
I'm from New York
I'm from Mexico
Lithuania
Missouri
Northern California
Kenya
Albuquerque, New Mexico
North Carolina
Turkey, Istanbul
New York, Long Island
Virginia
From India
Mexico
Chile
Nebraska
Iceland
Bay Area
Bay Area, yeet, yeet!
I'm from Brooklyn
Calling from Serbia
Nashville, Tennessee
From Dallas, Texas
Miami
Baltimore, Maryland
Los Angeles
Fremont, California
North Carolina
From Zimbabwe
From Wisconsin
San Antonio, Texas
New Jersey
Comin' from Maryland
South Carolina
Chicago, Illinois
Sacramento
Yo, Logic, what's up? It's Tanner from Boise, Idaho. PLP. RattPack forever. Visionaries never fail

Yeah, yeah
Shout out to all the fans
All my family, the RattPack all around the world
I love you guys, man
Thank you, thank you so much for letting me do what I love every single day and spreading a positive message
Peace, love, and positivity, baby
Yeah, yeah
(Sinatra)10Embed