43 ContributorsWe’re Back Lyrics
Shady, we're back!

Nothin' can stop and nothin' can change it
You better just make new livin' arrangements
If you think you the top and king of the castle
You about to be thrown off the throne and ripped a new asshole
All I hear is I'm best at this and I'm best at that
But I don't hear my name, no, ne'er brought up in rap
And I don't usually trip or dare get caught up in that
But when they say, "one of the best", I'm nowhere thought of as that
Not even the same league as Jay-Z, Nas, Pac
Biggie, or maybe they'll name me somewhere down at the bottom
Right after AZ, or say "he
Ripped that Biggie verse, or that Jay-Z"
"Yo, his verses were crazy, on that 'Renegade', B!
But I ain't never bought no whole CD of Shady
And all I hear is pop tunes come on the radi-
-o, and they play 'em twenty times in a row daily"
And that very well maybe the same reason they don't say me
When they speak on hip-hop legends, which has amazed me
'Cause I thought the formula was to hit mainstream
And make it big-b-big-big-baby-ba ba-baby

So maybe the eighties made me crazy
I've been tryna get my weight up since the ace Slim Shady
Gave me the gate key, paved the way
So lately, my stakes get better each day
Replay my relay race, when I was chasin' the 8V at eighteen
Eight years later, his voice in Beijing
No choice, I chase cream, so
You might also like
Shady, we're back! (Stat Quo! Get 'em!)

This is what I eat, sleep and breathe and feed
My kids wit', it fulfill all my family needs (Come on)
I treat the mic like the block, fuck with my rocks, and squeeze
Critics expectin' me to underachieve
I just deal with the hate I receive by rollin' back my sleeves
Sure was a breeze, I bring him right to his knees (Right to his knees)
And tell him "Suck my dick," (Woo) take a bow and I leave
With a sack full of unmarked cheese, I find it hard to believe
Who to pull or proceed to be G's
And claim they runnin' shit, nigga, I run me (I run me)
As a kid, teacher said I had a mouth on me
That same mouth got me the deal with Dre and E
Folk in the hood be askin' where I be
Dawg, I'm out in Hawaii, don't like it? Drink my pee
Record song for the "Detox" LP
Feet don't fail he
Niggas got me bent like Cranberry and Belvee, I'ma die wealthy
Boss in the game, what the fuck they gon' tell me?
A-Town's entrée Aftermath, Shady!

Shady, we're back! (Bobby Creek!)
What up?
Y'all market y'all block, they sent me to corner that
Rap game's an old flame, my nigga, I want 'em back
Like mic check, pimp for what it's worth, I got the right net
Sittin' here, excited by some shit that ain't right yet
No regret, live by a code you don't know 'bout
Y'all niggas won't be satisfied 'til I show out
Go out on a limb with Em, 'cause I'm with him
Put a barrel to the apparel of you and some of them
(None of them) Stand a chance, at the dance without a bowtie
Shady Records re-introduce you niggas to multi
So high off the light that they have given me
And the haters like a chauffeur, because it's driven me
To a view with a vendetta, I am the epitome
I don't give a fuck about ya, nigga, I'm just livin' me
We the reason for the season, so I'm breezin' through the track, nigga

Shady! (Cashis!)

I can prove I'm here to do somethin' you'd never do
From hand to hand coke sales, from my revenue
I ain't been to a function, where I ain't snuck a weapon through
'Cause my background reveals a one eight seven too
To the block, I'm the truth, to the cops, I'm the proof
Of if there's niggas still out there, you just gotta shoot
I carry over my street ethics to the booth
And the shady crime fam, Al Capone in his youth
The difference between me and you, I already done it
And lived the street life niggas run away from, if
You follow my life, in a midwest blunted
Pitchforks held high, four fifth by the stomach
You can find me right now, on the C.A. streets
I'm on the roof of the buildin', shootin' at police
Some of the homies feel opposition, can't kill me
I'm a walkin' obituary, death live in me
I take life through the pen, by the way, I'ma see
Or have you raped in the pen, like American meat
I'm connected, gettin' weight from MS 13
With SKs, ARs and Mini 14s
I'm Cashis, the last of the real, wit' a strap
On Prozac, D's and E-Pills, it's a wrap
Get the block on tip, two for tens of crack
I'm in a lifetime contract, Shady's back
Nigga
Shady, we're back! (Ha! I told you, "We was back!")

Hahahaha-hahaha! *pbbbbbbt* (What?)34Embed