3 ContributorsTrouble Followed (Davey D) LyricsDavey D: In 1991, Tupac got his first real taste of trouble when he was stopped for jay walking in downtown Oakland. According to Pac, the police officers did not take a liking to his name, for they said some unfavorable things. Pac in return responded and the result was him being arrested and brutalized. This incident resulted  in him filing a 10 million dollar lawsuit against the City of Oakland. It wasn't long afterwards that Tupac released the first of his six albums. The first was entitled 2Pocalypse Now and it highlighted Tupac’s passionate, political, and thug life side. Songs like "Trap" while politically on point, stirred up much of the controversy when it depicted an Oakland police officer being shot at the end of the video. This particular song caught the attention of Dan Quayle, who expressed his outrage. Other songs like "Brenda Got a Bay" brought attention to the emotional and heartfelt side of the rising star. Tupac gained national fame when he played the role of Roland Bishop, a violent, insecure, short-tempered, psychotic individual, and the blockbuster movie Juice. Initially, director Ernest Dickerson had invited Digitial Underground's Money B to audition for the movie. Tupac went along for the ride. Once there, he read the part cold turkey and was hired to play his role, which left many wondering if Tupac was acting or just being himself. As Tupac's popularity began to soar, so did his troubles. In the Summer of ’92 while attending Marine City's 50th Anniversary, Tupac and his entourage had a confrontation with some old acquaintances. During the ensuing fight, a gun was drawn, shots were fired, and a little six-year-old laid dead as an innocent bystander. Tupac's brother Mercedes, who at the time rapped for the group Tony! Toni! Toné! and later for Thug Life, was arrested and charged. Eventually he was let go for lack of evidence. Tupac later found himself embroiled in more controversy when a Texas cop was shot and killed. The widow of the slain officer filed the multi-million dollar civil suit against Tupac, claiming that it was his music and lyrics that influenced the young perpetrator to kill. If that wasn't enough, also in that year, Tupac while visiting the set of Fox TV's In Living Color had an altercation with the limo driver. The result was him being arrested and charged with assault. Eventually the charges would drop. Seemingly wherever Tupac went, trouble followed. First Tupac found himself being charged with assault after he and a group of friends beat up the film directors known as the Hughes Brothers. This incident stemmed from him being fired from the movie Menace II Society.
(-Ciety, -ciety, -ciety, -ciety)Embed