65 ContributorsTherapy Lyrics
Just so Pittsburgh, man

So how's it feel?
Can you tell me how it feel?
Now it's real
So can you tell me how you feel?
Can you tell me how it feel?
Can you tell me how it feel to come and hang around a motherfucker like me?
How it feel to come and hang around a motherfucker like me?
How's it feel? So can you tell me how's it feel?
Can you tell me how it
Feel to come and hang around a motherfucker like me?
How it feel to come and hang around a motherfucker like me?
Yeah

Said, "Baby, what you doin' tonight? (Hello)
We could watch the world get ruined tonight," livin' this life
Got you flexin', feelin' colder than ice, let it melt
As we follow all the stupid advice (Okay), and I don't usually like
To be this honest wit' ya (Honest wit' ya), I must have lost the picture (Lost the picture)
Gimme a box of swishers, room full of obnoxious bitches (Got you)
Why you lyin' to me? Just grab your ladies
That Mercedes all kinds of roomy, and when the times are gloomy
Hit me up (Huh?) I can make you feel like that perfect girl you wish you was (Was)
Givin' you that feelin' like when Christmas come (When Christmas come)
I just take all of my problems, throw 'em in the blunt
Light 'em up and watch 'em float away, ayy (That smoke)
You might also like
Watch 'em float
I can take you anywhere that you wanna
Go
Can you dream?
Can you tell me how's it feel?

How's it feel? How's it feel?
How's it feel? Can you tell me how
It feel to come and hang around a motherfucker like me? (How's it feel?)
How it feel to come and hang around a motherfucker like me? (How's it feel?)
How's it feel? How's it feel? (Woo!)
Can you tell me how it feel, how's it feel? (Yes)
How's it feel to come and hang around a motherfucker like me?
How's it feel? (Yes)
How's it feel? (Okay, said)

I'm back on these rap songs (Okay), feelin' they're never gonna last long (Okay)
Got a shortcut, baby? I'll pass on it, my dick, throw your ass on it (Blaow)
Pass the time, ask for my alibi, tryna tell you I need that (I need that)
Just relax (Just relax), put that money in my motherfuckin' hand (In my hand)
Take another pull, goddamn (Goddamn), ain't part of the plan
Like a car in a van, I'm rollin', I'm feelin' good, I'm golden
My man (My man), let me just do my dance (My dance)
'Cause, ma'fucker, this my jam, said this my jam, this my jam (This my motherfuckin' jam)
How many times you 'bout to let them opportunities pass you by?
I used to be a pretty passive guy (Uh-huh), since before I was a goddamn mastermind (Woo!)
In that castle of mine, I came up in half the time as these lame fucks
You can't rush that greatness, that mansion where my maid lives
Like, woah, watch 'em float
I can take you anywhere that you wanna
Go (That you wanna go)
Can you dream? (Can you dream?!)
Can you tell me how's it feel?

How's it feel?
How's it feel? How's it feel? Can you tell me how
It feel to come and hang around a motherfucker like me? (How's it feel?)
How it feel to come and hang around a motherfucker like me? (How's it feel?)
How's it feel? How's it feel?
Can you tell me how it feel? How's it feel?
How's it feel to come and hang around a motherfucker like me?
How's it feel?
How's it feel? Ha

How's it feel?
How's it feel?
How's it feel?
How's it feel?
Well, can you tell me how's it feel?
How's it feel? Can you tell me how it feel?
How's it feel? (Please)
How's it feel to come and hang around a motherfucker like me?
How's it feel?
How's it feel? (Ha)
16Embed