3 ContributorsWhat’z Ya Phone # (Nu-Mixx) Lyrics
What'z ya phone number?
Now, I could make miracles tempos
It's instrumental, written for the nymphos
That's the intro
Shook when you rushed me
Walked up and touched me
Why? Do you want to fuck me?
Just 'cause I'm paid in the worst way? True
Lookin' kinda good in your birthday suit
I wonder if your wild and ya act shy
Do you like to be on top or the back side?
Watch when you lick your lips, shake your hips
Goddamn, I love that shit
Now let's stop fakin', be real now
I got a room and a hard on, still down?
Met ya standin' at a bar full of black dudes
Said you wanna see my scars and my tattoos
When we headed for my hideout, act right
Boss playa when I ride out, that's right
What'z ya phone number?

Baby, it's for sure that we can get it on all night
Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?
'Til three or maybe four, I'm ready for it all, I'm down
Hey, baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?
You might also like
Oh shit, you gotta work for the number
Work a little bit harder for my naked slumber
Tryna get it on the come up
Ease breeze, 1, 2, 3 won't get it from me, no
Can you think a little farther?
Baby, throw me them keys and I will push the Gallardo
And I ain't tryna barter
Vice grip on them hips and my lips on your tip, yo
Now let your face take a taste
I could promise I'll squirt and it won't be mace
I'm dumb stuck up in my place
When you leave, it ain't your shoes but my neck you lace
Now tell me now, can you roll with a boss bitch?
Keep that thang standing tall for a boss bitch?
Spit game and keep it clean for a boss bitch?
Grab a pen and paper said the digits of the boss bitch

Baby, it's for sure that we can get it on all night
Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?
'Til three or maybe four, I'm ready for it all, I'm down
Hey, baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?
Shit, baby is a dime piece, more than just fine
She's personally best from the gods, if I seen her right
Now, she can get me hard
Didn't wanna talk to me just to she see my car
Never had sex with a rich rap star
'Til I got her in the back of my homeboy's car
Tell me, why do we live this way?
Money over bitches, let me hear you say
What'z your phone number? Are you alone?
Got a pocket full of rubbers, let's bone
Time for your girlfriend to take you home
I had fun, but baby, gotta leave me alone
Picture in my rhyme, take time to rewind
These ordinary words I say
If you open in your mind, better think and you'll find
It's time, let the outlaws play

I know you wanna fuck, let me hear you say
Give it to you good 'til I cum in your face
Keep it running like a faucet, who the boss, nigga?
Don't be scared to toss it, I bet you cum quicker
I love it how you keep it so thuggish, thuggish
I feel it through your fingers how you grip this shit
Got you leaning like a bat, nigga, hit it like a bat
Like, yeah, mayne, got me high like a plane
In the back of a G5, now my legs spread a mile high
Got you opening my thighs
When your hands on fire, poppin' bottles
Looking in my shadows, how we get it
Ain't no stoppin' how we did it
I don't know, I just know I gotta get some
So ruthless, when I fuck, better duck
When you see me with Pac in a truck
Rollin' like an 8-ball, now let me break you off
Baby, it's for sure that we can get it on all night
Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?
'Til three or maybe four, I'm ready for it all, I'm down
Hey, baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?
Baby, it's for sure that we can get it on all night
Baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?
'Til three or maybe four, I'm ready for it all, I'm down
Hey, baby, let me give you a call
How long will it take to break you off?Embed