3 ContributorsWhat’s Next Lyrics One two, one two, and I say..
 Yo whassup whassup whassup?
 Girls gone crazy for the 90's
 X amount of girls in the house
 You hear?
 MCX (I like it..) get mad!
A with a hip to the hop to the hip-hop reggae
W-w-w-w-w-w-w-watch dis!


I was walkin down Broadway the other day
In New York it was a bored day with my man Jay
Lots of lovely ladies like a-lookin our way
Play like Willie Mays all-star and 'Say Hey'
Then I seen a girl so beautiful I wanted to know
I said there's none as cute as you now which way you go?
Into my rap now won't you check out my flow
Darryl the Mack Attack come check out my show
Check out my records, I make my message clear
In this direction, where do we go from here?


Now bust it, seen I'm looker cleaner and leaner at the arena
Tina scheamin like a schemer so Tina, jump in my Beemer
So we did, so we jump in and jet
Put it in gear pull up ??, pop a pumpin cassette
I figured the girlie was ridin my jock, cause the way that she rocked
Knew my limit from the minute that she started to clock
I'm lovin her coverin her rubbin her down til she started to frown
I said yo lady bust it baby, where do I go now? So..
Check out my records, I make my message clear
In this direction, where do we go from here?
You might also like

Now bust it pen to the hand I am the grand writer
Wrote a plan for you ma'am and damn, beautiful
To make you move to my groove is here
So my dear be of good cheer I make it perfectly clear
Not number two you're the one when all is said and is done
Serious as the cancer give a answer to Run, so..
Check out my records, I make my message clear
In this direction, where do we go from here?


I kick the lyrics strictly wreckin the head
Not forgetten what is written, stickin to what is said
When D is MC'n there's no bein mislead
Got to have her and like Shabba I am wicked in bed (hehehehe)
The woman made me wonder, she's the one I will wed
So I turned to the ??, and a dis is what I said
I said give me your number I'mma give you a call
Check it out y'all, check it out y'all
Check out my records, I make my message clear
In this direction, where do we go from here?
Embed