37 ContributorsGet Away Lyrics
LA, NC, NY, The Chi, yeah, hey, yeah

I wake up, hop out the shower spray cologne on while I'm dressing
They hollering 'bout recession so my niggas out here stressing
But bitch, I'm live and breathing so to me that there's a blessing
See life is like a test that I ain't never got no F in
Stepping out today, I gotta leave the crib, Momma stressing out, I pray
That ain't nobody gon' pull the weapon out and spray
'Cause I don't got no strap
And ever since we hit depression, niggas don't know how to act
In fact, there goes some niggas there, hating, I feel the stare
Me verse you shining, that's like a diamond and silverware
Let y'all feel the glare I gotta go now
I'm riding through the city with the windows rolled down
Shorty hollered, so I pulled up beside her, I'm fronting, “What's your name?”
She told me, “Boy, you know me, don't play no games
Now, look, they say you're blowing up, hey, is it true, fired up?”
I say, “Girl, they wasn't kidding like they tubes tied up"

I'm hollering hey
Good God, what a day
I gotta say it feels good to get away
Where ain't nobody stressing over shit they got to pay
Ay tell me what's work without play
All my niggas hollering hey
Good God, what a day
Hey baby girl, tell me can you get away?
Where ain't nobody hollering 'bout the problems of the world
It's just me and my favorite girl
Now all around they holler
You might also like
Okay so word been spreading
That I done jetted to New York, I was up there doing my thing
So now some folks I used to know is hollering out “J. Cole!”
I got to chuckle 'cause I know they used to say Jermaine, so who changed?
What's in name though, when niggas can't hang on your shoestrings?
The flow insane plus I got that flamethrow, that Liu Kang
Even in the winter we bring feelings of summer Suzanne
We get them hooked like T-Pain, and scoop them hoes like loose change
Can you blame me? I'm just a boy straight out the Ville
These wangsta-ass niggas getting played out for real
You acting like you trill, nigga you bet' not!
You talking out your ass, you finna get your head rocked
This is where they shooting sideways, boys getting blazed
Can't afford to fly so we get high to get away
Now come here ladies, see we tryna get you loose, pour it up
Take this juice, we gon' mix it with this Goose, don't throw it up

I'm hollering hey
Good God, what a day
I gotta say it feels good to get away
Where ain't nobody stressing over shit they got to pay
Ay tell me what's work without play
All my niggas hollering hey
Good God, what a day
Hey baby girl tell me can you get away?
Where ain't nobody hollering 'bout the problems of the world
It's just me and my favorite girl
Now all around they holler
Yeah, hey, yeah, hey, yeah8Embed