2 ContributorsPain (Nu-Mixx) Lyrics
Uh, pain, pain...
(So much pain, so much pain)

They'll never take me alive
I'm gettin' high with my 4-5
Cocked on these suckas, time to die
Even as a youngster
Causin' ruckus on the back of the bus
I was a fool all through high school, kickin' up dust
But now I'm labled as a troublemaker
Who can you blame?
Smokin' weed helped me take away the pain
So I'm hopeless
Rollin' down the freeway swervin', don't worry
I'm 'bout to crash up on the curb 'cause my vision's blurry
Maybe if they tried to understand me
What should I do?
I had to feed my fuckin' family
What else could I do?
But be a thug
Out slangin' with the homies
Fuck hangin' with them phonies in the club
Got my mind on danger
Never been a stranger to homicide
My city's full of gangbangers and drive-bys
Why do we die at an early age?
He was so young, but still a victim of the 12-gauge
My memories of a corpse, mind full of sick thoughts
And I ain't goin back to court, so fuck what you thought
I'm drinkin' Hennessy, runnin' from my enemies
Will I live to be 23? There's so much pain
You might also like
Thug soldier 'til I die
Keep family by my side
All night, I'm getting high
Life's so full of pain, have you ever seen a thug cry?
Mamas standing on the streets
Gotta get back on my feet
Stressed out, I can't sleep
Life's so full of pain, have you ever seen a thug cry?

I seen a couple niggas shot in the brain
Seen a couple niggas shot in the frame
And I'm tryna maintain
Tell the truth though, the shit ain't the same
I'ma die a thug, fuck it, it's the blood in my vein
Why complain 'cause we all gon' die, but I could wait
I'm the letter after F and right before H
I'm a G nigga, see nigga, the pain in my eye
Player player play the game and you die
I do a buck-85 and  the beam in the ride
Even hot from the flame of the 9
No stranger to danger in mine
Matter fact, I be bangin' for mine
Got a closet full of guns and I'm hangin' with mine
So much pain, yeah, I spent years doing sicker shit
If I cried, the tears'll probably be blood and liquor mixed
And you ain't seen a nigga on no bicker shit
Life's a bitch, bet you that all my niggas done twisted it
Thug soldier 'til I die
Keep family by my side
All night, I'm getting high
Life's so full of pain, have you ever seen a thug cry?
Mamas standing on the streets
Gotta get back on my feet
Stressed out, I can't sleep
Life's so full of pain, have you ever seen a thug cry?

They got me mobbin' like I'm loc'ed
And ready to get my slug on
I load my clip and slip my motherfuckin' gloves on
I ain't scared to blast on these suckas if they test me
Trust, I got my Glock cocked, playa, if they press me
Bust some motherfuckers with a PASSION
Better duck 'cause I ain't lookin when I'm BBBBLASTIN'
I'm a nut and drinkin' Hennessy
And gettin' high, on the lookout for my enemies
Don't wanna die, tell me why
'Cause this stress is gettin' major
A buck-fifty across my face with my razor
What can I do but be a thug until I'm dead and gone?
I keep my brain on tha game and stay head-strong
These sorry bastards want to kill me in my sleep
I'm real, they cannot see
And every day is just a struggle
Steady thuggin' on the streets
And I'll be ballin', loc, don't let 'em make you worry
Keep swingin' at these suckas 'til you buried
I was born to raise, hell, a nigga from the gutta
Word to mother, I'm touched
I'm kickin' dust up, ready to bust
I'm on the scene steady muggin' mean, until they kill me
I'll be livin' this life, I know you feel me
There's so much pain
Thug soldier 'til I die
Keep family by my side
All night, I'm getting high
Life's so full of pain, have you ever seen a thug cry?
Mamas standing on the streets
Gotta get back on my feet
Stressed out, I can't sleep
Life's so full of pain, have you ever seen a thug cry?

So much pain; there's so much pain
(So much pain, so much pain)
There's so much pain; there's so much pain
(So much pain, so much pain)
There's so much painEmbed