74 ContributorsSly Fox Lyrics

The sly fox, cyclops
We locked in an idiot box
The video slots broadcasting Waco Davidian plots
They own YouTube, MySpace
When this ignorant shit going to stop?
They monopolizing news, your views
And the channel you choose, propaganda, visual cancer
The eye in the sky, number 5 on the dial
Secret agenda, frequency antenna, Dr. Mindbender
Remote control, soul controller, your brain holder
Slave culture, game's over
What's a fox characteristic? Slick shit, censored misinformation
Pimp the station, over-stimulation
Reception, deception, Comcast digital Satan
The fox has a bushy tail
And Bush tells lies and fox-trots
So, I don't know what's real (what's real)

Watch what you're watching, Fox keeps feeding us toxins
Stop sleeping, start thinking outside of the box
And unplug from the Matrix doctrine
But watch what you say, Big Brother is watching
Watch what you're watching, Fox keeps feeding us toxins
Stop sleeping, start thinking outside of the box
And unplug from the Matrix doctrine
But watch what you say, Fox Five is watching
You might also like
The Fear Factor got you all riled up
O'Reilly? Oh really? No rally needed, I'll tie you up
Network for child predators, setting them up
MySpace, pimps, hoes and sluts
Y'all exploit rap culture, then y'all flip on us
And you own the Post, and y'all shit on us
What is their net worth?
They're going to try to censor my next verse
Throw them off the roof neck first
While I'm clicking my cursor
Reading blogs about pressure they put on Universal
It gets worse
While I'm clicking my mouse, while they kick in my house
They figured us out, why a nigga go south?
It's either he caught a body
Don't sleep, they're watching
I watch CBS, and I see BS
Trying to track us down with GPS
Make a nigga want to invest in PBS (see BS)

Watch what you're watching, Fox keeps feeding us toxins
Stop sleeping, start thinking outside of the box
And unplug from the Matrix doctrine
But watch what you say, Big Brother is watching
Watch what you're watching, Fox keeps feeding us toxins
Stop sleeping, start thinking outside of the box
And unplug from the Matrix doctrine
But watch what you say, Fox Five is watching
They say I'm all about murder murder and kill kill
But what about Grindhouse and Kill Bill?
What about Cheney and Halliburton?
The back door deals on oil fields?
How is Nas the most violent person?
Y'all don't know talent if it hit you
Bringing up my criminal possession charges with a pistol
I use Viacom as my firearm
Then let the lyrics split you, who do you rely upon?
Then shoot shells at Leviath-o-n
I'm dealing with the higher form
Fuck if you care of how I write a poem
Only fox that I loved was the Red one
Only black man that Fox love is in jail or a dead one
Red rum, political bedlam
Don't let the hype into your eyes and ear drum
Murdoch owns Fox, not A-Team with Baracus
And he hates Barack cause he march with the marches

I pledge allegiance to the fair and balanced truth
Not the biased truth
Not the liest truth
But the highest truth
I will not be deceived
Nor will I believe in the propaganda
I will not fall for the okie-doke
I am tuned in...
Watch what they watching
Watch what you're watching
Better watch because they're watching
Watch what you're watching
M-m-media, misleading you
Watch what you're watching8Embed