48 ContributorsWho You Wit II Lyrics
Uh-huh, yeah hah
Never sprung huh?
Jigga, Roc-A-Fella y'all, uh
Never sprung huh?
Yeah, peep the repertoire
Pa-Pause, feel me on this one
Pa-Pause, feel this
Never sprung huh? Know my style

I love bitches, thug bitches, shy bitches
Rough bitches, don't matter you my bitches
Gold diggers witcha eyes on my riches
Can't knock your hustle for real, it's a'ight bitches
I'm game tight, see it all through the platinum french frames
With the french name in the same night
Pull you and your tight friend
Lift your little dress like light wind, hah, then I slide right in
You know the whole repertoire, U.S. to the U-S-S-R
Sexin' in a Lexus car
Match wits with the best of y'all, the rest of y'all
Is like vege-tables in my presence, check it
Reminiscin' to nothin' you ever heard
Iceberg Slim baby, ride rims through the suburbs
Funds come in lump sums never ends deferred
Get money like I'm down South, Wednesday the third, it's on
You might also like
More, dough to get, more shows to rip
I suggest you all roll with the clique, who you wit
Frozen wrists and it's flows that's sick
More O's than you know exist, bitch who you wit

Can't scheme on 'em, Roc-A-Fella got a team on 'em
Chicks dream on him, trick cream on 'em
Lose it when dudes think it's just music
Lean on 'em, flash green on 'em and diamond rings on 'em
Sexin' around the way girls down to miras
I'm something every girl gotta have like Levi's
Chiquita, mi amor, see how raw
You can love me or hate me, either or
I'ma stay winnin', rock the custom drop Bentleys
Never eat at Denny's and party like Lil' Pennys
Can he live? Trick or main chick but if she leave
Just as quick, Indian give, ha-hah
Now what I look like? Givin' a chick half my trap
Like she wrote half my raps, yeah, I'm havin' that
You be the same chick when you leave me
The bankbook and the credit cards
And take everything you came with (it's on)

More, dough to get, more shows to rip
I suggest you all roll with the clique, who you wit?
Frozen wrists and it's flows that's sick
More O's than you know exist, bitch who you wit?
Yeah, here's somethin' niggas gon' find, not at all funny
We takin' all ya bitches, takin' all ya money
Jay-Z rated A.G. baby that's All Good
I sink this ball in your hole, I'm Tiger Woods
If the money was the grass and your ass was a tee
When I hit it with this club love you comin' with me
Grip you right up under your ass, put your back on the wall
Kinda tipsy, seein' triple, so I'm fuckin' y'all all
You remind me of this dream I had the night before
I'm kinda hopin' the condom break to have a reason to go raw
I'm playin', hit the showers, hit the money spot
Where all the models play and big money is dropped
Drop the top, let her feel the moonlight it entranced her
She jumped all in my seat like some private dancer
I tell you somethin' new, if you don't hop down off that
Butter soft shit with your shoes, I'ma step on the gas
She laughed, put her ass back in the proper place
She said, 'I played my cards right and look, I got the ace'
I told her 'bomp *beatboxes*
Slow down baby
You dealin' with a baller, who, hold ground crazy', it's on

More, dough to get, more shows to rip
I suggest you all roll with the clique, who you wit?
Frozen wrists and it's flows that's sick
More O's than you know exist, bitch who you wit?
More, dough to get, more shows to rip
I suggest you all roll with the clique, who you wit?
Frozen wrists and it's flows that's sick
More O's than you know exist, bitch who you wit?
More, dough to get, more shows to rip
I suggest you all roll with the clique, who you wit?
Frozen wrists and it's flows that's sick
More O's than you know exist, bitch who you wit?
More, dough to get, more shows to rip
I suggest you all roll with the clique, who you wit?
Frozen wrists and it's flows that's sick
More O's than you know exist, bitch who you wit?
Beyatch! Fucka
Jigga, '9-7 shit, next millennium
Recognize, realize, it's on
Roc-A-Blok y'all
Huh, haha, I'm laughing
It's on

Jay-Z, hi, this is (beep). I just wanted to call and apologize for the things that I was sayin to you
You know, I'm
That was kind a, you know, ridiculous what was I sayin
And um, I just wanted to thank you for giving Ta-Ta the message for me
We could still be cool
It was nice meeting you too, bye2Embed