4 ContributorsBond Lyrics
Yeah, boy!
Check it out Slick, ya know what I'm sayin?

No complaining, I reached my destination and it's rainin'
I'm in Colombia, the Bond steps off the plane and
I hear a holler from a bro with ring around the collar
It's chief of police, greets Bond, tells me to follow
Treated me to everything, no taxin', maxin'
Gives me a hotel suite for me to relax in
Seems everyone was on my silk drawers
A cloud does it have to bug me a daffy nerve jumpin' out the closet
Word up, dead nigga said "Chief, how do you figure?"
Tryin to arrest me the Double for the murder of the nigga
Now in a cell, but not for long, and now I'm out I hear a weeping
One asleep, other sleeping, kept creeping
Bumped into another, my appearance was alarming
(To who) some lady that thought I'm charming
Please, the way I is I don't even have to say hon
So who's a Don? You better believe the nigga kept girl fond
The name's Bond!

Well, I'm outside and it's the chief with twenty thieves like the Brainiac
Beware because the Double 0 was bucking like a maniac
Till nobody lives, so hon, nowhere to do correct
Said "excuse me baby, but where they hiding the hooker at?"
"Around the block, but chill at least chill till the storm has stopped"
Decided it was a helicopter, sounds like its warming up
Grabbed ya leg, shot the chief, someone said "Stop hawking"
Shook me off at twenty-thou, the Bond got up walking
They was laughing as they left they grew thinner like Iraqi
Got the plans from the dying chief of police in her pocket
To make it even worse honey girl was definitely rattin'
Was holding her in a club that was happening in Manhattan
I'm on the plane in the day seemed nothing was a phasing
Except for the stewardess jocking the Amazing
But kept my composure, had another honey hon
Who the Don? You better believe a nigga kept girl fond
The name's Bond!
You might also like
Back at home in New York, I didn't want to get too overfly
You wanna know why I pulled out my 535i? (pimp!)
Boy I see some lookouts with some girls that was annoyed
It was a private engagement for the dealer and the boys
Double just passed the hoods with their faces painted
Walked in, say a good twenty girls fainted
Throw cousins all out but seems that everyone was shitting
And man I was so cool I even carried me a kitten (reowr!)
Trouble for the Double 0? Wouldn't swallow that
Who's the man with the golden gun and all of that
Turned curls of mercy, left blood on the walls of
Rescued the shorty who was all on the balls of
Whore said "You're late!" I don't wanna hear none of your dissing
Nabbed the cash, made a good twenty million for the mission
Good job, not to mention had the boss honey hung
So who's a Don? Better believe a nigga kept girl fond
The name's Bond!Embed