169 ContributorsTranslationsMac Miller - Friends ft. ScHoolboy Q (Traducción al Español)Friends Lyrics
One, two, three, pop, pop
One, two, three, pop, pop
One, two, three, pop, pop
Mr. Davis
One, two, three, pop, pop (Okay)
Yeah (Woo)
Okay, okay (Yeah)
Okay, okay-kay-kay-kay-kay-kay-kay-kay-kay (Woo)
Okay, okay, yeah, um

Snowflakes keep fallin' on my expired debit cards
Don't know why I'm still awake, I gotta be up at ten tomorrow
Missiles in my repertoire, I'd say I'm pretty regular
I never leave my house, I don't know why I got an extra car (Skrt)
My pool-house studio is covered up with pencil marks
And every day, it's full of jokers like a deck of cards (Hahaha)
Swear I'm so lonely, there's horns on my dome piece (Dome piece)
But I'm not the devil, I'm a motherfuckin' minotaur
Oh my God, look at how upset you are
'Cause we out here winnin', brought my dogs from out the reservoir (Hoo!)
And I'ma let 'em bark, before you ready, my set will start
We forgot our roots before and trust me, things, they fell apart
Wash myself with acid, it's because I got a denim heart
My conscience so weak, I need to split it up in seven parts (Okay)
Revis brought me out to Cali for the first time
Went to Amar'e's party, took tequila shots with Kevin Hart (Ah)
But Kevin don't remember that
I saw him at the VMAs, told a joke, he never laughed (Um)
The rap diablo, "free your mind" my motto
And we all gon' be good if TreeJay ever hit the lotto (We mu'fuckin' rich!)
So arigato, shit, you know I'm world-famous
And R. Kelly been told me that I'm the world's greatest (You're the world’s greatest!)
But still to fall in love is like a orgasm
'Cause you never gonna know if your girl fake it
I'm always faded, gettin' shaded in the basement
I just bought a cello, now all I do is play it (Play it)
Thank God that I made it (Made it), ask Q where Dave is (Where is he?)
He'll probably tell you that he rollin' midnights out in Vegas (Seven midnights!)
Me? I'm in my spaceship, my face is so complacent
Wear a suit to cash a check, we goin' to the banquet (Ching)
And Jimmy got the burner (Bow) but he don't wanna murder (Nah)
And ClockWork is somewhere out in Sweden speaking Danish like
Hi Sven (Goddamn) isn't this your language?
That man must be a alien, I really can't explain it
Shit, it's just a little cocaine sniff *Snorts*
But the lines longer than parades is (Ah), yeah
I think it's time to give me all your praises (Praises)
So I can get this money and give all the homies raises (Raises)
My life is on these words, this is my affidavit (Wow)
And if you want a legal battle, send your ass to David (That's my lawyer)
Um, I'm half-man, half-amazin'
Probably half-God, but that don't fit my calculations (Don't make no sense)
I know the planet Earth is 'bout to explode
Kinda hope that no one save it, we only grow from anguish
You might also like
Yeah (Miller Mac) Miller Mac
Haha, yeah, these are my friends (Miller Mac)
Miller Mac, Mac Miller, Mac, Mac (Miller Mac)
Mac, Mac, Mac, Miller Mac (Miller, Miller, Miller, Miller)
Mac, Mac, Mac (Miller Mac)
Mac Miller, Mac Miller, Miller Mac, Mac (Miller Mac)
Yeah, haha (Miller Mac) Miller Mac
I see you Mac, these are my friends (Miller, Miller, Miller, Miller)

There's snowflakes fallin' on my debit card
Swear I'm not alive, I couldn't tell you if we ever are
In this game of thrones, it is known I got them 4G LTE connection bars
No control, fuck Ken' Lamar (Fuck you, Kendrick!)
I don't vote, I never registered (Nah)
But I'm a magnet for them zeros, call me Edward Sharpe (Woo!)
I wake up feelin' dead, I need a fresher start
So me and Q put people on the label we don't remember (Ah, okay)
Smiled as I saw Jerm nerdin' out with Josh Berg
Talkin' analog gear and drinkin' Arnold Palmer (Those are good)
In the other room, watchin' C-Span with E. Dan
Layin' down a baseline, doin' drums with his free hand (How the hell does he do that?!)
When I was in first grade, I wished to be Puerto Rican
My mom took me to a barbershop to get some cornrows
I walked in, ready for them Sprewell braids
But the lady said my hair was too short though (Aw), damn
I always thought my moms was the illest for that shit (Yah)
Drivin' through the hood, she did not have a reaction (Skrt)
With a six-year-old, she kept the doors unlocked
And drove by the 5-0 like "Fuck those cops!"
Goddamn, it just don't stop (Nah)
I know my father probably wish that I would just smoke pot
My grandma probably slap me for the drugs I got (Boy!)
I'm a crackhead but I bought her diamonds, we love rocks
A'ight
Yeah (Miller Mac) Miller Mac
Haha, yeah, these are my friends (Miller Mac)
Miller Mac, Mac Miller, Mac, Mac (Miller Mac)
Mac, Mac, Mac, Miller Mac (Miller, Miller, Miller, Miller)
Mac, Mac, Mac (Miller Mac)
Mac Miller, Mac Miller, Miller Mac, Mac (Miller Mac)
Yeah, haha (Miller Mac) Miller Mac
I see you Mac, these are my friends (Miller, Miller, Miller, Miller)

Yeah, I've had the same outfit for six days straight (Gross)
And still all these bitches will get in position
'Cause I got their pussies all drippin' in paint (Woo)
Somehow, I'm makin' this music, it's just to relate to
(Damn, you're drownin'!) And I got the life raft, ain't gonna save you
Look at my reflection (Woah), I broke the mirror
It's only for protection (Okay), shit keep gettin' weirder (Weirder)
And I can't see a thing but (Woah) things never been clearer (Yeah)
Call the Mothman, it's Richard Gere (It's Richard motherfuckin' Gere!)
Yeah, this is our year
Let's get fucked up and get the fuck up outta here (Be gone)
I've kicked it with the aliens, a different stratosphere (E.T., phone home)
They lookin' down like, "We come in peace" (Oh, me too)
Yeah, I told Will and Bill they need to kick the habit (Put it down)
We on the same trip, we just got different baggage (That trip was brown)
Parks spilled the grape juice on all of Dylan's dad's shit (Grape juice!)
We were just some motherfuckin' kids (Woo)
Yeah (Miller Mac) Miller Mac
Haha, yeah, these are my friends (Miller Mac)
Miller Mac, Mac Miller, Mac, Mac (Miller Mac)
Mac, Mac, Mac, Miller Mac (Miller, Miller, Miller, Miller)
Mac, Mac, Mac (Miller Mac)
Mac Miller, Mac Miller, Miller Mac, Mac (Miller Mac)
Yeah, haha (Miller Mac) Miller Mac
I see you Mac, these are my friends (Miller, Miller, Miller, Miller)45Embed