9 ContributorsMoses Lyrics
I tried to block it out my mind

As you see Ruler shows his inquiring noses
Going into a story about a kid named 'Moses'
Once a prophet was to be born, before anything else furthered
Pharoah orders every first-born son murdered
One got away, a girl with prophet bound with her
Gently put him in a basket, went floating down the river
Then ends up by a Pharoah relative, ol' honey peeped in
Couldn’t breed herself and was determined to keep him
“Don’t say a word”, she told her slave who was a real witch
“Snitch, it’ll definitely be the last day you breathe, bitch”
While kids slaughtered cuz they was in front of them
Soldiers tellin the king that they murdered every one of them
"Thanks" said Pharoah, guys were a friend to him
Sister showin her baby saying the river god sent him
To her brother who arose and said, "Whoa, sis!"
Curious I suppose this, the upwards knows about Moses


As time passes, prove he wasn't the type to beg or borrow
Grew to conquer land like ain't no tomorrow
Made the Sun King jealous cuz he couldn't do what Mo' did
“Pops, I’m not to happy the way y’all jocking this Mo’ kid”
“Son, this rash behavior ruins every feast or bash
And why complain now, where’s the temple I asked you to build, you piece of trash?
Two of you switch, Mo’ you build it and you’ll find a supreme hero”
“Built it. Anything else you need, Pharaoh?”
King here’s startin’ to share my crown, one said, “How can he?”
But sister not takin’ any chance and threw the hooker off the balcony
But word still got to King, who then cold cursed blessed
Stripped him of his honors and dumped him in the desert
But Mo’ returned for the people, with his chest stick out saw
King said, “You want war? Make brick without straw!”
That’s a son not being king, the shorty no good rose his
Unhappy I suppose this, the upward knows about Moses
You might also like

The new King said, “As for your threats, brother, stuff it"
“Boy, what do I do now?” prayed the Prophet
Then a vision said “CHILL" and prophecy filled
Storm builds, hails of fire, all their first-borns killed
It was gettin’ scary for the king, this made the sufferin’ go by merrier
“You win! Take these peasants, get the flock out of my area!”
Poor villain, still in heat, didn’t want Mo’ to fulfill ‘em
Wasn’t chillin’ then he flat sent the troop to go and kill him
So Mo’ parts the sea, went across and said “Run!” and
Did some ol’ abracadabra and water fell upon ‘em
The soldiers that is, since Moses was suaver
Then Mo’ in the mountains havin’ a convo with the Father
Came back with the tens, seen pantyhose droppin’
Partner swappin’, folks wasn’t into what po’ Mo was poppin’
So the Earth shook and killed those, bible text closes
Talked about a time when idol worshippin’ foes had met Moses
2Embed