64 ContributorsHappy Birthday Lyrics
Bum-ba-da-bum-bum (Yeah)
Yeah (Yeah)
Okay

There's a birthday party happenin' upstairs (Where?)
And it's all for me, who the fuck cares? (Fuck it)
They won't notice if I never go and show my face (Face)
They just lookin' for a reason they can celebrate (That's okay)
I hate to waste the vanilla cake that they made for me (Tasty)
I tell the same stories, they pretend they never heard 'em (Boring)
I'll just stay down here inside the studio (Uh-huh)
Doin' blow and paraphrasin' The Crucible (Witch)
If you fuckin' with the God, that's a funeral (Kill 'em)
Lose your soul, I'm witcha longer than your student loans (Woah)
Who got the ecstasy pills? I need a few to roll (Raw)
I'm a real drug addict, homie, you should know
Somebody please tell Jimmy to put the pistol down (Stop, man! Please, please, please, please!)
He's serious this time, he's gonna kill me now (Bapapapapam! Ah!)
He'll regret it when I hit the ground (What did I do?)
For now, everybody gather round

It's happy birthday (Woo)
It's a birthday party (Yeah)
Yeah, happy birthday (Sing me a motherfuckin' song)
It's your birthday party (Sing me a motherfuckin' song)
Yeah, happy birthday (Yeah)
It's your birthday party (Come on)
Happy birthday (Come on, come on)
Yeah, happy birthday (Come on, come on)
You might also like
Yeah, okay
Happy birthday (Thanks)
How the fuck you feel? (Good)
Do you ever sit and wonder what is real? (Huh?)
Do you ever reach to touch her but there's nothin' there? (There)
Do you tell her that you love her but she doesn't care? (Care)
Does she tell you that you hurt her and you're unaware? (No)
Did you hear about a heaven, now you runnin' there? (Go)
Do you think about the fantasy and make-believe? (Okay)
Do you cover up your eyes, you can't wait to see? (Look)
Lately, I've been havin' strange dreams (Uh-huh)
Paranoid they hate me, everybody think I'm crazy
Baby, can you take me somewhere where the sky blue? (Uh-huh)
You can lead the way, I promise I'll be right behind you (Let's go, let's go, let's go)
I do see myself as iconic (Yah)
Gettin' high my downfall, it's kinda ironic
Like a condom, they on it (Woah)
Got 'em in my pocket (Woah)
No time to worry, hurry up and light the candles
Everybody

Happy birthday (Woo)
It's a birthday party (Sing me a motherfuckin' song)
Yeah, happy birthday (Sing me a motherfuckin' song)
It's your birthday party (Everybody sing along)
Yeah, happy birthday (Sing me a motherfuckin' song)
It's your birthday party (Everybody sing along, come on)
Happy birthday (Come on)
Yeah, happy birthday, uh (Come on, come on, come on, come on)
Woo!
Happy birthday
To you
Happy birthday
To you
Happy birthday
To you
To you
Woo-hoo17Embed