47 ContributorsDaps and Pounds Lyrics
Yeah baby
As he transforms to a whole 'nother being
Super duper
Nice

I am the one that you might see around town
Giving up daps and pounds
So high up but I'm holdin' it down
Screamin' what up? What it be?

Step up in the place just me and my buddy
Everywhere I go they screamin Kid Cudi!
Launching away from the helipad
Running out of bud, re-up before I'm hella mad
Hella like my dad in the sense of my ignorance
Now I give a shit bout less more than a little bit
One hell of a kid, and I kick it
Lord willing pure feelin' to the tenth power
Mash on the pedal, float above gravel
Weave through the city streets
Seize what the people seek
Please come follow a dude haters in the media call rude
How do you conclude to intro the interlude?
The game runs dry, bringin' the lube
Skinny as a fuck, still eatin' the food
Hard to kill Cudder like Steven Segal yeah
Haters applaud and they are appalled cause I see y'all
Can't hide in your closet, stop it
Be a boogie man, go do nothing beautiful
Sorry, I'm an honest man, fuck it
To my enemies: please squash it
You don't want Cudder to transform to a maniac
Kinda like Pat after plenty gin and tonic
Say I'm not a lyricist you fuckers need to figure out the logic
When I'm in rap mode it's nothing less than brolic
Don't run on beats motherfucker, I frolic
About...
Around...
You might also like
I am the one that you might see around town
Giving up daps and pounds
So high up but I'm holdin' it down
Screamin' what up? What it be?

I'm lost in the kool-aid, I made my own flavor
Hawaiian super kush for everyone
Givin' free blunts to the ones who wanna dig
More than a man, super duper they feelin the kid
Let us get it in and get out
Exhale, inhale, eyes on the road seen foes
They linger ahead
Not really there, really here
Nor here, nor there, not really scared
But oh well, I'll still be where what they might see as the wrong path
Embrace bad with the good, keep doing the math
Trying to get it right so I can eliminate the pad when I scribble
Beer pong, I dabble; Shrooms on occasion, depending on the persuasion and who I'm with
Ask Ron Price, I was nice when I was younger
Yeah you was a Killer- "When You Were Young"
Though I'm 25 like I'm 16, first time high
("Yeah, I tried telling them, I'm something totally different, honest. Hahaha.")
I am the one that you might see around town
Giving up daps and pounds
So high up but I'm holdin' it down
Screamin' what up? What it be?

I am the one that you might see around town
Giving up daps and pounds
So high up but I'm holdin' it down
Screamin' what up? What it be?7Embed