90 ContributorsWedding Lyrics
Ah! Ah! Fuck me good, baby
You better than any man before
Ah! Ah! Fuck me good, baby
You better than any man before
Yeah
Yeah, yeah

My bitch can tell that I'm addicted to pussy, she lookin' past it
The smile that she fakin' is tragic, hate lookin' at it
That magic I try to grasp it, she's had it with the dramatics
Fantasize of love, so classic
Attracted to what she got up in her attic, can we mind fuck?
Do I lie when I look inside her eyes? Hush, don't say a word
I know I make you hurt, sorry is my favorite word
I don't deserve your trust, but can we make it work?
I hate to end the story, can we wait until the morning to decide on it?
Spend this time pretendin' it was that first summer
We was pure lovers
She was used to bein' hurt, I took that curse from her
Sometimes I wonder what it's all for, you wish that I would call more
You're sick of seein' condoms in my sock drawer
Love turns to war so quickly, I envisioned us married and fifty
Couple of kids that we drop off at little league
I'm addicted to you, you only want the best, I need to listen to you
I'm fuckin' other girls, wishin' it's you (Yeah)
Fuck the bullshit, we in love
I'm a mess, but can you clean me up?
You might also like
Girl, I'm the worst, yeah
I know that I'm the worst, yeah
But you're somethin' I can't lose, let me just tell you the truth
That'd be a first, yeah
Girl, I'm the worst, yeah
I know that I'm the worst
Don't know what I gotta do, just love you so much
That it hurts

Yeah, um
And I see you fallin' victim to the thirst
All the sins you committed, you could prolly use a couple minutes in church
But, for what it's worth, I think you're perfect
There's an angel hidin' underneath your surface
Yeah, the woman of my dreams, I'm lookin' at her sleep
The pussy right in front of me, I shouldn't be so weak
What did I do to deserve a love like this?
You see her shinin'? That's my sunlight, bitch
I'm sick of fightin', that smile is so invitin'
I see you every time I'm writin'
I'm losin' to all my vices, they kickin' my ass
I hold on to this feelin', I wish it would last
Don't wanna lose you for some evil I did in the past
You knew I fucked that bitch and you didn't react?
Girl, it's me and you, how simple is that?
You gave me all your love, now I'm givin' it back
But I know that
Girl, you the worst, yeah
You know that you the worst
But I'm somethin' you can't lose, if you just told me the truth
That'd be a first, but
Girl, you the worst, yeah
You know that you the worst
Every time you say you sorry, everything you do just feel
Like it's rehearsed
83Embed