12 ContributorsKit (What’s the Scoop?) Lyrics
Kit, where you goin'?
Sorry, Michael, it's Rick the Ruler, I have to go

Lights, camera, action, you're on
Get 'em Ricky D, what's wrong?
The crowd's gone
So help me out Kit cause this thief has to be caught
Radio the chief of police, get a report
Chief of police said "Welp
I'm sorry Ricky D cause I really can't help"
Ahh drats I think I'll take a long walk
Kit put your scan on all these rappers in New York
"But Michael's callin' me Rick, I have to go
If I get a word you'll definitely be the first to know"
Well all that night I felt really uptight
Hello?, "Rick, it's Vance Wright
Throw on your clothes, I found 'em, they're down town"
Word?, "Someone's havin' a concert and they're using your crown"
What?, you sure its mine?
"Yo Rick, I know the shape of it, come on"
You know your scratches? "Yeah, plus I got tape of it"
Get over my house quick, ride your motorcycle
Kit, Ricky Rick, pick up, forget old Michael
Well here came the DJ, trucks to say the least
"Ayo let me hear the tape," it's a complete masterpiece
Yelp, I guess it is, but this one bound to overtake
I heard a *honk honk*, that's Kit, so let's break
Here go my rap Kit
Analyze a hit, so Kit what's the scoop?
"Slick Rick, this one is it"
You might also like
Well my tummy was growling while I was chilling in my seat
We stopped by McDonald's so I get something to eat
Skipped the line and the crowd started to break
"Hey yo, let me get a Big Mac and a strawberry shake"
Someone snatched me by my neck I thought I must be dead
Injected me with something, threw a bag over my head
I felt real weak, word, I couldn't even stand
I fell, next thing I was being thrust inside a van
Unconscious, who could be this shady?
When I awoke I was in a room with this lady
"So you're the boss, Rick Rick with all the clout?"
Uh-huh know why'm I tied up and what's this all about?
And this she left the room this was my one chance for hope
I used my watch lighter to burn away the rope
Then I's free, I's free, an alarm was alerted
I made a flying leap through the window and it hurted
Someone threw a knife, who could be this trife
So I ran and I ran cause I was petro' for my life
Stranded and raw I saw a phone not far
I radioed in to my supadelic car
Yo, what's with the concert, am I still in it to win it?
"Yes I'm in Manhattan and I'll be there in a minute
And oh, by the way, I re-listened to your hit, hey Rick"
What's the scoop? "Oh man, this one is it!"
Tight tight security - MAN, they was the softest
Came in with some cannons and bumrushed the office
Grabbed up the one who liked to front and pretend
No, I don't know who it is, some brother looking like a hen
"Let me go, let me go, please," you must be dusted
Hand cuffed this brother cause the thief could not be trusted
Grabbed up my money and my crown that's how I dissed 'em
I went on the mic, and DJ, man, I'm on the system
He warmed up the techniques to show he ain't soft
The crowd was up and this is how it started off

(Who, who, who is the top choice of them all?)

Yo Vance, cut, thanks a lot, who wanna die?
We up top, somewhat, forget me not
The class that I have won't last
Soon as I blast, from out the past, dash fast, and here at last
Vance Wright, no man can bring you this
And Ricky Rick, clean shot, cause I'm the king of this1Embed