7 Contributors100 Grand LyricsHook:x2
First you save a couple rubber bands (Yeah!)
Then you bring em back to Gucci Mane (Yeah!)
You know somebody, Shawty you the man (Yeah!)
Imma show you how to stack 100 grand (Yeah!)
Verse 1:
10 years old with a 8-ball jacket
9th grade Mack 9 got a 357
Before I bought my first 50, man I stole a Mack 11
Had to break in partner's house, First mission was successful
Every dollar to my name in my Crease Guess Jeans
Starter jacket, starter shirt, Try to take it, get murked
After school, whatever, yeah, awful lot I'm rollin'
All you gotta do is keep your next door neighbor smokin'
I'm poppin' pills and drinking off, Man I'm losing focus
Salt like a bag boy, cus I stack the groceries
Yeah I make it rain, but I feel like its promotion
Bitches tellin' other bitches 10,000 on Thursday
42 is worthy, Zone 6 is ervy
I could front ya shawty but I feel you don't deserve it
Hook:x2
First you save a couple rubber bands (Yeah!)
Then you bring em back to Gucci Mane (Yeah!)
You know somebody, Shawty you the man (Yeah!)
Imma show you how to stack 100 grand (Yeah!)
You might also likeVerse 2:
Before it pop, before it dock, Get it hot then make it spin
Splash it with the H2O, Hate to say I told ya so
Two hundred forty-seven thousand, Can I owe you 4?
Long as Gucci owe ya dog, then you're truly never broke
Heavy cus I'm smoking, but I be with hoes that never smoke
Don't won't none in their lungs, but they take some in their throat
My price look like I own the boat, Damn look like I'm on the boat
Like actually I went to South America and bought this coat
Got the money? Where's the dope? Meet me at the Texaco
Backseat of my Chevy, laughing tired, Thought you'd never go
Here's the money, Where's the coke? Meet me at the Amoco
Backseat of my Bentley, Tired of laughing, Thought you'd never go
Hook:x2
First you save a couple rubber bands (Yeah!)
Then you bring em back to Gucci Mane (Yeah!)
You know somebody, Shawty you the man (Yeah!)
Imma show you how to stack 100 grand (Yeah!)Embed