18 ContributorsMe & Nas Bring It To You Hardest Lyrics
Finally, a change from these fake rap artists
(Me and Nas bring it to you hardest)
Finally, real niggas that are Billboard charters
(Me and Nas bring it to you hardest)

Skills provide the shows, also fright the foes
And when I step into a room, pimps hide they hoes
"Is that really him?" "Yes, that's His Highness
And for the last time, stop lookin' at his fine ass" (Y'know!)
Homosexuals smirk, converse and say
"That nigga box is WORKIN', girlfriend!"
You wanna talk about a fat phrase carrier
To billionaire white chick jump the race barrier?
You know a nice girl, but I didn't want a bit of her
Sayin, "I like your slang, what's with the wife? Get rid of her"
Son, Sony talkin' Japanese
With mice like, "Whattup Rick? You can have my cheese, kid"
I am such a heavy hitter
Even chandelier jealous off the patch eye's glitter (bling!)
Rappers walkin' 'round strappin', fearsome, HERE, SON
And remember, your rap career's done

Finally, a change from these fake rap artists
(Me and Nas bring it to you hardest)
Finally, real niggas that are Billboard charters
(Me and Nas bring it to you hardest)
Finally, we'll separate the men from the heartless
(Me and Nas bring it to you hardest)
Finally, a tag team from the top all-starters
(Me and Nas bring it to you hardest)
You might also like
Run in spots, pants leg tucked in my socks
Puffin' Lamb's Bread, order drinks, Henn on the rocks
Wintertime, sport a fox, maybe a sable
Three-quarter length mink sound right for this occasion
Heard me John Blazin', see me in gangster flicks
Life is so amazin', hate to be paperless
Bill Gate in this, it must be God, I'm not a atheist
Wanted like kingpins by ATF
Your girl want my name on her chest
Me and Rick argue about whose chain is the best
Gucci boxers, my diet changed from sushi to pastas
Wear my hat like the late Sinatra's
Models pop they coochie when the spot us
Finally, rappers you could be proud of
From the Bronx to Queensbridge Houses, what?
If you feel me, then holla
Thug niggas who bail be worth a million dollars, what?

Trackmasters, Def Jam
Baby, what the deal?
Slick Rick, big Nas, yo3Embed