6 ContributorsWhy, Why, Why Lyrics
Say, Rick, why you keep playin' me and shit?
That's some foul shit (I know, I know)
I stand by you and shit (you're right, you're right)
Nah'msayin? (That's fucked up)
That's my word, I should cheat on your ass
(Nah, don't do that, don't do that)

Back in the day, we'd slow kiss
And man, I did search for an ulterior motive
'Cause all your look is sound hype
I wanna see if you're worthwhile, settlin' down type
God knows there's bigger
So, observe to see if you're gonna sweat the next nigga
Oh, help me make green light furriers
You know in life you can't race around with no worthless
So, continue the sequel
You weighed in the scale and we lived as free people
Then disagreein' erupt too
I don't feel my standards are bein' lived up to
So, erection conquers, I ran out, went and had sex in Yonkers
God knows that's flakin', jerkin' her
And not the replacement grade is lookin for

I thought you didn't love him, didn't need? (lay hey hey)
I thought you said forever, 'til deceased (lay hey hey)
I swore you were dishonest, do you believe? (lay hey hey)
I'll search this world forever, are you real? (lay hey hey)
You might also like
Low is my time of honor
Friend material and not that type of barner
So, myself out of chump
Would the problems with havin' worth that type of jump?
Commitment, Rick act cruddy
And regardless, move made and back studyin'
Still screamin', thrown and elegance
Grown, don't play around, grown intelligence
Fix what bother, and another
If speed's not made, once again, who gonna suffer?
Stubborn fools game, the mule came
Over here wit a girl from the old school name
Though hit and all though back's about wit memories
And that's about it, 'cause

I thought you didn't love him, didn't need? (lay hey hey)
I thought you said forever, 'til deceased (lay hey hey)
I swore you were dishonest, do you believe? (lay hey hey)
I'll search this world forever, are you real? (lay hey hey)

An uneasiness kept here
Even after we made this big giant step here
Womanhood, somewhere in the basement
Slowin' down again, so I'm lookin' her replacement
Music, poundin' a slow jam
Wit a girl knowin' and down wit the program
Although the honey aim style king
Would of took groomin' and tamin' the wild thing
Loud, uneasiness brought out
Still tried to shove my tongue down the bushy broad mouth
Speedin', chasin' after vacant
Tried to string along but I didn't have the patience
Learned from cussin' and confusion
Breakin' commandments wasn't a solution
Though a few minor clicks in relationship, still time to fix things
I thought you didn't love him, didn't need? (lay hey hey)
I thought you said forever, 'til deceased (lay hey hey)
I swore you were dishonest, do you believe? (lay hey hey)
I'll search this world forever, are you real? (lay hey hey)Embed