53 ContributorsThumbalina Lyrics
Straight up, I just wanna say one time, after two years at this ma'fuckin' crib: fuck all y'all ma'fuckers livin' all over this ma'fucker. Try kick me out—that goes for you, Mrs Watson. Wit'cha little ass kids always fuckin' cryin'. You got your little chihuahua. Fuck you and your motherfuckin' mama, bitch. I'm out here, suck my motherfuckin' dick!

Yeah
REMember Music
Old Jewish
(Go ahead)
(This is my favorite tambourine)
Yeah, yeah, yeah
That's how it's goin' down, one time for that
Okay, okay, yeah

(Oh my Lord) He's on drugs again
My neighbors yellin', I don't give a fuck again
And I swear to God if the cops come again
I'ma open up this door, get to rumblin'
Start bussin', bussin', bussin', bussin'
My dick, your mouth, no discussion, yeah
It's all happenin'; I must be imaginin'
Take a hit; time travelin'

Turn up the motherfuckin' volume
(Yeah, yeah, yeah) 'Til the speakers bust like the condom
And you a freak, why you hidin' in a costume?
That disguise make your body look awful
You might also like
Let me see them nipples, baby
Ooh (What's happenin', man?)
Don't give it all up, just a little, baby
Ooh (What's happenin' here?)
I'm just tryna free your mind
(Free your, free your mind)
'Cause all you see is dollar signs
( blinded by the streets)

Yeah
Line-crosser, real-life flyin' saucer
Nothin' straight 'bout her but her posture
Young prodi-gy, I'ma eat lobster
Pull Spanish bitches but I speak nada
And she got a need to roll the weed all up
You ain't got a chance when it's me on ya (Shit)
I'm a ma'fuckin' legend, girl
Leave that pussy killed (Kilt,) bitches out in Edinboro

Turn up the motherfuckin' volume
'Til the speakers bust like the condom
And you a freak, why you hidin' in a costume?
That disguise make your body look awful
Leave that pussy crippled, baby
Ooh (What's happenin', man? Haha)
Let me slide right down the middle, baby (Yeah)
Ooh, where the fuck my Thumbalina?
Has anybody seen her?
(Faces)
She blinded by the streets

Ooh

'Bout to start my own motherfuckin' committee and it's gon' be me and Josh, and it's gon' be with ma'fuckin' bitches with their ma'fuckin' ass and titties. I don't give a fuck. Shit.24Embed