24 ContributorsI Wanna Rock Lyrics
Right about now!

Snoop! Dogg! Snoop! Dogg! Snoop! Dogg!
 (Sample of "It Takes Two" by Rob Base & DJ EZ Rock)
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! (I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now)
Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! (I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now)

It's ya Eastside partner, Big Snoopy D-O
Turned like D-lo, catch me on your TiVo
Long Beach with me, the city and the turf chump
Get turf stomped, fuckin with the turf punk
I'm geeked up, I'm on my tip ho
Turn it up bee-itch, what you here foe?
I'm goin all in, that's what I do
My little niggas jerkin, what's up with you?
This little rappin ass, niggas tappin out
I'm almost twenty in, the fuck you rappin 'bout?!
My niggas peeled up, the homeys growin big
I'm all in the club rollin twenty crips
You see a G, you better know the deal
You see the fellas fool, I'm in the streets for real
I'm giggin' on these hoes, do 'em like dominos
I slam 'em on they back, and tell 'em "vamonos"
You might also like (Crowd Chanting)
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (Snoop! Dogg!)
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (Snoop! Dogg! Snoop! Dogg!)
(Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
(Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now

I see 'em comin huh, that's what I heard em said
The .38 the same color's the Chevrolets'
501s' on, gangsta lookin good
I'm in the club holmes, Chuck'n up the hood
We the West boy, yeah you see the shirt
Smokin on that Kobe, fuckin wit that purp
I gotta get 'er mayne, baby hella thick
She said her name was Seven, call me Michael Vick {*panting*}
Cause I'm a dog, ho, give 'em the dick and dash
Fuck whatchu called fo', if I ain't hit dat ass
I'm Snoopy D-O-Dubb, I get it poppin cuz
And when I'm in the buildin, they get to poppin up
They get to spendin cash, screamin T.I.U
Now gon' Turn It Up, lil' mama look at you!
I'm giggin on these hoes, do 'em like dominoes
And slam 'em on they back, and tell 'em "vamonos"
 (Crowd Chanting)
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (Snoop! Dogg!)
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (Snoop! Dogg! Snoop! Dogg!)
(Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
(Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now

Boss Dogg chillin, lookin like a million
Yeah, nigga got it, I'mma leave it
To my chil'ren
Tonight I'm on some other shit, and baby lovin it
Hella fast, grip dey ass like the oven mitt
I'm gooned up, boy! Rich as fuck, boy!
Black and gold brakes, that's my truck, boy
I'm on my Eastside, shit I'm workin
I got the party goin, and it's jerkin
My niggas all long, we rollin out deck
Hoes gettin in, you betta pick a bitch
Cause when I shut it down, the party's over wit
She call me Superman, I'm on my Soulja shit (Yooooou!)
Boss Dogg, get 'em, I sick 'em and take 'em home
West Coast bitch, I'm on my fuckin throne
I'm giggin on these hoes, do 'em like dominoes
And slam 'em on they back, and tell 'em "vamonos"
 (Crowd Chanting)
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (Snoop! Dogg!)
I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now (Snoop! Dogg! Snoop! Dogg!)
(Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
(Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!) I wanna rock right now, rock-rock-right now
I Wanna rock right now2Embed