8 ContributorsGo Away Lyrics
Let cho' mind not be confused
If you can walk this walk nigga take my shoes
New fools, you fools, these fools, all y'all
Talkin bad about me, and my motherfuckin dawg
He ain't trippin, I ain't trippin, but y'all niggas still dissin
To me, some of these suckers'll never get it
Full clip and if I miss it I'mma tip it on the Crip
And DoggHouse in your mouth, now tell me how you livin
Who the villain, you the villain? Nigga, Ren is "The Villain"
My homey from the C-P-T, cold chillin
Now as time flies by I see the game gettin mo' reala
As I get mo' scrilla, can you dig it?
I always tend to come widdit
Gravy train on your brain, nigga come get it
I'm too young to retire, I'm havin fun wit it
See when you learn what to do with it, I'll be done with it
Come with it

Go.. (just go away).. go a-way!
 Niggas can't be trusted
 Just come back another day
 Niggas be on bitch shit
 Just go far, a-way
 Niggas get it twisted
Just go a-way..
You might also like
Now she said she don't like a G
Well listen here bitch, get the fuck from 'round me
You thought you was bout to get a drink on me?
I put hands on you bitch like Suga Free
I always let a bitch know her boundaries
Same with a nigga, I treat him like a flea
You claim to be, you aim to be in my spot
Motherfucker - you will get popped (BLAOW)
Not, knowin who you fuckin wit, niggas be on bitch shit
Nigga we be fuckin quick, nigga we ain't talkin shit
When the heat speak, niggas be on bitch shit
Tryin to get somewhere, coverin up they biscuit
And then he in the club, all up on my dilznick
But when I leave, you niggas pullin trick shit
But it's cool, cause niggas gonna miss this
Cause I'mma keep it all business, what is this?


I said let yo' mind not be confused
If you can walk this walk nigga take my shoes
You fools, these fools, new fools, all y'all
Talkin bad about me, and my motherfuckin dawg
He ain't trippin, I ain't trippin, but y'all niggas still dissin
Look here Meech, some of these niggas'll never get it
Full clip and if I miss it I'mma tip it on the Crip
And DoggHouse in your mouth, now tell me how you livin
Who the villain, you the villain? Nigga, Ren is "The Villain"
My homey from the C-P-T, cold chillin
Now as time fly I see the game gettin mo' reala
As I get mo' scrilla, can you dig it?
I always tend to come widdit
Gravy train on your brain, nigga come get it
Too young to retire, I'm havin fun wit it
When you learn what to do with it I'll be done with it
Come with it

Yeah I'm bout to go far away
So far you might not see me
My nigga Meech on the beat
We takin over this motherfucker, ha ha!
And they thought we fell off
Fell all up in your motherfuckin ass
Be-ii-ee-ii-itch!
KoKane - aww that's funky right there
Puttin it back on the map
Uhh, let me hear some dawg
Ahhh, as we take your mind
To a dimension you never thought existed

{*vocals ad lib to end*}1Embed