5 ContributorsCan I Get a Flicc Witchu Lyrics
Yeah, brand new Snoop Dogg 
Somethin' to crack the New Year off, you dig? 

One for the trouble, two for the bass
Come on everybody let's rock this place

Doggy Dogg, you are the best
Rock this beat cause you are so fresh 
Well if you insist her I guess I'll twist her
But, give me a minute while I freak your sista
Push the pista up against her
No offense, but this pimp'in mista
Bow your fist up or hold your cris up
Light that bitch up and blow your sist up
This that shit to get your jive talkin'
East Side RTC walkin'
People, people listen closely
I say it cause mostly when y'all approach me
Stay low key and keep it OG and don't try to burn rubber on me

I love your movies you are awesome Snoop
(Can I get a flicc withchu?)
I buy your records, everything you do
(Can I get a flicc withchu?) {Oh really?}
My daughter loves you; she's only two
(Can we get a flicc withchu?)
You a handsome fella, you kinda cute
(I really wanna get withchu)
You might also like
Doggy Dogg you are the best
Rock this beat cause you are so fresh
Doggy Dogg you are the best
Take this shit back home to the West
Melissa Brista in San Francisca
The cute little sista with the feet for blista
Say that I dissed her cause I wouldn't kiss her
But I got her a picture say I'll holla back witcha (I'll holla)
Hey, they say that I'm like Mr. Bigsta
All these bullshit moves to miss us
Divide in twisters we buy relistas
We mind my listnats cause I'm a mimsta
Design by mimstas these time are senistas
But I'mma finish her on the ground until it's done
Knives and silly clubs - hoes and fake thugs
Pimps, players and all the above


(Oooooh Weeee)

Yeah, that's bangin' loco (For shizzle)
Oh, were was I? Oh yes, spittin' to flip ya
Comin' thru scriptures; straight your ditchas
Pigs won't pinch us, won't just miss us
And they wanna french kiss us
Pack the pistas, twist don't twist us
Roll with me on this dog adventure
But you can't enter without your credentias
And if you get in, you might get a picture (come on)
So sit your shit down, go on and get down
It's huggy baby, it's comin' in your town
You don't wanna miss this, it's just like Christmas
So make your wish list and go on and flicc this (Preach)


Go VIP with big D-O-G and see what gangstas do
Once we get withchu we can take pictures
We came to funk withchu

Oh, for real yo on the dilli-do
Follow the bouncin' ball
Say, who do you call? (Who do you call?)
Oh, for real yo on the dilli-do
Oh, follow the bouncin' ball baby (Who do you call?)
Yeah (Who do you call?)
Warm me up
Burn it up me, keepin' your hot spot hot
Turn it up me, shake what you got - you got a lot
Burn it up me, keepin' your hot spot hot
Turn it up me, shake what you got - you got a lot1Embed