10 ContributorsGuilty Conscience (Acapella) Lyrics
Meet Eddie, 23 years old
Fed up with life and the way things are going
(Damn, I'm going fucking insane)
He decides to rob a liquor store
(I gotta take this shit, I can’t take it no more, holmes)
But on his way in, he has a sudden change of heart
(Shit is mine)
And suddenly (I gotta do this)
His conscience comes into play (I gotta do this)

Alright, stop (Huh?)
Now before you walk in the door of this liquor store
And try to get money out the drawer
You better think of the consequence (Who are you?)
I'm your mother****** conscience
That's nonsense
Go in, gaffle the money, and run to one of your aunt’s cribs
And borrow a damn dress and one of her blond wigs
(Can I borrow this?)
Tell her you need a place to stay, you'll be safe for days
If you shave your legs with Renee's razor blades
Yeah, but if it all goes through like it's supposed to
The whole neighborhood knows you and they'll expose you
Think about it before you walk in the door first
Look at the store clerk, she's older than George Burns
Bump that, do that sh**, hit that lick
Can you afford to blow this hit? Are you that rich?
Why you care if you scared of death? Are you that chick?
Do you really think she gives a **** if you have kids?
Man, don't do it, it's not worth it to risk it (You’re right)
Not over this slit (Stop)
Drop the biscuit (I will)
Don’t even listen to Slim, yo, he's bad for you
You know what, Dre? I don’t like your attitude
You might also like
These voices, these voices, I hear them
And when they talk, I'll follow, I'll follow, I'll follow, I’ll follow
(All these voices, these voices) Meet Stan, 21 years old
After meeting a young girl at a rave party (I hear them, hear them)
(And when they talk, I'll follow, I'll follow)
Things start getting hot and heavy in an upstairs bedroom
(I'll follow, I'll follow)
Once again, his conscience comes into play (All these)

Now, listen to me, while you're kissin' her cheek
And smearin' her lipstick, slip this in her drink
Now all you gotta do is nibble on this little chicken's earlobe
Yo, this girl's only fifteen years old
How could you take advantage of her? She's passed out
It's easy, just cut these lights out, that's how
Then pick this chicken up, get her off Brad's couch
And leave her on the front porch at her mom and dad's house
Man, ain't you ever seen that one movie Kids?
No, but I seen the porno with Sun Doobiest (Doobiest)
You wanna get hauled off to jail?
Bump that, drop her off, ring the doorbell, then bail

These voices, these voices, I hear them
And when they talk, I'll follow, I'll follow, I'll follow, I'll follow
Meet Grady, a 29-year-old construction worker
(All these voices, these voices)
After coming home from a hard day's work (I hear them)
(And when they talk, I'll follow)
He walks in the door of his trailer park home
(I'll follow, I'll follow)
To find his wife in bed with another man (I'll follow all these)
Alright, calm down, relax, start breathin'
Start breathin'? Man, you just caught your wife cheatin'
While you at work, she's with some dude tryna get off
Forget gettin' divorced, cut this chicken's head off
Wait, what if there's a good explanation for this?
What, she tripped, fell, landed on his ****?
Tsh, alright, Shady, maybe he's right, Grady
But think about the baby before you get all crazy
Okay, thought about it? Still wanna grab her?
Kick her our the house, get your daughter and kidnap her?
That's what I did, be smart, don't be a retard
You gonna take advice from somebody who slapped Dee Barnes?
What you say?
What's wrong? Didn't think I'd remember?
I'ma kill you, you lil mothaf-
Uh-uh, temper, temper
Mr. Dre, Mr. N.W.A, Mr. AK
Comin' straight outta Compton, y'all better make way
How in the hell you gonna tell this man not to be violent?
'Cause he don't need to go the same route that I went
Been there, done that
Aw, **** it, what am I sayin'?
Do 'em both, Grady, where's your gun at?Embed