5 ContributorsWhich One of You LyricsYes.. greetings loved ones
You inside the Nine Inch Dick, experience
For the 2000 plus S-I-X
Oh we're still in it
Dig this

She the type of girl to play (which one of you bitches like me?)
I met her just the other day (which one of you bitches like me?)
She really didn't wanna give me no play (which one of you bitches like me?)
As I walked up she just turned away (which one of you bitches like me?)

I saw you hangin with yo' friends (which one of you bitches like me?)
They was lookin at my friends (which one of you bitches like me?)
But which one of y'all was checkin out this pimped-out playa?
Girl you don't have to pretend
Whoa whoa whoa whoa, baby
I seen your homegirls jockin my riiiiide
And ooh, baby
Which one of y'all will step off insiiiiide - and run away with me

Which one of you bitches like me?
Which one of you bitches, bitches!
Which one of you bitches like me?
Which one of you bitches, bitches
You might also like
We was at the party like (which one of you bitches like me?)
I was tryna live the naughty life (which one of you bitches like me?)
Man them skinny girls was everywhere...
I had to stop, pause and fix my hair - hand me my mirror Jerome
She was big but she was cute (which one of you bitches like me?)
And I noticed she had major loot (which one of you bitches like me?)
Ho, ho, ho - it really didn't matter what she weighed...
See cause a big girl loves to play and play a playa, playa

Hey! Bitches! I need yo' attention
Who wanna ride in a pimped-out Cadillac and say hey!
Delicious, you look sweet like candy
I gotta ride shotgun with a bad bitch in the back
No matter what you see, or baby what you saw
If you stand tall, we gon' ball through it all
And if the police come, don't let me take a fall
Please stuff this work, in the crotch of your drawers
Which one of you like me?
I heard she was a major ho, so unforgettable
Next time I see her though, I'mma let her know

We been drinkin havin fun, me and you, one on one
Doin thangs, holdin hands, makin plans, help me sing
We been drinkin havin fun, me and you, one on one
Doin thangs, holdin hands, makin plans, I'm your man

 - fades out w/ ad libs2Embed