4 ContributorsEastside Party Lyrics
Nigga you young! {Echoes}

No one does it better! {Echoes}

No one throws a Eastside party like we do
Nobody...No one does it better

Break out the weed and the drank and chill out and get high
It's 1 A.M. and the crowd is still live
Relax to the groove, I mean, just move with ya boy
Got shit poppin' like always, you know, so enjoy
Go make yourself at home, got big meat on the grill
Ladies and homies all in the mix, it's time to chill
Sha-La-La brought the orange, with the zags and the blunts
Roll up some Bob Marley joints of some skunk, Daz with Thai
And Nate got a hundred piece
So we piece up properly on the O.Z
We in the zone bombed out feelin' good, ya know
Got the homegirls and homies from the hood, ya know
2-1, 1-9, 2-0, we all in the house
And it's a Long Beach thang where I was born and hung out
To all my players and hustlers and gangbangers, listen up
It's about time I kick a rhyme to fuck shit up
Now who throws shit?
You might also like
No one throws a Eastside party like we do
Nobody...No one does it better

Now do the gangstas run this motherfucka? (Hell Yeah!)
Or do the ladies run this motherfucka? (Hell Yeah!)

No one throws a Eastside party like we do
Nobody...No one does it better

Now the party is bumpin', thumpin' back to back
And Daz on the turntables puttin' down a scratch (HA!)
I'm on the mic so I'mma bust me a rap
And I'mma dedicate this one to a pack of hoodrats
The Dogg Pound nation, locs and big posse
These is the peoples I see rockin' the party
Make a nigga wanna poplock on the flo'
And do the Boogaloo Shrimp and pimp the ho
I got to owe 'em my life cuz I'm a O.G
I got the love in the hood cuz I'm the big homie
I got the skills when it comes to rockin rhymes
So put your hands up to the sky, get yours, I got mines
Now everything is live, don't you agree?
And if you do, then keep on groovin' with that nigga D-O-double-G
We ridin' with the hat to the side of the ride
Y'all know how we do on the Eastside
You see the thing is we like to keep it harder
And we real party people just like Afrika Bambaataa
What do you want? Matter fact, what do you need?
Cuz we keep it all on point from the drank to the joint
So pass the bottle, ain't no need to squabble
And hand it to the little homie, let him have a swallow
It's a Eastside thang, nigga, bring yo ass
G's up Ho's down, nigga, you know the program
No one throws a Eastside party like we do
Nobody...No one does it better

(What you watchin' the clock for?) The clock tickin'
But it won't stop kickin' cuz everybody kickin' it
And gettin at the bitches, which is, the main thing gangstas do
Skip the bump cuz the rump's what I came to view
New pussy in the hood, shall I kill it? (Kill It!)
The way she got it poppin, no, it's probably hotter than a skillet
But baby don't tweak, like you ain't no freak, peep
I keep my game tight, it ain't no leaks
So we can keep this on the down low
And take a walk with the Dogg and lemme show you what the pound for
Candlelight and romancin'
If I can just get the last dance in at the mansion

No one throws a Eastside party like we do
Nobody...No one does it better

No one throws a Eastside party like we do
Nobody...No one does it betterEmbed