36 ContributorsJam Lyrics
Hello?
(Hello, Theresa?)
Yeah, it's me
(Yo, what up kid?)
What's up?
(Yo, we going to this joint tonight?)
Word
(Word up, what you wearing?)
I don't know, I'll probably throw on my black leggings and my Tommy Hilfiger tee shirt, 'cause it's hot outside
(Word up, I'm feelin' my sun, to get jiggity with the fellas )
Word up
(Can you dig?)
Yeah, no doubt. I gotta look right for the nigga
(Ha, ya know what I'm sayin'? A'ight yo, I should go)
Yeah
(A'ight)

It was Friday afternoon in the middle of June
Heineken bottle caps and the aroma of boom
Around the time everybody just got home from class
Shootin' dice, talkin' shit, hopin' the cash would last
Yo, this was around the time when I didn't know no better
Juney rolled around in a tinted-out Jetta
You might also like
Then he introduced me to that hydro smoke
And I took one toke, yo, I almost choked
See, I never smoked before, so my nerves got shot
Then he told me about the party at the spot Jamroc
It was guaranteed on, but I said "Son, chill"
There's a joint around the way that's supposed to be real, word

He said we got all day, so we gonna do it right
Hit your man's joint first and Jamrock in one night
Then I said "Aight", then I hopped inside the Jetty
Let me take a shower, I'm sweaty, and then I'll be ready
Tonight is the night I get my groove on steady
And get my drink on with that Ford named Betty
I went upstairs to get fly, smoke my Thai
Drunk some liquor, to meet my high quicker
Now, I'm type stimo, the party is the M.O
Me and my crew, we get it started like a demo
Eleven in the evenin', I'm feelin' like a heathen
This thing is goin' down and I highly doubt I'm leavin'
Booty cheeks are in motion and the kids was drinkin' potion
Word is bond, that Black Moon joint got me open
(Don't front)

Yo, the DJ flipped the script
Threw on the good shit that made the kid lose his grip
Blendin' Risin' to the Top and got these shorties hoppin'
Number coppin', ain't no stoppin' me now
Yo, I'm bound to win until that thing kicked in
The Alizé had me stuck, I don't know where to begin
Now I'm feelin' kinda jaded, wild incoherent
Me and the fellas started actin' irreverent
Butt grabbin', mad laughin', just assin'
Then that chick caught up, the shorty lookin' fed up
They said you jonesin' with this one, you gibbin' with that one
A-yo, I'm just doin' my thing, yo, I'm just havin' fun
You don't see me in here wildin', pullin' out no gun
Yo, I see some of that thing, girl, and I want some
So let's step inside this corner so that we can rap on
Over this bumpin' ass song, plus some Dom Perignon
I hit ya with the good lovin', plus fillet mignon
Yeah, yeah, scrammy scrams, that's that same old song
Aiyo, tell me why the hell your breath smells so strong?
Yo, put some brakes on your yappin' or you won't live long
Please, nigga, push on
Alright, scrams, see you later (Scrams?)
Can't mess with these street sharks or these alligators
I can't take it no more, yo, it's damn near four
I've been partyin' and drinkin' since I came out my door
Look at these kids about to mix it, damn, where's the exit?
Son jetted to the ride and got the burner out the Lexus
Yo, he cocked his joint back like he's about to let 'em have it
Kid, I kept it movin' like the Energizer rabbit
Yo, yo, a-yo, yo, it's time to skate, ain't no time to contemplate
(all: Whoops, looka there, there's Jake)

Alright, you guys wanna move the cars? C'mon. Let's go

Yo c'mon Al. That shit was fucked up man. Yo that nigga fuckin' pulled outta the borough like that? Yo let's get the fuck up outta here

Aye yo, why them niggas always assin' out man? Yo, them niggas always assin' out. They can't even have a good one on a hot summer night man. It's alright man. Word up. This hot weather is makin' niggas act stupid! Niggas be actin' stupid in this hot weather baby

Yo, it's 3 o'clock in the morning

Hey Mal man, I'm tired of these funny style niggas man

It's hotter than a witch's crotch son

What's up son?

Get in the car kid...What the fuck is you doin' man?

C'mon man, get in man! It's hot as hell, I need some A.C. man!

Muhammad, I can't close the door you fat boy!

'Cause of yo fat ass

Yo it's Muhammad

It ain't no Muhammad man

Yo will y'all shut the fuck up man, y'all in my motherfuckin' car man

C'mon man... Yo why you kid- why you talkin' to me like that man? Whoo-hoo-hoo! Baby

I'm sayin' man... Hol' up. Can I say something please, man?

What's up man, what up?
What?.. What you gotta say?

Yo... every fuckin' time man. We go out man, we always get towed the fuck down. These broads be fuckin' shammin' like it fuckin'...

Yo Mal, you hot man?

Fakin' ass...

... and I'm tired of it man. I'm 22 years old. And I get crazy high every time I go to a party man. And the stupid shit be jumpin' off man

I ain't gonna front. I agree man. Word up

I can't have this no more. I've gotta find something new man8Embed