9 ContributorsI’m On One Lyrics
Aiyyo this is Ed Lover man
Yo Talib, show these niggas what it is man
You're a real rhymer man, you're a real emcee man
These old doo-doo ass, bonehead
Fuckin Squarehead Spongebob-head motherfuck those kids
They ain't got no skills son, they can't do shit
Aiyyo Talib, tell 'em man, "C'MON SON~!"
 + (Khrysis)
(Yeah!) No sleep 'til Brooklyn
(Khrysis on the board with the heat y'all, Kweli)
Yeahhhh!! (Let's get 'em)

Son... c'mon son
Yeh, yeah, I'm on one
Son... c'mon son
I, I, I'm on one
Son... (yeah that's what you been waitin for) c'mon son
(You are now in TUUUNE!) Yeh, yeah, I'm on one
(You are now in tune) Son... c'mon son (Gutter Rainbows)
Yeah

This be that, crack it must be what you're usin if you challenge me
You're sniffin on that white girl
The Valeries, the Natalies, the Mallorys
Got you sweatin like you're losin calories
Battle me? You confuse illusion with reality
Back up off me you had your glory
Man I never seen a sadder story
Blame yourself you mad at me you mad at Corey
I left the maze you still the white mice in the laboratory
Don't test the brain son, I'm quite nice at Scattergories
Metaphors and allegories speakin at your colleges
Pathologies I keep my ghetto promises, I promise this
The rhyme'll leave you bloody as.. first responders get
You hear em coming with the sirens of titans like Kurt Vonnegut
They appetite for dominance rival that of the Ottoman
Phenomenon, I'll eat you after dark like this was Ramadan
Ain't no patience for the whack emcee
This ain't WorldStar, homey this ain't Vlad TV
So stop posin for the camera, I'm showin all you amateurs
Life is a bitch, it's how you handle her
You let the chips (uh uh) drop, let 'em fall where they may
This an "Everyday Struggle" like Notorious say
You might also like
Son {*scratched: "YEAH!"*} c'mon son
{"YEAH!"} Yeh, yeah, I'm on one
{"YEAH!"} C'mon son
{"YEAH!"} I, I, I

I got the recipe for rest in peace
I never ran, but I'm lookin so Presidential
I still command you to arrest the chief
Rebellion is my specialty
While the mad cows convince you to invest in beef
I play this game without a referee so there ain't no official
So even Too $hort couldn't "Blow the Whistle"
Oh yeah I flow a little! You mighta heard of me
Producers got restrainin orders.. I murder beats
State of emergency like Dudus Coke
You hate it but you love it though
We smoke and roll one up a double Dutch but I ain't jumpin rope
My gutter flow, ice cold like the love below
Bring the hood right into your bungalo
Teach you how to start, ironically bionic Lee Majors
Now you can do us a favor and stop your coonish behavior
You rude as Judas who was an intruder truly a hater
Stab your neighbor in the back, you'll do anything to be famous
Stop posin for the camera, I'm showin all you amateurs
Life is a bitch, it's how you handle her
You let the chips (uh uh) drop, let 'em fall where they may
This an "Everyday Struggle" like Notorious say
Son {*scratched: "YEAH!"*} c'mon son
{"YEAH!"} Yeh, yeah, I'm on one
{"YEAH!"} C'mon son
{"YEAH!"} Yeh, yeah, I'm on one

Now where y'all at man?
This is America ain't it?
Where can I be free?
Ay, you can do what you wanna do man

Yo what the fuck happened to skills man?
Y'all, y'all ain't go no skills man
Yo Kweli man, show these niggas what's goin on son
Show these niggas man that
Tha-tha-tha-that that old A-B-C shit
That they talkin 'bout is bullshit son
Get the FUCK outta here with that bullshit~!
Man where's Mos Def at anyway son?
F'real son, c'mon son!!Embed