27 ContributorsShock Body Lyrics
Yeah, yeah
It's like, what you gonna do when we come through? When you—
Yeah, shock body like
What you gonna do when we come through? Kweli
Uh, yeah, BK MC, like
What you gonna do when we come through? When you—
Woo, yeah, come on
Uh, uh

Watch how Talib Kweli Greene do it, what I bring to it
You hear the theme music?, my rhymes are life support, dog, breathe to it
Rhymes so bright the sunshine beams to it
Stop haters in their tracks like high beams, watch the movement
You was at the crime scene screaming "I ain't do it," but
I seen through it, it's obscene how I spew it
Martin Luther King had a dream to it, people cling to it
I seen your mama lean to it in a green Buick
Wack niggas get passed over so much they seem Jewish
Better leave and do it now or seem foolish
This music, I bleed to it, I raise my seeds to it
I MC with the truest in the game
I stay hungry like I'm the newest in the game
And stay hot like I'm bluish with the flame
You heard the truth when it came
And you knew it was the name that you couldn't pronounce
Now I'm all up in your mouth
My people all up in the house and we calling you out
Got niggas cryin', what you bawlin' about?
This shit is dead like they chalking you out
Ayo, that's what I'm talking about
You might also like
Look up in the sky, recognize it's sunshine (Yeah)
What you gonna do when we come through? When you—
How can you deny when it's right in your eyes?
Shock body, rock the block party, like
What you gonna do when we come through? When you—
Look up in the sky, recognize it's sunshine (Come on and)
Come on and, Kweli like
What you gonna do when we come through? When you—
How can you deny when it's right in your eyes? (Yeah, come on)

Check the writing skills, forever coming tight with the quill
You sound like you likin' the thrill or fillin' the pipe with the the krill
You must be smoking like the spliff we like to light when we build
Out of respect for the dead, we let our Heinekens spill
Cats takin' Vicodin pills to numb the pain that they feelin'
Pertainin' to stealin' my rhymes, they findin' their brains on the ceilin'
I'm blowing they minds wide open when I'm flowing divine
Ayo, my whole style banging like I'm throwing up signs
Niggas get cut like I saw someone I know in the line
I live life to the fullest 'cause I know I could die
Right now, I don't believe, I know and decide
My fate so just go on and ride, when I'm gone, goodbye
You gon' see a rainbow in the sky
And my mama face glowing with pride
My firstborn held it down and through my baby's soul, I survive
Put your hands in the air and let me know you're alive
I love this game, y'all, I ain't even gon' lie
I can see you all rockin' 'cause you know when it's live, word
Look up in the sky, recognize it's sunshine
Shock body, rock the block party, like
What you gonna do when we come through? When you—
How can you deny when it's right in your eyes? (Yeah, Kweli like)
What you gonna do when we come through? When you—
Look up in the sky, recognize it's sunshine (Come on and)
Come on and now
What you gonna do when we come through? When you—
How can you deny when it's right in your eyes? (Yeah, feelin' that, yo, like)

What you gonna do when we come through? When you—
Put your hands together, everybody like
C'mon
BK, BX, Q-Borough, like
What you gonna do when we come through? When you—
ATL, Chi-Town, Los Angeles, Bay Area, everybody like
What you gonna do when we come through? Yeah
The whole world rocking, yo, BK like
What you gonna do when we come through? Kweli
Look up in the sky, recognize it's sunshine (Yeah, I'm feelin' this like)
What you gonna do when we come through? Everybody
How can you deny when it's right in your eyes? (Put your hands in the mother— sky like, everybody like)
What you gonna do when we come through? Yeah
Look up in the sky, recognize it's sunshine (Yo)1Embed