25 ContributorsPubic Enemy Lyrics
Check this out, Kool DJ Red Alert
With my man, Q-Tip

In the morning, woke up from sexual pleasures
Looked at her sexual partner
Who acquainted her acquaintance
Five hours ago at a disco
She went lower than low, into limbo
A thought crossed the mind, her, a bimbo
She answered no, so she had to go.. on with the program
Credence, it seems that I've forgotten your name
But it seems that she's done the same
And now something has happened
Suddenly, she's been distracted
By somethin' that has been attracted
She poked and poked, and smacked at it
Then she broke down and she scratched it
Now, I think you understand
Clinic — saw the doctor flex his biceps
Then he picked up a pair of forceps
Her pretty face showed fright!
Right then and there, she fainted
A really grim picture is painted
The brother who she acquainted
Was the enemy, scary ain't it?
The Pubic Enemy
You might also like
YEAH!
Let me tell you more about pubic enemy
Ay, Q-Tip...

Old King Cole was a merry old soul
Had a lady queen, married since 18
He protested, that he was infested
Get lots of love, and he couldn't digest it
All propaganda, one big fat lie
'Cause I see the king with my very own eye
Schemed and schemed like a crack fiend king
And poppin' up on the teenage scene
And poppin and pimpin' on honeys with moneys
Whole situation to me was kinda funny
He hold the crown, but not the jimmy hat
Now he wears a frown, and the jimmy hates that
So the fair maiden in the royal bedroom
Caught the king scratchin', so she had to assume
That he got vicked by the enemy's trick
The thought of cheatin' made the maiden so sick
That she screamed and screamed, went on and kept screamin'
Threw a pot and his dome was beamin'
You could hear him yellin' in the motherland
"Baby, baby, please, baby, understand"
She ignored and walked through the gate
The king is in the kingdom to await his fate.. of the enemy
The Pubic Enemy
Propmaster (Yeah?)
Please listen to me (What?)
Somethin' is lurkin' by the Jimbrowski
(Who? Jenny?)
No, not propulated
A horrible creature that must be penetrated
He gets all into ya, then he tries to do ya
You better run fast, he's gonna pursue the...
(What!? Yo! listen here, Propmaster whiz, no one fears...)
Okay, bro, just thought I'd let ya know
How he lives, and how he go
Watch yourself when you're out on the run
The enemy is missed, we'll have too much fun
There's four friends of mine that thought they were bad
And laid up this girl, so now they're sad
They scratched and scratched like it was Saturday and...

Listen here, this is Kool DJ Red Alert
Known as the true, the only, the very one, the Propmaster
There's only one thing I gotta tell ya
There's a whole lotta propmasters out there
You know what I mean?
Shaheed a propmaster
Q-Tip a propmaster
The Jungle Brothers a propmaster
BDP a propmaster
45 King a propmaster
I won't tell you nuthin' 'bout the ladies
They ain't no propmaster
But you know who's the main propmaster — ME!3Embed