4 ContributorsThe Feeling Keeps on Coming Lyrics
(The Empire, the Empire)
(It's alright, it's alright, it's alright)
Yeah, another one of them Slauson Boy hits (The feeling keeps on coming)
Nipsey Hussle, ayy, this that new shit
I know y'all niggas done had this feeling before
All my real niggas, you know
I don't give a fuck what hood you from (The feeling keeps on coming)
Know what I'm talkin' 'bout, just feel me on this
Look, I got a question
(Yeah, yeah)

Have you ever felt this feelin' of paranoia from killin'?
Knowin' your days numbered and your freedom ain't a given
When the bounties that drop 'cause the Johnny's is hot
That's when you sloppy niggas make your first mistake and get caught
Facin' football numbers'll have him show his true colors
Pride reduced to nothin', got him cryin' for his mother
I spit that shit that make a nigga think twice
'Cause I got too many homies in the county facin' life
Injunction Gang, they call us terrorists now
We cliqued up with Osama to shoot the bird down
And now that you feds is listenin'
Y'all can suck my dick, I'll kill your witness
T.I.'s king of the South, but I'm from South Central
And I'm the next nigga out the West, pay attention
Pushin' pounds out of town in the rental (It's alright)
To sittin' on chrome, beats rattlin' my window
I done it all, I was young up in the game
Put a gun up in his face, take his money then his chain (The feeling keeps on coming)
How many times I risk trips to the pen?
Money, cars, and clothes with my adolescent grin (The feeling keeps on coming)
I never sniffed no coke, that ain't my thang, loc
I mix the Grey Goose with lemon juice and weed smoke (The feeling keeps on coming)
Crips say 'cuz hard, Damus say, "Blood fresh"
I'm from a place where you the victim or the suspect (Yeah, yeah)
So when I spit that hood shit, you know I ain't tryin'
And when I spit that hood shit, you know I ain't lyin'
Two 12's in my trunk, let my speakers bang
Half a bird on my neck, let my chain hang
Go 'head and jock, bitch, I know you like them rocks
Whoever said, "Time is money," must've seen my watch
Them Alpinas on that Lincoln is nice
They had the diamonds on my cross, peep the passion of Christ (Woo)
You might also like
Hold up, hold up, hold up, homie
Ayy, though, check this out, you heard what that nigga just said though?
You feel me? Y'all finna buy my album?
Y'all, y'all finna start payin' for this shit, homie
You know what I'm talkin' 'bout Slauson Boy Records
We official, nigga, you know I ain't just rappin', nigga
You hear all that? (Yeah)
Nigga, that's 500 grams, nigga (It's alright)
That's half a bird, nigga
That's why I just pulled off my white tee, nigga
You feel me? Nipsey Hussle
Ain't too many young niggas gon' do it like I did it (The feeling keeps on coming)
Yeah, what up, J. Stone? What up, Set Trip? (What it do? The feeling keeps on coming)
Cuzzy Capone, feel me
This is it, nigga, uh, yeah (The feeling keeps on coming), uh
Baby Down, what it do, huh? Good or nothin' (Yeah, yeah), yeah, uh
Right, Slauson Boy, Slauson Boy
Right, Slauson Boy, Sl-Slauson
Right, Slauson Boy, Slauson Boy
Right, Slauson Boy, Sl-Slauson
Right, Slauson Boy, Slauson Boy, uh
Right, Sl—, Sl-Slauson
Right, Slauson Boy, Slauson Boy (Slauson)
Right, Slauson Boy, Sl-Slauson
Right, Slauson Boy, yeah, nigga
Nipsey Hussle, look, now
When I say "Slauson," y'all say "Boy"
Slauson, right, Slauson, yeah
When I say "Nipsey," y'all say "Hussle"
Nipsey, Nipsey
When I say "Slauson," y'all say "Boy" (It's alright)
Slauson, yeahEmbed