11 ContributorsWon’t You Stay Lyrics
Yeah
This the best part of the trip
Hold onto something, hold onto someone
We 'bout to take the road less traveled
You ain't gotta go home, but you can't stay here
Let's go

I get lonelier each time
You go away, I lose my mind
I lay awake 'til you come and make things right (Yeah, yeah)
I get lonelier each time you go away (Come on)
So, baby, won't you stay with me tonight? (Yeah)

Check it out
There's this lady I'm in love with (Yes, there is)
Living inside this woman I know
But she's scared to let her show
I know it sound like some bug shit (Yeah, it do)
It's just she come with
Hang-ups and insecurities that gotta go
She always nervous around me
But see, this lady inside
She's ready to be my baby tonight
And ever since this lady found me
This woman think I'm dangerous
And ain't ready to put her safety aside
I try to tell her that I got her back
And no matter where we at in our lives
I'll treat her like she my girl
I asked her, "What's wrong with that?" (What's wrong with that?)
She like, "It just ain't right
There's so many more women than men in the world"
I have to admit the girl got a point (True)
Maybe my ambition's made to make me want something I just can't have
So now it's time for me to blow this joint
I still know I'm in love
I just stay focused and true to my path, word
You might also like
I get lonelier each time
You go away, I lose my mind
I lay awake 'til you come and make things right (Yeah, yeah)
I get lonelier each time you go away (Uh)
So, baby, won't you stay with me tonight? (Yeah, yeah)

I got to get away
Ladies, you ever felt thrown away
By your man asking "Baby, won't you stay?"
He chilling with his crew
He should be building with you
He got you feeling the blues
'Cause the children the glue
But he willing to do whatever it takes to save 'em
From a fate he can't see when he misbehaving
Brave men don't let they ladies raise they children theyself
You so busy tryna save 'em that you killing yourself
With the stress and strife and the fights and the advice
From the ladies of the night who can't run they own life
Up in your air, nothing is fair, why do you care?
Why do you always take it there? The crying, the tears
You ain't prepared for the jewels that I'm trying to share
You lyin' there dying inside, hot in the fear
The writing is clear on the wall for you to read the sign
Ayo, divine is the way we design, you'll be fine, but still
I get lonelier each time (I get so lonely)
You go away, I lose my mind
I lay awake' til you come and make things right (Make it right, make it right, make it right)
I get lonelier each time you go away (Come on)
So, baby, won't you stay with me tonight?

I gotta go, I gotta go, I gotta go (Baby, don't go)
I gotta go, I gotta go, I gotta go (Baby, don't go)
I gotta go, I gotta go, I gotta go (Baby, don't go)
I gotta, I gotta
I gotta go, I gotta go, I gotta go (Baby, don't go)
I gotta go, I gotta go, I gotta go (Baby, don't go)
I gotta go, I gotta go, I gotta go (Baby, don't go)
I gotta, I gotta

Yo, you can tell when people wanna spend they life together
Despite the weather, treat each other like a treasure
Can't fight forever, you got to give it up
I ain't got a lot of time, we gotta live it up
I make my music like I make my love
People use it like they take they drugs
In the morning when they waking up (Wake up)
This music got me out late, but
I'll holla at you when I'm done, don't stay up
Will love play with us? It sting like paper cuts
Doused in alcohol, but if it's real, there ain't no greater rush
I got faith in us, it's only you who really know me
I be surrounded by people and still feel lonely
So, baby, won't you stay? (Why won't you stay?)
Baby, won't you stay? (Why won't you stay?)
Baby, won't you stay with me tonight? (Oh)
Stay with me tonight
Stay with me tonight
Oh
Come on1Embed