17 ContributorsRock Rock Y’all Lyrics
Yo! We about to rock this joint, from the family. And
We want y'all all to know, that it's time...

To rock rock, y'all, freak freak, y'all
To the beat, y'all, it's unique, y'all
Rock rock, ya'll, freak freak y'all
To the beat, y'all, it's unique, y'all

A-yo, praise the master, make plans with your pastor
My rap'll blast ya, send you to the hereafter
I push a tractor, for horses grazin' in the pasture
Ya heard I was trickin', the whole room filled with laughter
In ciphers, I'm the one you don't rhyme after
You only know half of the math, it don't add up
The lead batter, my hits make ya frame shatter
(Watch me now!) Just begun like Jimmy Castor
I'm bad luck just like walkin' under ladders
Mad rappers, book of life, last chapter
Me and my squad build just like contractors
I break shit, you only give hairline fractures
Women flash us, don't know? Ya better ask us
A bastard, wit' more contacts than Lens Crafters
Tear down the rafters, venereals couldn't clap us
You need practice, hit chicks then I'm Casper
You might also like
The Church of Scientology, feminine biology
Manic depressive psychologically, A.D.D. logically
Polluted by technology, the fumes in this ecology
While your thought you was out of copy, I get nastier than sodomy
Probably the odyssey started back on robbery
Was the degree of the economy that do the sovereignty
Regarded as a prodigy, leery in sociology
Leather Wallabee's always conceal my gynecology
Rhymin' pathologically, that's how it gotta be!
Never makin' no apology, worshippin' my anthropology
Fuck the modesty! Studyin' microbiology
Causin' verbal lobotomy is in my genealogy
Six-months of sobriety, movin' very methodically
Like a unicorn, more ways than oceanography
Gods acknowledge me, rip shows anti-biotically
True thugs bionically give birth to criminology

Uh, yo, check it, yo, uh-huh, yo!
Now, as a youngin', I swear to God, y'all couldn't tell me nothin'
I swore I was gettin' somethin', clothes-on humpin'
For girls with the church, slacks with some shirts tucked in
I set it up for money, my mom worked when I was cuttin'
Unsigned strugglin', for the heat I lit the oven
One would buy the CD, the other would do the dubbin'
Before I met Tribe, I was in the clubs frontin'
Oh, yeah, I know Tip, when I see him I be duckin'
But now when I'm clubbin', those that used to dis me buggin'
Overweight chicks, spandex, they stomachs sucked in
Stay interruptin', dance and try to cut in
Told people you got in free when you really snuck in
We never get concerned about who's in the lead
We just stay workin' so no one will need
An unconcerned outsider givin' niggas feed
My niggas puff weed, but negotiate the seed
The family is granite, and you can't intercede
Or try to switch lanes at this operatin' speed
Cats in the game be gamblin' with greed
We the house, you the player and we gonna catch these
Who's the Sam Sneed makin' microphones bleed?
Poker-face creed while my mind just read
Shorty got rhythm, but her freak got freed
(That's) insignificant, but (this) take heed

They say I'm pretty like Clay is, bright like the day is
Beats from my fleet be sweet like Sugar Ray is
I'm swingin' this from Bay Ridge to where the Oakland Bay is
My game is tough to play, I'm tucked away like your safe is
The aim is to make you recognize what the name is
Mos Def gon' set it straight from where the 7-1-8 is
The place with the greats who originate the flavors
A All-Star block with some All-Star neighbors
(Turn the music down!) This is probably some haters
Achin' 'cause they hear us rotatin' on the playlist
From B-boy laces to Detroit gators
Yo, Tip, I gotta bail, where the scale? Help me weigh this
Yo! We want all y'all to know
That this is the family, right?
And what we want everybody out there to do
On the dance floor
Is get ready
Because now, we gonna

Rock rock y'all, freak freak y'all
To the beat y'all, it's unique y'all
Rock rock y'all, freak freak y'all
To the beat y'all, it's unique y'all
Rock rock y'all, freak freak y'all
To the beat y'all, it's unique y'all
Rock rock y'a'll, freak freak y'all
To the beat y'all, it's unique y'all
Rock rock y'all, freak freak y'all
To the beat y'all, it's unique y'all
Rock rock y'all, freak freak y'all
To the beat y'all, it's unique y'all2Embed