5 ContributorsTrapps Lyrics
If I get off will I fall back in those traps again?
If I fall off will I get back in those traps again?
If I get off, get out, will I get back in them traps and do the same things again? (If I get off will I fall back in those traps again?)
If I fall off, fall out, will I get back in them traps and do the same things again? (If I get off will I fall back in those traps again?)

Everything good go bad over time it's a cold cycle
Life’s a twist that's why I say fuck it, life's a bitch and I know
Me and money racking finna hit a lick and take it to the bank
Sick of sittin’ in the spot lane with a  in a hot place
Smokers thirsty finna hit a Thursday, nigga chirp me
You could meet up early on a five block
Front of granny house where they birthed me
Gotta fight for Friday, I seen that life highways
Flip or try me, two choices
One road to travel nigga where you going you could find me
In the front hood of the six-six
Used to pump good, got to G around the corner
Part waiting on this bitch, tell her come through
Enough guns for the whole crew
When I'm done what I'm gon' do?
Power move, get more pounds, send them out of town
Where a nigga finna touchdown to
Smokin' in the front room now
We get a car from a brawl with a getaway car
Said she cool now, never ever wanna hit another lick again
Said she wanna go to school now
Fucked up the whole mood now
Gotta flight up, gotta take a pounds waiting out of town
Now I'm gone
You might also like
If I get off will I fall back in those traps again?
If I fall off will I get back in those traps again?
If I get off, get out, will I get back in them traps and do the same things again? (If I get off will I fall back in those traps again?)
If I fall off, fall out, will I get back in them traps and do the same things again? (If I get off will I fall back in those traps again?)

As soon as a nigga touch down
My I-95 say 5:25
Couple hours up now, I cut it off on the flight down
S'posed to hit the lick at 9
It's 2 o’clock Cali time
Said you hit a nigga up when you passed
Hit a nigga on the line
No response kinda nervous
I know the nigga ain’t pay full
Still he ain't got no service
All it says ’user unavailable'
Gotta make a quick phone call home
Let them niggas know the word
I hit my nigga Dome (Hello?)
In the background I heard the bird
Nigga breath easy, they got away clean 16 gs each
Money mob bought a Regal with a quarter P
But he left his phone right up on the scene
Right up on the scene? What you mean he dropped his chirp?
Yeah, now we on the spot with work
It's getting hot fa' sho’
I wonder if they watchin'
Middle of the night when the fiends knockin'
I try to get some sleep but the dark keep me up
On the couch 
Probably parked in an unmarked Grand Marquis around the corner waitin'
Debating,with the evidence, picture takin'
Build cases
If I get off will I fall back in those traps again?
If I fall off will I get back in those traps again?
If I get off, get off, will I fall back in those traps and do the same things again
If I get off will I fall back in those traps again?
If I get off, get off, will I fall back in those traps and do the same things again
If I fall off will I get back in those traps again?Embed