4 ContributorsWhat’s Tha Bizness Lyrics
Car-Car said she made the beat, huh?
Wake up, wake up, wake
We ain't playin’ with the game

We ain't just no fools with Pro Tools
If you break down the music, you could find the truth
For every line that I write, it's ten dimes of white
For each verse that I spit, it’s ten purchases
Now, you do the math, tell you "Think again"
I get a Franklin for my statements, guess, I'll thank my pen
It goes deeper, blow reefer for the pain within
Niggas get popped then they stage ascend
Once again, it's me against the system, they hate a nigga with a pistol
But they blind to the fact I keep six to prevent history from repeating on me
Sometime it ain't what it seem to be, so peep the scenery
Dope dealers, cold killers, gorillas
On the corner stuck, wide open off that coke feelin'
I play my position, as a go-getter
Bossed up, hustle, daily quota like four digits

(What's the business?) Bank accounts that's endless
(That's the business?) Gold Rolex, chains from cocaine
(What’s the business?) Smoking purple kush outta fat Swishers
(That’s the business) Livin' life as a young boss nigga
(What’s the business?) Bank accounts that's endless
(That's the business?) Gold Rolex, chains from cocaine
(What's the business?) Smoking purple kush outta fat Swishers
(That’s the business) Livin' life as a young boss nigga
You might also like
How many niggas understand, this feeling of hundreds in rubber bands?
I never felt closer to the man than
Counting the paper, face of presidents past
Now I control 'em, I could when I cop a zone with hash
How many niggas understand, this feeling of losing a friend
That you've been knowing since he moved in?
Then you watched the block call him, hanging out, wrong time, caught him
The shots holler, spine locked like a Rottweiler
It ain't the biz, but it is, kid
I take it in and send it with the Ben times 10
When it's my time, I come running towards the sunshine
Bustin' at one time, screamin' like I want my
Freedom, like I'ma star, except
I'ma ride with the Ruger, like Shaka Zulu do you with the knives
I cock it back, caught your cap through your third eye
Hit the floor, ricochet and fly, penetrate the sky

(What's the business?) Bank accounts that's endless
(That's the business?) Gold Rolex, chains from cocaine
(What's the business?) Smoking purple kush outta fat Swishers
(That's the business) Livin' life as a young boss nigga
(What's the business?) Bank accounts that's endless
(That's the business?) Gold Rolex, chains from cocaine
(What's the business?) Smoking purple kush outta fat Swishers
(That's the business) Livin' life as a young boss niggaEmbed