68 ContributorsFind a Way Lyrics

Now, you caught my heart for the evening
Kissed my cheek, moved in, you confuse things
Should I just sit out or come harder?
Help me find my way

Messing me up, my whole head
Teasing me, just like Tisha did Martin
Now look at what you're starting
Schoolboy's crush and it ain't on the hush
The whole world sees it but you can't (uh)
My peoples they complain, sit and rave and rant (come on)
Your name is out my mouth like an ancient chant (say what?)
Got me like a dog as I pause and pant
*heavy breathing*

Speakin' of which..
Got a leash and I wish just to rock you, Miss (C'mon)
Make a militant move, peep my strategy (What?)
End of the day, you're not mad at me (Ugh)
Not dealin' with nobody, now that's what you told me (What?)
I said, "Hey, yo, it's cool, we can just be friendly" (C'mon)
'Cause yo, picture me messin' it up
Her mind not corrupt, with the ill C-cups
Shit! I'm on my J.O. (C'mon)
Bullshittin', hopin' that the day goes slow (what?)
Got me like a friend, what confuses me though
Is kisses when we breeze, tell me what's the deal, yo?
(Deal yo, yo, yo...)
You might also like
Now, you caught my heart for the evening
Kissed my cheek, moved in, you confuse things
Should I just sit out or come harder?
Help me find my way (Ha-ha!)
Now, you caught my heart for the evening
Kissed my cheek, moved in, you confuse things (come on)
Should I just sit out or come harder? (huh?)
Help me find my way

Now, why you wanna go and do that, love, huh?
Makin' things for me towards you harder
Killin' me, just when I think we there
You douse the whole vibe, and the flows in the air
Tellin' me 'bout next man
But next man ain't the nigga with the plan
Who got yo' heart in mind
It's about time that you just unwind (C'mon)

And let it just happen, make it front-free (Uh)
Just sweat me like Moneypenny (Uh)
Diggin' you, gettin' inside of your stee (What?)
It's the Quest cat keepin' you company (Ha)
Forever, or however you want it
Word, word!
Now wait a minute, ma, before you jet into the curb (Yeah, yeah)
Start to make impressions, which is good not the herb
But it, it ain't me, and I, I ain't blurred (Ah)
I'ma still just chill with you
Maybe things could change if you change your view (C'mon)
If not, then, I guess it is cool (Yeah)
Just keep to yourself and abide by the rules, right

Like that y'all
Check it out now...
Check it out now...
Like that now...
Check it out now...
Wha wha now...
Check it out now...
Yeah yeah now...
Check it out now...
Check it out now...
It's like that now...
Check it out now...
Yeah yeah now...
Check it out now... (Ahem)
What you sayin', what? what?
Now, you caught my heart for the evening (Talk it out)
Kissed my cheek, moved in, you confuse things (Take your time)
Should I just sit out or come harder?
Help me find my way (Now sing it, sing it)
Now, you caught my heart for the evening (Sing it out)
Kissed my cheek, moved in, you confuse things (Take your time)
Should I just sit out or come harder?
Help me find my way (Now talk it out)
Now, you caught my heart for the evening (Sing it out again)
Kissed my cheek, moved in, you confuse things (Come on, come on)
Should I just sit out or come harder? (Uh)
Help me find my way (Now talk it out right now)
Now, you caught my heart for the evening (Come on, come on)
Kissed my cheek, moved in, you confuse things (What?)
Should I just sit out or come harder? (What?)
Help me find my way (Come on)26Embed