52 ContributorsGet a Hold Lyrics
Drifting back... suddenly...
Drifting back... just... suddenly...
Drifting back... just... suddenly...

The deadly venom, let me start from the beginnin'
We always hittin', so, yo, there'll be no extra innings
As I send the mic out the park like Reggie Jackson
You be the minor leaguer who sees no action
The comin' attraction, what?! The main feature
And I'mma greet ya like a rhymin'-ass creature
Lurkin' all up in the dark, unknown parts
The brother well prepared is the brother who will start
And that's me, Akhi
As long as the ladies move they bodies
We'll have a forum to stand
'Cause that happens to be the nature of man
Sexuality — it is the format, baby
Ain't no ifs, no buts, no ands or maybes
But I praise the Lord of the worlds that's unseen
Respect me for that and let me do my thing
I said respect me for that and let me do my thing

(Drifting back...)
You know we gotta get a hold
(Suddenly...)
Over the illest drum rolls
(Suddenly... drifting back... just...)
You might also like
Yo, how you doin'? Let me give you an intro
My name's the Abstract, now let me give you some info
Got the diamond in the back and the sunroof shit
That makes the hardcore MC's resort to bein' bitch
And I don't give a shit about bein' wild rich
Just make me comfortable and I'll deal with it
Your lust for the riches make a nigga feel sick
Down to his zealots, upchuck and then spit
Denouncin' my beliefs, well, then your wig get split
Lay your egos on the ground so that you'll benefit
You can take these words and relay it to your clique
Take some time for your mind and get off them head trips
Don't try to play me, see, my name's not Dick
The Tribe is the crew that makes the mics get lit
Like the 4th of July on some fireworks shit
My record company be on some true jerk shit
But that's aight, now I'm on some true work shit
And I'mma make it happen for my whole outfit

(Just... drifting back...)
You know we got to get control
(Suddenly...)
Over the illest drum rolls
(Suddenly... drifting back... just...)
Third verse
Aiyo, we just gettin' started, gotta redirect this vision
Got the beauty of a flower, plus dimensions like a prism
Your minds are locked down like prison
Y'all really need to go lay down 'cause positivity has risen
We hittin', yo, bust how we too strong to be broken
Occasional malfunction, pressure time, we ain't jokin'
For security, yo, we on this Run like Logan
Kamaal's doin' the hustle, and you backstage voguein'
We all got faults, don't ever try to think that you perfect
We all are human beings, there's bullshit at the surface
Sometimes, I mean, we rhyme, damn! We ain't prophets
And if you think so, you need to stop it!
So jump back inside your shell
Let your million dollar thoughts propel
But next man, don't get jel'
Playa hate that all carries weight that we don't need
We slim with disabilities, and thick with possibilities
'Cause then you can move with agility
Navigatin' with good visibility
We put these tunes out in record shop facilities
And strive to get this constant money activity
We try to stay on the scene like Fidel
So if you get enraged with these names, it still ring bells
There ain't no plan B's, yo, watch, we movin' through with plan A
Money market, doin' things the right way
You know we gotta get control
Over the illest drum rolls

Yo, bust it out
Section, section
Section — Linden Boulevard
Section on Merrick
Section — the whole Jamaica
Section on Flushing
Section in Bed-Stiduy10Embed