113 ContributorsTranslationsItalianoLost in Translation Lyrics
Yeah, turn my headphones up just a little more
Just a little bit

Chillin' with my homies and we vibin’
All this potion that I'm sippin', I ain’t drivin'
Life a motherfucker, but we still survivin'
Colored people time, but nigga, we still arrivin'
Chillin' with my homies and we vibin'
All this potion that I'm sippin', I ain’t drivin’
Life a motherfucker, but we still survivin'
Colored people time, but nigga, we still arrivin’ (Ayy, yeah, ayy)

I'm feelin' like Andre pre-3K 'cause all I got is Benjamins
Y’all know the regiment R-A-double-T-P-A-C-K
Rappin' like back in the day, yeah, you heard what I say
From EBT and watchin' BET on my TV to platinum CD
Now I got it like that, the boy brought it like that
Yeah they gon' bring it back
Like the illest sample from the '70s, I'm feelin' heavenly
Grew up in Maryland and now my neighbor is Beverly
Even when Bobby Boy over the hill and he's 70
I'ma be packin' that weaponry, I am the greatest alive
You already know it, I don't gotta say it, this shit is telepathy
If you feel different, then step to me
'Cause I've been ballin, shot-callin'
Droppin' heat back to back while y'all stallin'
Y'all wanna ante up, but I'm all-in
Climbin' the ladder, ain't no way I'm fallin'
Come here, my darlin', married to the game
Come now, feel the pain
But I got a side bitch and that's real
We love to make movies, I told you, that's reel
That's just how I feel
Tell me what I, tell me what I really wanna give for a life like this
No, the boy won't fade away
Take it day-to-day, everybody wanna hate straight-away
That's how we livin' in the world today
I'm Louis, you more C.K.
Was a outcast on the come up back in the day
And now I'm more Andre post-3K, like woo
You might also like
Break it down
Break-break-break-break-break it down
Break it down (Can I kick it?)
Break-break-break-break-break it down

Ayo, ayo
Fuck you like Cee-Lo, buck it then I reload
Sippin' Pellegrino, shoot the shit like Tarantino (Break it down)
In the cut like Lilo with everybody we know
We all in together like we cousins in the '90s
And if you don't know 'bout that shit
Then you don't know 'bout rap shit, that's jack shit (Yeah)
You ain't got a nickel, son, yeah, I said that's Jack shit
You ain't got a dime dog, you dropped it, that's rat shit
Stab you in the back shit, ratchet
My style is impeccable and nobody could match it
I'm Bruce Wayne terrorizin' Gotham, I'm batshit
I'm Kim Kardashian with a hatchet
Constantly reshapin' this body of work, I'm an introvert
Wonder why I smoke dope, no wonder why I can't cope
(Break it down)
Far from evil, I'm kinda like Spike Spiegel
A cowboy paid for retrieval
Bitches jumpin' to conclusions like Evil Knievel
Best believe you, bitch, I'll leave you stranded
Try to dap me up left-handed
I'll leave you defeated and amputated 'til the blood coagulated
I force the crowd to throw they hands up like cannibals
My God, what a fuckin' animal
Sicker than givin' brain to Hannibal Lecter
You come correct but I come correcter
Food for thought, but hold the lecture
Ayo, I kill the pussy, yeah I make sehctib cremate
I'm an original screenplay in a world full of remakes
I record my shit the first time, you need more than three takes
Lyrically, I'm undefined on this fuckin' beat tape, my god
Break-break-break-break-break-break-break-break-break-break
Break it down
Break-break-break-break-break-break-break-break-break-break
Break it down

Okay
コンフェシャンス（コンフェッションズ）オブデンジャラスマインド
ご参加いただきありがとうございました。
最高だったでしょう！？
楽しんでいただけたことを願っています。
もし、ロジックをお気に召さないのであれば、耳を塞ぐか、帰っていただいて結構。
でもそんなあなたは、本当はロジックを愛してやまないんでしょう。毎日、彼の行動が気になって仕方ないはず。
おそらく、あなたは気付かないうちに虜になってしまったのね。
世界中で聴いてる、RattPack のみんな！
私たちは共に歴史を刻んできた。
いつもあなたたちを愛し、感謝しています。
Marylandから日本へ愛を込めて
RattPack, motherfucker
Arigato
RattPack, motherfucker
Kyaah!61Embed