5 ContributorsOuttakes (Outro) LyricsPlease enjoy the music while your party is reached
You know it's recording right?
Yeah we good, we just edit it out
Ok ladies, y’all got it? All the time
My bad, I- I messed up again (Nah), we do it again?
So do the ladies and then do the Kane is occupied and then...
 where you from? You must be from Parris island 'cause heaven must've sent you to me
That must’ve been the corniest shit I ever said
Somebody better help Lebron, man, that nigga sucks man (Oh man that's crazy)
Nah, it's 1975, we can't talk about Lebron like that
That's why I tried to keep it- I tried to keep it- I tried to keep it general
I was like you see that 
It's 1970 somethin' right now, man
It's overbroad, I mean he look like he from the 70s though
I’m ’bout to get me a bag of chips, I don't know what y’all talkin 'bout
My bad, I- I messed up again (Nah), we do it again?
Up where? With the rappers. On stage? Yeah
You rhyme? Yeah
What's your name? Duwan. Little Duval, no you got it wrong
Load of big boats (Hell yeah) and the Bazooka Joes, man, I used to nab some of my best jokes off of Bazooka Joes
It's 1975, so those are still out in the stores (Oh yeah man)
And I still get my best jokes off Bazooka Joes
You might also likeOk ladies, Kane is occupied right now, he ain’t seein' nobody else
Ok ladies, Big Daddy Kane is occupied for the evening
Thank you for coming out, I- ugh, ahh
Ok ladies, Big Daddy Kane is occupied for the rest of the- ugh
Ok ladies-
My bad, I- I messed up again (Nah), we do it again?
Check this out, this for your first- first record
Brainiac Dum Dums
You don't like Archie? Nah man
I like Archie, Archie would be better if he had a afro though, right? (Yeah)
Yeah, man, he definitely look-
I wanna do like a rap 
You know, I seen a brother- a brother I was wildin', talkin' 'bout a wil-
Haha, wildin' in 75, they was wildin' in 75, for sure they was
They wasn't sayin' wildin', they were saying uhh-
I passed the highest cloud and I ain't coming back (Please, please, please, please, don't)
No smoking on the weed while  (Please, I'm not getting paid for this, don't make me sit through those rides, haha)
No you don't have to, I'm gonna-
Shoutout to my hood, I got you on my back
You got your hood on your back? Like a hoodie?
You don't get it, it's a hood, like I got your hood, like my hood, like-
Want me to bring all these out? Take these all out?
Shoutout to my hood
You need to buy these tickets kids and check these kids out
Take three
And all- crack. All what? All you spit is crack?
Yeah, it's like (Yeah, ok ok, I get it) you spit it out
Alright, I passed the highest cloud and I ain't coming back (This is painful)
You smoking on the weed, but all I smoke is crack (Smoking on the what?)
Are we good or do we gotta do it again?
So they kinda, yeah that's my fault, huh
I don't know what they was sayin', but that had me wild
Nobody was wild back then, brother
 75, yeah, I- I wasn't in 75
I think, I think we got enoughEmbed