28 ContributorsVernon Family Lyrics
Yeah
Yeah

Literally rich since nine-six
Still woulda hit a enemy with a TEC in nine-six
Exotic material on the neck and fly whips
I was fresh out the 'jects, decked out to death
Y'all witnessed it, I could fill you with real millionaire shit
Escargot, my car fresh from the dealership
Esco alias, my escrow grow daily
It's the freshest Air Max wearer, yes
Ejaculatory depression after sex
And that mean after I nut, don't touch me, no questions
Unless she's a restless spirit then I can heal it
Spend a lot of time together, I know her feelings
But you fightin' what the essence of a woman is
I respect you, my love's limitless
But what are you becoming?
You wanna be the man or the woman? Play your position
Mornin' or night I'm lickin' the pudding ain't I?
Since my days of St. Ides
Pullin' out box cutters to bang opps who ain't us
To Bentley Continentals, see the man I is
Hand-to-hand hustlers always claiming they ran The Brizz
The big homies don't approve that
Felt and Dirty Red fundin' RK but where was you at?
We all tried to move crack
Nowadays I'm just showing my age
The new goons hardly heard of these legendary names, it's strange
The Bridge rappers influenced me, son
But if I was in the Juice Crew, we woulda won
No disrespect 'less disrespect served to me
You a gangsta groupie, gassin' niggas to murder me, nigga?
Who I'm reppin'? 10th Street, 12th Street, Vernon Family
And that's word to Yammy, yeah
Deep roots, I ain't have to fake it yet
Old solid tree branches ain't breakin' yet
A vet
You might also like
Get rich project niggas
Billionaire mindset niggas
Know you know my set, niggas
10th Street, 12th Street, Vernon Family
Get rich project niggas
Billionaire mindset niggas
Know you know my set, niggas
10th Street, 12th Street, Vernon Family

I got the je ne sais quoi, why bother
With girls who like to play keep-away with they toddlers?
She started with good intentions like a rich pastor
Bitch was bad, turned from good thing to disaster
Takes forever to build a rep, one second to lose it
She put her neck in a noose, snapped it
Hangin' on every word she heard come outta cougar mouth, super foul
Play your cards right, deuces wild, salute my pals
Fathers all around the board goin' through it
She got lobster appetites, lots of habits
Like frontin' when she need apartment deposits
Here's something, get you a starter
But pardon my pimpin', I don't sponsor
I don't buy cars, I coach you to win, know what?
If you broke and your man don't teach you, get rid of him
Who I'm reppin'? 10th Street, 12th Street, Vernon, still
And that's word to Will, for real
Get rich project niggas
Billionaire mindset niggas
Know you know my set, niggas
10th Street, 12th Street, Vernon Family
Get rich project niggas
Billionaire mindset niggas
Know you know my set, niggas
10th Street, 12th Street, Vernon Family

Shout to Draws, Spanky, Black Ed, Hands
Shout to Shabazz, Wewop and Harvey
Rest in glory
TJ Killa Black, rest in glory
Shout to all the young legends we losin' too soon
Yeah4Embed