44 ContributorsSchool Daze Lyrics
Yeah...
Take y'all back... to them school days, yeah
Fayettenam, what up, man?

We came a long way from stick and move
Niggas skipping school, just to scrap over bullshit
Nigga if you lose, it's a wrap, them hoes clowning
It goes down in the lunch room
I'm tryna spit this game nigga, fuck food
Bust moves to the hallway
My niggas posted on the wall, always
Ain't thinking about class, dog, my ass tryna parle
If we had this shit our way
We be standing here all day
But look the principal's coming, give pounds then we all escape
All late to class with fake passes
Living life in the fast lane, but ain't passing
They dreaming, tryna be the next Jay-Z and Dame Dashes
I ain't even open my book and it's time to change classes
Walk straight past my ex and don't speak
It's all good, I'll probably have a new ex by next week
I just think, the shit we did was silly, yo, I know that
But what I wouldn't give to go back
You might also like
Yeah, back in the days when I was young, I'm not a kid anymore
But some days I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish

Yo
I walk another nigga girl to her class with my hand on her ass
If he say 'what up' later, I just laugh
Real sneaky, yo, gotta keep it low up in math
Let my nigga read this real freaky note Kiki wrote, yeah
Hooping up in P.E. you can't see me on this gym flo' (No)
But damn Vanessa booty looking sick up in them gym shorts
Uh, we bag 'em up, y'all niggas gonna have to wait
So they passing hate like, 'Damn I can't wait 'til they graduate.'
But some of my niggas will probably never make it
The S.A.T. shit man I doubt they ever take it, 'cause
Instead of tryna send a nigga to a tutor
Them guidance counselors tryna introduce us to recruiters, it's a set-up
Momma cut the light on, time to get up
Make sure the shirt matching the forces then I head out
At the time I thought this shit was so whack
But what I wouldn't give to go back
Yeah, hey
Yeah, back in the days when I was young, I'm not a kid anymore
But some days I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish

I'm a little grown, but still reminisce
Close your eyes nigga, you remember this?
Friday night football game, something I'll forever miss
After parties in the gym, grinding underneath the rim
You forgot your school I.D? Fuck, nigga, you ain't gettin' in
In the hallways acting like some hoodlums
See that scrap? Naw, damn I always miss the good ones
Them rumors spreading fast with that he say she say
Twenty people on the phone 'cause everybody did three-way
Man we played them girls for the fools, but
Wasn't no ladies like them ladies from other schools
'Cause seeing them same old chicks got tired quick
She was just fucking my boy, now she all on my dick, gossip, damn
Another chick pregnant, another nigga gone
I reminisce on all the chicks a nigga never bone
Pardon me y'all I'm just flipping through some Kodaks
Sitting, wishing I could go back

Yeah, back in the days when I was young, I'm not a kid anymore
But some days I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish I was a kid again
Yeah, I sit and wish
Yeah, this shit is dedicated to all my niggas man
R.J., Mike Shaw, Jim Brown, yeah
B. Nasty, Big Joe, Smitty, what's good? Yeah
Terry Sanford High School, E. Smith
Class of 2003, that's me
I know y'all remember this5Embed