1 ContributorMr.Scarface (Radio Version) Lyrics
Mr. Mr. Scarface been walking down the block
Out jumps some fiends and steals all his rocks
Pulls out a gun and shoots down all the fiends
And Mr. Mr. Scarface went up the block again

All I have in this world, all I have in this world
All I have, all I have, all I have in this world

Ahh yeah, hah
Mr. Scarface is back in the house once again!
Yea, droppin some of that new
Mr. Mr. Scarface Two, But yo I gotta Chilled Dude

I don't give a damn about the chatter in the background
People get beat when they step this is Ak's town
If you don't know, I recommend you check
And ask them little suckas how many heads I put to rest
I play a game but the game ain't roulette
Slangin 'caine is the thang and I bet
That there's a lot of wannabe Scarfaces
I've heard the name in ninety-nine different places
I'm here to squash it all original will speak
Scarface coming hard from the streets
I left my cut, in fear of a prison term
They wanna put me in a chair and let me burn
But go to prison on a murder rap, damn that
I refuse to be a visitor at state's camp
So I broke and left behind all I worked for
Either that or be sentenced for a drug war
And many want to know why I've slowed up
It's either that or get stucked
Cause laws get happy on a days
Say huh put you in a Front Page
But this butt ain't made for no caps, homie
This buck says 'Exit Only'
So I get in the wind but hey
A brother still sold a quarter everyday
I sat around for six months black
Waitin for the day to make a comeback
And now I'm ready for combat
Mr. Scarface is back
You might also like
All I have in this world—all I have in this world
All I have in—all I have in—all I have in this world
Nobody knows my name, they'll only know this face
On the for-reala my  just call me Scarface
All I have in this world—all I have in this world
All I have in—all I have in—all I have in this world
Nobody knows my name, they'll only know this face
On the for-reala my  just call me Scarface
All I have in this world—all I have in this world
All I have in—all I have in—all I have in this world

Aiyo Bido, drop that
Yeah, heh heh
Back in the South Park, six o'clock on the dot
Checkin on my old rock spot
I seen the same old set
Heh, the small timers see me so they jet
Buildin' 128
I got myself a bag and I can't wait
To cut em up small to make a profit
Dealers on the cut short stop it
Fiends'll see em small then they go
Where, to see the dope dealer pro
One brother got pissed
And started reachin' for his hip
.357 on your fast, fool
Like I said before, you don't get a second chance dude
Unloaded on his boy, he was hurt
Six shots put his gym in the dirt
Laid him out like a old piano rug
Gettin' pumped full of .38 slugs
Some other people stepped out y'all
Uh oh, I had to make a phone call
J. Prince: Hello?
Scarface: Hey J!
J. Prince: Wassup?
Scarface: I'm in a little trouble man
J. Prince: Where you at?
Scarface: I'm out here in South Park Village
J. Prince: Stay right there, I'll be right on
Scarface: C'mon let's take these to war man

J called up some brothers from the 5th Ward
And came back with a 5th Ward hit squad
We Ain't Playin Uzi machine
Cause Lil' J packed an M-16
Will an AK with a banana clip
And little Bill had a 12 Gauge pistol grip
I hit a little laugh and got me a buzz
And that's about the time they got drugged
One more war took place
You can call me DJ Akshen , or call me Mr. Scarface

All I have in this world—all I have in this world
All I have in—all I have in—all I have in this world
Nobody knows my name, they'll only know this face
On the for-reala my  just call me Scarface
All I have in this world—all I have in this world
All I have in—all I have in—all I have in this world
Nobody knows my name, they'll only know this face
On the for-reala my  just call me Scarface
All I have in this world—all I have in this world
All I have in—all I have in—all I have in this world
Later on, all alone, you know what happened next
Another girl came by to give me sex
It was kind of strange I was throwed off
The last chick got her head blowed off
But I ain'tsta pass up no
She started strippin' at the door, oh goody
Rollin' around rubbing on my back
Shakin her down with the Bozack
I didn't have to pretend I loved her
All she wanted me to do was just hug her
So I gave it up to the lady
And all she said was "Do me baby, Do me baby"
I started stroking in an outrage
The whole while I was starin' at my twelve gauge
The chip was gettin' loud I said I'm killin her
And all the while my man was hard and he steady drillin' her
I heard to step as she fell to the floor
I heard a knock on the front door
I grabbed the twelve gauge from the bed head
Who is it? (Fred) Who? Fred?
Who the hell is Fred, I stood by the door
By that time someone jumped in the window
Now what the hell was I do?, I got lucky
The girl packed a twenty-two
Hit him in his head, there she laid him
The pastor standin' by the door I sprayed him
And headed for the back
I seen that same old brown Cadillac
It kinda messed me up at first
Cause the brother that drove that Caddy rode away in a hearse
I opened up fire on the ride G
Who I was shootin for was standin right behind me
I had a double barrel pointed at my back
Could this be the end of Mr. Brad?
I don't know what happened to the front
Well that's about the time the closet door it opened up
(On your ass trick!
I'll be damned if I go out like the last)
Heh, five-0's on my back, mane
They know me by the face, but they don't know my last name
Now I'm back on the case
Just call me Mr. ScarfaceEmbed