15 ContributorsI Wanna Thank Me Lyrics
Last but not least, I wanna thank me
I wanna thank me for believing in me
I wanna thank me for doing all this hard work
I wanna thank me for having no days off
I wanna thank me for... for never quitting
I wanna thank me for always being a giver
And tryna give more than I receive
I wanna thank me for tryna do more right than wrong
I wanna thank me for just being me at all times
Snoop Dogg, you a bad motherfucker
(Snoop Dogg, Snoop Dogg)

Eagle side, homie coming up
I was young and I didn't give a fuck
Long Beach nigga, a fiend for the bucks
Lean in my chucks, banger, I'm tough
Yeah, long time coming, had to earn my G
Gold digging hoes had to learn my fee
I beat a couple cases, I'm H-O-T
I'm Snoop Dogg to the world, gotta thank 'ol me
We celebrating, you hating on a real one
All the L's that I took, man, I still won
Big bank rolls coming at ya
West Coast king, man, I need a statue
You might also like
Yeah, I said it, who did it like me?
Who want the dice? Nigga, bet it
20 plus years, I ain't even gotta sell it
I ain't even got to show up to get the money
Mail it, I'm going in

Oh, I paid my dues and earned my stripes (Can you hear me?)
No matter what ya say it's all me (Can you hear me?)
Bring that beat back, bring that B-Cat

Who did it like the King? Go tell
Sent a bunch of kids to the NFL
Did it from the dirt, nigga, can't you tell?
Don't I ride by in that SSL?
Snoopy had to get it on, ball, beat ten of y'all
I'm just tryna show 'em how the men evolve
Couple mill', then they into y'all
Still screaming, rolling through my Hollywood stid-all (yeesh)
Back up off me, sip your coffee, it's the Dogg show
Smoking weed on TV like a Marlboro
Standing there flexing, hoes see the drip
This crip, no question
Who bigger than me? Shit, yeah, I said it
Who did it like me? Who want the dice? Nigga, bet it
20 plus years, I ain't even gotta sell it
I ain't even got to show up to get the money
Mail it, I'm going in

Battlecat, what you gon' do?
Hoes recognize, niggas do too
Long Beach, East Side mad-ass lunatics
Still own niggas who talk bitch shit
Down for whatever, whoever wanna see me now
Slap a bitch nigga out to get a grip
Take a whole lot to be Snoop D-O-dub
You gotta put it down and always stay G'd up

Who did it like a muhfuckin' legend?
Yeah, it hurts, church, reverend
Sat back, took a look at me, shit's classic
Pocket full of paper, the haters, they can't grasp it
Still at the top of my game, I'm all-pro
Lost count of the cars, nigga, they all show
I got a family to feed, now that's growth
But I'll still lay your ass out for the low
Now, grown men make it hard to trip
I'm talking big dick shit, man, it's hard to grip
Got a whole gang of albums and some major flicks
I got a wife, rich life, that's some major shit
Bigg Dogg, yeah, I said it
Who did it like me? Who want the dice? Nigga, bet it
20 plus years, I ain't even gotta sell it
I ain't even got to show up to get the money
Mail it, I'm going in

Used to be out West, but now you hear me
From the LBC, around the room, let's blow this smoke
Used to be out West, but now you hear me
From the LBC, around the room, let's blow this smoke
La-da-da-da-dah
It's the Snoop to the D-O-double-G
(Snoop Dogg, Snoop Dogg, Snoop Dogg)1Embed