55 ContributorsCareful (Click, Click) Lyrics
"We are are watching a whole—"
"Careful!"
"Careful!"
"Careful!"
"Careful!"

Wait, hold up, chill, what's that, son?
Damn nigga got fucked, shit, huh?!
By his back, watch nigga run ("Careful!")
Seven the center of your eight point Sun
Hold tight grip on the God-U
Now you best be careful!
Can't dodge two Self-Hes ("Careful!") aimed at your domepiece
Father-U-C-King police!

Something in the slum went, "Rum-pum-pum-pum"
Something in the slum went, "Rum-pum-pum-pum"

Yo, Rae, it's been a long time, son, since we bust guns ("C—Careful!")
Clashed glaciers, ran the world and snatched paper
Return to the 36th Chamber ("Careful!")
Proceed with caution as you enter
We have an A.P.B. on an MC killer
Looks like the work of a master
You might also like
Yo, something in the street went "Bang, bang"
Making it hard for you to do your thang, thang ("Careful!")
Something in the street went, "Bang, bang"

Up in the boss game, wilding, money for grabs
I ain't fucking with crabs
Out-of-state, copped two labs
Hopped two cabs, back on the Ave
Stab you with the vocab
Catch me at The Big Doe Rehab ("Careful!")
Tryna re-up, keep my feet up
Snake niggas in the cut, hold the product
Time is up, no luck, heat start to bust ("Careful!")
Niggas you can't trust, dealing with lust ("Careful!")
Seen him at the ballgames with James ("Careful! Careful!")

Yo, something in the street went "Bang, bang"
Making it hard for you to do your thang, thang
Something in the street went, "Bang, bang"
Making it hard for you to do your thang, thang, thang
Something in the hall went, "Click, click"
The boxcutter went, "Click, click"
Something in the hall went, "Click, click"
The boxcutter went, "Click, click"
These are the bones, bones from the grave of Houdini ("Careful!")
G-Deini, Ronzoni noodles sprinkled on your embry' ("Careful!")
Climb like the deficit, profits, death threats to Israel
Slid through Bethlehem, bong, on one wheel
Syringes, rubber bands, needles, the Sixties
Granddaddy Caddy was copped for six G's
B'gosh, all that, Oshkosh jumpers, Pink Champelle
Brown paper bags, wall-to-wall bumpers ("Careful! Careful!")

These ain't the camera guys, cause terror in your eyes
Sweat on the hammer fly, Ways of the Samurai
Newsflash bulletin, Gods on the prowl
We full again, ruff men scuff Timbs
Sonic bionic lens, RZA console
Is it Bush, or is it Dole? Front row of the Super Bowl
Black gold in my soul, on a ho stroll
Don't go boy, you on parole—you don't know? ("Careful!")

Someone in the back went, "Clack, clack"
Money is stacked, now bust your gun—"Clack, clack"
Someone in the back went, "Clack, clack"
Money is stacked, now bust your gun—"Clack, clack"
Made 'em throw they hands up, but then lay flat ("Careful!")
Rat Pack eat up the average alley cat
Prepare for the impact when we contact
Known to drop facts that crack your hard hat ("Careful!")
Must I show and prove, trust I, bust I
Make your head spin ("Careful!") like chrome twenties on the buggy-eye Benz
Who contends, Wu like the Superfriends
Who's your rhyming hero? Wu-Tang rules again

Someone in the back went, CLACK CLACK
Money is stacked, now bust your gun, CLAP CLAP
Someone in the back went, CLACK CLACK
Money is stacked, now bust your gun, CLAP CLAP
Yo something in the street went, BANG BANG
Making it hard for you to do your thang thang
Something in the street went, BANG BANG
Something in the hole went click-click
The boxcutter went click-click
Something in the hall went click-click
The boxcutter went click-click
Something in the slum went rum-pum-pum-pum
Something in the slum went rum-pum-pum-pum

"Careful!"
"Careful!"
"Careful!"
"Careful!"
2Embed