8 ContributorsBig Shit Lyrics
(Yeah)
Yeah, huh
Hey, man, what in the fuck these niggas talkin' ’bout, D. Rich? (Ayy)
They cool? (Ha-haa)
Haha, watch this shit right here, nigga (Yeah, nigga)
It's on

I said I talk big shit because I am big shit
Told her ride it like a Dodge, I'ma ram that bitch
Gon’ dip, set on her, Killa Cam that shit (Yeah)
Count a hundred thousand dollars, rubber band that shit (Ayy)
I said I talk big shit because I am big shit
Told her ride it like a Dodge, I'ma ram that bitch
Gon' dip, set on her, Killa Cam that shit (You already know what it is, nigga)
Count a hundred thousand dollars, rubber band that shit (Yeah, hah)

I be droppin' classics (Classics) and you niggas know that (Know that)
TM101 (One), what was trap before that? (Huh?)
Hit 'em with that snow flow (Snow), it sound like a throwback
Heard it at the Chevron, the streets say the snow back
Feds takin' Kodaks, the burners on LoJack (LoJack)
One call say less (Hello?), they come to your door, man (Damn)
All about the Benjies (Benjies), I got them before rap (Yeah)
You niggas need to thank me (Why?), bitch, I left the door cracked
You might also like
I said I talk big shit because I am big shit (Woo)
Told her ride it like a Dodge, I'ma ram that bitch
Gon' dip, set on her, Killa Cam that shit (Talk that shit, nigga)
Count a hundred thousand dollars, rubber band that shit (Let’s go)
I said I talk big shit because I am big shit (Yeah)
Told her ride it like a Dodge, I’ma ram that bitch (Yeah)
Gon' dip, set on her, Killa Cam that shit (Uh-huh)
Count a hundred thousand dollars, rubber band that shit (Yeah, hah)

Still talkin’ for the niggas, understand that shit (Yeah, hah)
I'm smokin' like a hookah, gotta fan that shit (Moti-104, nigga, hah)
Ain't no way you gettin’ snow, you had to plan that shit (Plan that, yeah)
Had to hustle so strong, they tried to ban that shit, hah (You niggas know what that shit is, huh?)
Threw that Jiffy in that bitch and Peter Pan that shit (Yeah)
Split a whole one down the middle, Jackie Chan that bitch (Huh? What's up?)
West side Macon, Georgia, yeah, I ran that bitch
Niggas see me still standin', they can't stand that shit, hah (Yeah)

I said I talk big shit because I am big shit (Ayy)
Told her ride it like a Dodge, I'ma ram that bitch (That bitch, yeah)
Gon' dip, set on her, Killa Cam that shit (Only what they wanted, nigga)
Count a hundred thousand dollars, rubber band that shit (Moti-104, nigga, yeah, let's go)
I said I talk big shit because I am big shit (Woo)
Told her ride it like a Dodge, I'ma ram that bitch (What's up?)
Gon' dip, set on her, Killa Cam that shit (Woo)
Count a hundred thousand dollars, rubber band that shit (Yeah)
Woo, yeah
I be droppin' classics and you niggas know that, huh
Who the fuck sayin' what? Ha
Niggas ain't fuckin' with this
Where he at, where he go?
I ain't never seen 'em, ain't never heard of 'em, I ain't never heard about the nigga
YeahEmbed