28 ContributorsCampfire Lyrics
Today I'll talk about kindness
Justice, faith, and kindness
I want you to listen carefully
Kindness and faith are the foundation
Without them, we can't become good people
And with justice, we know we can lead a good life
And how can I be a good man then, eh?
Huh... well, first of all, you have to practice honesty, hmm?
Keep your temper, never lose control of yourself
Keep control; be patient
If you learn to do these things, you can master anything

Out of nowhere, there came a caravan
This was around a campfire light
A lovely woman in motion
Her hair was as dark, as the night

Cruising on the interstate, just follow while I innovate
Too many try and imitate, medallion like a dinner plate
Front and get your dinner ate, chinchilla for the winter, wait
I'm tryna bring the sexy back like Timbaland and Timberlake
Spittin like a calico, kush from a Cali ho
Tell that joker "tally ho," put shots in that Denali yo
RZA, you know how we go, on them 20's, that's how we roll
And I don't eat berries but eat a Berry like Halle though
The game criminal, my, my chain figaro
My, my dame's pigeon-toed, I'm still the same nigga though
Uh, still rock a fitted low, still got a wicked flow
And I'm like Barry Bonds on anything that RZA throw
You might also like
On anything that RZA throw, Ironman's invisible
I left my chick for cheatin on me, now that bitch is miserable
Poppin bottles, paintin hella Wallas on my physical
We gon' have a ball, might as well pick a testicle
Purple haze, festivals, smoke a nigga like a bowl
Fuck a coma, now the state you layin is a vegetable
You wanna see me? Like you ain't checkable?
You like a CD, I burn you and I wreck a few

Out of nowhere, there came a caravan
This was around a campfire light
A lovely woman in motion
Her hair was as dark, as the night

Only God has leapt into avenged mind
And can distinguish good from evil
Hahahaha (Ayo, Cappa!)

We gotta get more cake together, so we could branch out
Preserve land, get a boat and a ranch house
Call me a dreamer, but I hustle for real
You thought that I fell off but now I'm attackin the field
All in Chicago, grindin, puttin it down
Crush blocks of MC's, I ain't playin around
Yo you heard me on The Bassment, givin it to 'em
Fake dudes hidin theyself, but I could see through 'em
Diggler, what? I'm tryin to live and raise kids
While you throwin up ya sign, I'm layin 'em down kid
Plus I'm back home now, doin my thing
Thirty dollars to Medina just to cop me a ring
Out of nowhere, there came a caravan
This was around a campfire light
A lovely woman in motion
Her hair was as dark, as the night

A good friend holds his drink
Bad company makes bad wine!
Drinking among friends
Red wine means a good life
A few drinks bring comfort
Two drinks are enough!
Money can't buy courage!
Riches mean nothing to us!
Brilliant, a display of geniusEmbed