9 ContributorsSoul Power (Black Jungle) Lyrics
Two thousand and two! (Lookin' like a tennis player)
Representin' the Wu! (You gangsta nigga?)
Two thousand and two! (You? You isn't!)
Representin' the motherfuckin' Wu! (Stand for it right now)
Two thousand and two!
You know how we do!
For you and your crew!
Representin' the motherfuckin' Wu!

Aiyyo catch me coolin' in Aruba, one sneaker on
Lookin' raw beautiful, a blue Ruger, who you lookin' at?
600 whale, steel color, Brazil love us
Y'all niggas is fake—all y'all do is steal from us
Remember this line, I'm that nigga word to my mother
Slap one of y'all fake ass niggas
Reefer from Egypt daddy we rock magnums
All big niggas heavy on the wrist play diss niggas
Ghost story blow 'em, RZA throw the fork through 'em
Me, Wonder Woman cousin, jewelried out, talk to him
Hammers that bust endlessness, cover terrorism what?
Slide in the 7, measure the whips

It's soul power! (Two thousand and two!)
Soul power! (You know how we do!)
Soul power! (For you and your crew!)
Soul power! (Representin' Wu!)
Soul power! (You know how we do!)
Soul power! (Two thousand and two!)
Soul power! (For you and your crew!)
Soul power! (Representin' Wu!)
You might also like
I'm a dollar and a dream from seein' a brick
In grimy hallways, slingin' nicks and treys
When it's on then it's on and poppin, shots lickin'
I'm spittin' this shit for the hood, Glock clickin'
Tension in the street, we stressed, still wanna eat
I walk through the valley of death, the hotstepper
Holdin' red pepper, everybody on reach
I need a beat to expand, the mind guide the hand
Pen stroke, excellent quotes of literature
Nights over Egypt, black as Arabia
Gundeliro self I savior, I need the (uh)

Soul power! (You know how we do!)
Soul power! (For you and your crew!)
Soul power! (Representin' Wu!)
Soul power! (You know how we do!)
Soul power! (Two thousand and two!)
Soul power! (For you and your crew!)
Soul power! (Representin' Wu!)

Aiyyo, aiyyo, aiyyo, I got the whip smellin' like lemon
Roger Clemens jerseys the man blew seven cold coolies in the Worthy and
I crush those rappers, keep the toast near the rad-iator
We like our guns warm, it's easier to make the papers
Stayed off, the cape came off, Ghost G'd off
The track's like doin' six months and I'mma beat off
At the airport attention always flow in my direction like
You let the best then sparkle his perfection and
Bitches be askin' them, Ghost you got so much shit
You need to cash in, bracelets matchin 'em
Line Cadillacs to blocks, Richard Pryor, Redd Foxx
Jukebox records, flatfooted cops
Get automatic systematic jumpin' in your socks
Mama's apple pie in the park hopscotch
Reunited on the radio, Wu-Tang superb
In the sprinklers girls double-dutchin' on the curb
Sinatra, the pop the Jackson 5 recordings
Uptown Saturday, "Cotton Came to Harlem"
Ringmaster circus was, Bailey and Barnum
Crack a Coca-Cola, summer heat was my boredom
Dr. J before Jordan, Al Green on the organ
When Rerun did the dance, the whole world saw him
The blackout fears, Foxxy Brown, Pam Grier
Ford motor gear, your life and times queer
"Smokey the Bear", Burt Reynolds gray hair
Throw 'em some gems, throw up your fists and say yeah, it's

Soul power! (You know how we do!)
Soul power! (For you and your crew!)
Soul power! (Representin' Wu!)
Soul power! (You know how we do!)
Soul power! (Two thousand and two!)
Soul power! (For you and your crew!)
Soul power! (Representin' Wu!)
I'm the nigga that got you talkin' bout "Fight the Power"
Aiyyo, Flav
Whassup, Meth?
What you know about niggas from Long Island right?
Huh?
True Long Island right?
All my life!
All your life, right?
All my life!
Westbury
Word up, Freeport, Long Island, Roosevelt, Long Island
And, and, an-an-and went through Westbury too!
You from Westbury?
Nah, I got family in Westbury
New Castle Park and them
Oh, stop jokin', I ain't know that! You from Hempstead?
Yo, man, my family from Hempstead!
The Heights, man!
Yeah, and I live
Word up, come on, man
'Race Avenue
Oh, what?
'Race Avenue, Hundred Terrace Avenue
Stop jokin', the El Dorados, nigga what?
I got family up in El Dorados right now, nigga, word!
That's where I'm from, that's my block!
That's my block right there! Aiyyo, ha-ha
That's right y'all, that's right, it's all good
Me and Method Man from the motherfuckin' hood!
So get it from the Bricks to the fuckin' wood!
Yeah, niggas!
Knowhatimean? Word up to the bird up
They caught the bird, made him soup
Now I sip from out my cup, nigga, ha-ha-ha
Oh, yo, man, you just hit me in the head with a brick for real
You got me bleedin' from the side of the head, Meth (*Mumbling*)
You're a beautiful fuckin' person
Yo, Meth
Yo, Meth
Yo, check one-two
Without me havin' my finger in the plug
I'm gettin' shocked anyway, ha-ha-ha

"Since you're all so skilled
Let's fight your way—Shaolin style
Come on!"2Embed