7 ContributorsLook Like Lyrics
(Yeah, yeah, they cool)
Ooh, hah
(They cool)
Rah
Turn me up a little bit
(Hahaha, hah, shit)
Hah, hah, hah
(What I tell you I was gonna do, man?)
(I was gonna go diggin' in their chest, right?)
Hah
(Man, they gon’ be in they feelings, nigga)
Hahahaha
(I swear to God, let 'em know)
Wassup?

The fuck I look like? (Hah, oh, you niggas think this shit a game, huh?)
(Hahahaha, y'all niggas came to play, didn’t you?)
The fuck I look like? (Oh yeah, goin' back on they ass, check this out)
The fuck I look like? (Woo, y'all niggas actin' like y'all don't know)
(This seventeen-five, nigga)
The fuck I look like? (Snow, whatever you wanna call me, nigga)
(You know who originated this shit, nigga)

The fuck I look like (Like) lettin' a nigga play me? (Fuck 'em)
Grown-ass man, but I’m still my mama’s baby (Yeah)
2020, I'm gettin’ money like the eighties (Eighties)
Where the mashed potatoes, nigga? Everything is gravy (Ha-haa)
The fuck I look like playin' with these rappers? (Rappers)
He who wears the crown, nigga, king of these trappers (Trappers)
Got it off the block, nigga, hid it in my sock, nigga (Yeah)
Before the sun set (Yeah), 'nother half a block, nigga (Yeah)
The fuck I look like (Like) lettin' a nigga spray me (Spray me)
Bulletproof the Maybach, ain’t touchin' that Mercedes (Yeah)
Four-fourin' the babies (Babies), nothin' 'bout me lazy (Nah)
Think you gon' trick me out my square? Yeah, you motherfuckers crazy (Yeah)
You might also like
The fuck I look like? (Yeah, woo, shit, been the nigga)
(A whole lot of boss shit goin' on here, nigga, sup?)
The fuck I look like? (I hear you nigga, but I don't see y'all, though, nigga)
(You know what I'm talkin' about? I'm tryna tell y'all, nigga, yeah)
The fuck I look like? (Fuck I look like, nigga, one of you niggas or somethin'?)
(Huh? You niggas didn't know I was from the block for reals?)
The fuck I look like? (I put that work in, nigga, we here now)
(Right where we doin' this shit nigga, we go, get into it nigga, let's go)

The fuck I look like (Like) lettin' a nigga trick me (Huh)
Ten do five, you know the streets gon' miss me (Woo)
Whole thing in the pan, lookin' like some Rice Krispies (Woo)
Where that silly rabbit? You know the streets get tricky (Ha)
The fuck I look like (Like) lettin' a nigga bait me (Bait me)
That's the shit I love 'cause I know them niggas hate me (Hate me)
See, Duncan block raised me (Yeah), my partners Crippin' crazy (Yeah)
Ain't nothin' but a gangsta party, that's how I'm feelin' lately (Ayy)
The fuck I look like (Like) gettin' off my drizzick (Hah)
In and out that bank, bitch, I been gettin' busy (Woo)
Countin' hundreds, dizzy (Dizzy), two-steppin' like Trizzick (Ayy)
Don't get it fucked up, that clip still hold fifty (Blaow)

The fuck I look like? (Fuck I look like, nigga, huh?)
(Countin' hundreds, dizzy, two-steppin' like Trizzick)
The fuck I look like? (Don't get it fucked up, boy)
(You know that motherfucker still hold fifty, boy)
The fuck I look like? (They on speed dial, nigga)
(They don't want nothin' but some problems and some bills, nigga)
The fuck I look like? (The fuck I look like, nigga?)
(One of you rap niggas or somethin'?)
SnowEmbed