18 ContributorsChrome Wheels Lyrics
Woke up this morning
Smoked some sticky green to get me started
Choclate Thai, all in my eye
I'm never broken-hearted
Bang us in ya cars, bang us in ya Jeep
Bang that shit retarded
Bob Digi (Sun Zeini)
P. Sunn (12 O'Clock)
Two On Da Road on this, 12 O'Clock
I love my brother to death that old hip-hop
Catch this! Hot Nix'
You know? Big tits

I love my brother to death, nigga pussy to the rest
Shared a pair of Guess and an Eddie Bauer vest
A bitch named Celeste
I met her when I was goin to cash a Def Jam check
She had some big ass breasts
I had to catch her like a shortstop on the Mets
A nigga high off a dime from Gates and Best
Remember grandmother live on Louis and Lex
I remember Dirt Dog crashed his white Lex
I remember me and Meth won a dice game against Ghost and Deck
Remember Portland had Clyde Drex'
Remember 12 O'Clock is a vet
Big Dogs we put 'em to sleep, keep 'em on a leash
I move like days in a week
Niggas don't know the face and names on my teeth
Niggas carry a chrome piece, and separate the heat
Ain't scared of the motherfuckin' police
You might also like
Guns jammed up, I'm cramed up in my lab
Six niggas, six bitches, two fifths and eight bags
One toilet, three weedheads, an alcoholic
And two niggas hooked on pussy
And in the corner, was this brother who would study his lessons
And learned how operate the Smith and the Wesson
Still cut class and played hookey
Threw freshmens in garbage cans, gave 'em nookies
Rolled the, back of the bus with a gun in his socks
Big forehead, had ears like Spock
He was mightier than a truckload of gats
And bound to make a bitch cum in six minutes flat

What up kid? Stay winnin', seen you look good
You look live in ya linen and you survived ninth innin'
The hood got us off the prop without women
All my niggas that ride that provide to the end of this

Ain't nothin' but the real
Ain't nothin' but the real
Ain't nothin' but the real
Million dollar deals
Rollin' on Chrome Wheels
Ain't nothin but the real
Yeah, uh-huh, yeah
This one's on P. Sunn, word up?
Yeah, uh-huh
We gamble the dice
Remain humble, scramble through the jungle of life
While the we rumble with the foul and trife
Shots fired on the block in threes like Glen Rice
Made men think twice about the sacrifice
Black on white, write it for the world to hear
Write it for my fam who not here who do care
Glance and stare, why when you can't compare?
From the bottom of my feet to the end of my hair
Move rear, cop the blue steel bare, groove to the snare
Bass and drums, see my face in the slums
Pedia Brown, media surround my sound
When you see me in the hood of ya town, respect my sound
Sample with black, criminal, chemical rap
Assemblin hat, laced in a suit from Phat
Two On Da Road, got them bitches screamin', "Who Dat?"
Two with the plaques, two with the gats, it's like that

Woke up this morning
Smoked some sticky green to get me started
Choclate Thai, all in my eye
I'm never broken-hearted
Bang us in ya cars, bang us in ya Jeep
Bang that shit retarded
Two On Da Road, Bobby Digital
Please don't get me started
No, no, no, no, no, no
Live it up, live it up
(Uh-huh)
Oh, no, no, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
(Bang us in ya Jeeps)
(Shaolin! Bobby Digital, uh-huh)
(Sunn who? Yeah)

Woke up this morning
Smoked some sticky green to get me started
(Haha! Haha! Yeah!)
Choclate Thai, all in my eye
I'm never broken-hearted
(Get this money y'all)
Bang us in ya cars, bang us in ya Jeep
(Get that money y'all)
Bang that shit retarded
(Get that money y'all)
Two on da Road, Bobby Digital
(Shout in pain)
Please don't get me started
(Uh-huh, yeah, weed blazin')
(Cocoa hazin', cocoa hazin')Embed