38 ContributorsBetter Have Your Gun Lyrics
See, because I am going to kill the fuckery over there
And people is going to be in demand of all the truth

When you come to the Flossy, better have your gun
What's the key to the block? Better have your gun
Disrespect the gang, better have your gun (Yoz, what you tellin' me?)
Oh, you droppin' the woo? Better have your gun
Talk down on my name, better have your gun (Traphouse Mob)
Or you reach for the chain, better have your gun
If you step on my Diors, Diors, better have your gun
Or you laugh at my pain, better have your gun, look

You shot in the air, is you scared of me?
2Pacs, I ain't mad at you (Nah)
Shot a nigga, he was laughing, huh (Grrt)
The same nigga crying after, huh (Uh)
Put a pussy on a platter, huh
Shot your mans and now they adding up
Your mans down and now you mad as fuck
I fucked your bitch and then I'm passing her
What the fuck is you telling me? I got the pedigree
In the hood, I'm fighting felonies (Uh)
It's a whole bunch of jealousy in the air
What the fuck a nigga telling me?
Shoot a nigga, go to jail for it (Uh)
'Cause I know I got the bail for it
For my gun, I'll die for it
Get on the stand and lie for it
Half rapper, half drug dealer
Got a bird up on my wrist (Woo)
Brought the McLaren to the hood (Woo)
Niggas can't get into this (Swish)
Late nights in Puerto Rico (Uh)
Breaking down a half a kilo (Woo)
Eating chicharon with the people (Uh)
Having an orgy with three hoes (Uh)
You might also like
When you come to the Flossy, better have your gun
What's the key to the block? Better have your gun
Disrespect the gang, better have your gun
Oh, you dropping the woo? Better have your gun
Talk down on my name, better have your gun
Or you reach for the chain, better have your gun
If you step on my Diors, Diors, better have your gun
Or you laugh at my pain, better have your gun, look

Niggas talking 'bout a rhyme, I'm talking 'bout guns and crime
I'm fuckin' with you and yours if you think that you fuckin' with mines
I'm a diamond in the rough, all I wanna do is shine
Late nights up in the 9, just know I keep a nine
I ain't with the bitching and snitching (Nah)
I ain't with the politicking (Nah)
Rather sit up in the jail (Uh)
Or swim with the fishes (Uh)
You ain't gon' ever catch me slipping (Woo)
Off the 'Trón, I be sipping
Stove hot, I be whipping
Lot of heat up in kitchen (Let's get it)
In the hills up in Cali (Uh)
Pink Runtz, smoking mad weed (Uh)
Fuckin' on a lil' mama
Lightskin with a jatty
I ain't a gangster if you ask me (Nah)
But lil' nigga, don't put it past me (Nah)
I put your body on standby (Look)
While I blow a dub like Max B (Facts)
When you come to the Flossy, better have your gun
What's the key to the block? Better have your gun
Disrespect the gang, better have your gun
Oh, you dropping the woo? Better have your gun
Talk down on my name, better have your gun
Or you reach for the chain, better have your gun
If you step on my Diors, Diors, better have your gun
Or you laugh at my pain, better have your gun

Better have your gun, better have your gun (Haha, this is big 092MLBOA, a young nigga named GQ)
Better have your gun, better have your gun
Better have your gun, better have your gun (When you see me, better woo)
Better have your gun, better have your gun (This Woo York, nigga)
Better have your gun, better have your gun (Yoz, what you tellin' me?)
Better have your gun, better have your gun (Melo beat)
Better have your gun (Traphouse Mob)7Embed