23 ContributorsOne Blood, One Cuzz Lyrics
Top of the morning, there's just something I wanted to address real quick. You know, there's a lot of people that didn't, like, really appreciate the Unity Walk yesterday. Don't like peace and all that, and I understand. When I was out there, I didn't understand it either. They couldn't talk peace with me. They tried, and I was like, "Nigga, that's schoolyard." You can't find a home in my generation that put in more work than me. You may find one or two that put in as much as me, but you ain't gon' find none that put in more than me. And I'm here to tell you that shit was worthless, bro. When they try to peace, I don't wanna peace. Look where I'm at. This shit ain't cool, bro. Crazy part of this, you go this way to me, two steps that way, you got 60s. You go two steps this way, you got Bloods. We wait for each when we walk to trial, bro. We united in here. Nigga might not hang with a nigga every day, but we know we got each other's backs. And I don't knock y'all out there that ain't with the peace, but don't get on people that are. Some people's just tired of this shit, bro.

One Blood, one cuz, now put them all together, we got one love
One Blood, one cuz, now put them all together, we got one
One Blood, one cuz, now put them all together, we got one love
One Blood, one cuz, now put them all together, we got one

For God so loved the world he gave us a good Crip
The late, great Neighborhood Nip
Dippin' in this L.A. bullshit
'Bout as solid of youngsta as a nigga could get (Yup)
Wasn't nothin' like these thug phonies
Was always showin' love and big respect for all the Blood homies (What up)
You understood the values in the youth
Man, I swear to God, nephew, you was the truth
Damn, how could this nigga do this?
It's 'cause every neighborhood Jesus got a neighborhood Judas
Who hate to see your team ridin' rich
You see that envy and that pride, that's that green-eyed bitch
Worse than a woman scorned (Damn)
It had been better for that man if he had never been born
But Mary, don't you mourn, Martha, don't you weep
You see, your son still affected us deep
Give us the faith to take that leap
You might also like
One Blood, one cuz, now put them all together, we got one love
One Blood, one cuz, now put them all together, we got one
One Blood, one cuz, now put them all together, we got one love
One Blood, one cuz, now put them all together, we got one

All it take is one, one, one brave Blood and one brave Crip
Standing up together like we did back on them slave ships
Out on high sea waves, fighting other whips
Steady hearing "Jesus saves" out of devils lips
Shackled at the hips for the color of our skin
Hundreds of us, yeah, we knew we was brothers then
But here we go again, underneath the gun
They got us thinkin' we all different when we (One)
So I'm givin' thanks to the gangstas, givin' praise to the neighbors
Damus and Pirus, y'all got the whole world amazed
Special shout out to the Hoovers for showin us how it's done
Ain't nothin' greater than when we unite as (One)
Ain't got no ulterior motives and no other agendas
Fakin' like you with us just like some puppet pretenders
We ready to end this
For every eye that still cries
It's time to realize God will rise when we tie us

One Blood, one cuz, now put them all together, we got one love
One Blood, one cuz, now put them all together, we got one
One Blood, one cuz, now put them all together, we got one love
One Blood, one cuz, now put them all together, we got one
One Blood, one cuz, yeah
One Blood, one cuz
Now put them all together, you have one, one, one
One Blood, one cuz
Motherhood, brotherhood, ain't no other hood
Just imagine if we all was one hood
Now put them all together, you got one1Embed