10 ContributorsUnderdog Lyrics
Punk ass nigga (Go)
Yeah (Yeah), yeah (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Woah, Kenny

Take a seat here lil' muh'fucka
I'm the top of the tip like a muh'fucka
I got the stick, let it blow like a muh'fucka (Boom, boom)
White Bentley coupe (Skrrt), call this shit the new Ghostbuster
I fuck niggas bitches, that's me (Blat)
A.H.C.G.I., "Anybody Ho Can Get It" (For real)
Pull up on the scene in a Boston red fitted (Yeah)
All wrists water, old Chanel and it's knitted (Woo)
These—
These dirty lil' bitches got Boat livid (Bih)
You ain't see blue G Wagon, I had to lift it (Skrrt)
Bitch, I move like a king, can't knock off the pimpin' (Uh)
I'ma fuck it up, fuck it up, fuck it up, fuck it up, fuck it up (Fuck)
'Til it's fucked up (Yuh)
Hold my middle finger 'til it's stuck there (Yeah)
My teachers thought I would be stuck there (Bitch)

I'm the muh'fuckin' underdog (Yeah, bitch)
The richest underdog there is (Blat!)
Put that shit on somebody else kids (Bih)
I'ma go handle my bis' (Yeah)
That shit get to shakin' like soda (Ooh)
We get to poppin' like fizz (God)
I'm tired of lendin' my ideas
I need this shit for myself (Ah)
Fuck it, fuck it (Yeah!)
You might also like
Shit fucked up (Hoo!)
Need a mil', not a meal (Uh-uh, uh-uh)
Got a bitch from Brazil
Her friend be blocking  like O'Neal (Yeah, yeah)
Bitch, my hair is red (Hoo)
I can't change the color, not to teal (Uh-uh, uh-uh)
It's always "Help me out"
Never "Ayy, yo Boat, how you feel?" (Hoo! Uh! Uh!)
I can't fuck with niggas (Yeah)
'Cause niggas pussy, they ain't real (Uh-uh)
Feel like Nathan Deal (Hoo!)
Don't do no crime if you gon' squeal (Hoo-hoo)
The bitty gave me chills (Hoo! Hoo!)
Can't even feel in my fuckin' city (Uh)
I'm in the motherfuckin' field

I'm the muh'fuckin' underdog (Lil' bitch)
The richest underdog there is (Yeah)
Put that shit on somebody else kids (Boat)
I'ma go handle my bis' (Uh-uh, Boat)
That shit get to shakin' like soda
We get to poppin' like fizz (Uh-uh)
I'm tired of lendin' my ideas
I need this shit for myself (Uh-uh)
Fuck it, fuck it (Uh-uh)
I'm the muh'fuckin' underdog (Yeah, bitch)
The richest underdog there is (Blat!)
Put that shit on somebody else kids (Bih)
I'ma go handle my bis' (Yeah)
That shit get to shakin' like soda (Ooh)
We get to poppin' like fizz (God)
I'm tired of lendin' my ideas
I need this shit for myself (Ah)
Fuck it, fuck it3Embed