18 ContributorsI Feel It (Freestyle) Lyrics
Nuh-uh
It's K. Dot, uh, yeah, uh, yeah, I said Philly
Uh, yeah, uh, yeah, uh
Who say West Coast niggas don't know anything about real hip-hop?
I'm 'bout to give you a prime example

Where my gangstas at? Where my dimes at?
Where my nickels and dimes at?
.45's Mac 10's and nines at?
9 times out of 10 half of y'all will die in this combat
If its 12 of you, shells bubble like Alka-Seltzer
You wanna die? I can help you
Put the rap beef aside and  the content of the street shit to the block, parental advised
I'm feeling like Muhammad Ali in his prime
Mike Jordan in his heyday
Call me Jeff Gordon in that hard top swerving in between the lines
I'm tryna see a better way, I still feel hatred
Uncle Bobby's still incarcerated, Grandma died in Vegas
Grandpa moved to Mississippi
I really can't tell if dude missed me
Probably stretched out on the floor, with an empty bottle of whiskey next to his earlobe
More reason why my heart cold
Prior to a lot of hatin' going, Feds raided the studio
We tryna do songs, but they ain't listen
They just kick down the door as if they have permission
Why you had to do that for?
I wish Pro Tools was on record
Wish I was sitting in the booth doing the chorus or something
No assumptions, I know I'm nice
I know I'm walking the path of greatness, no compass
Not Atheist, but the bars reside with Satan
Chokin' the mic, releasing my frustration
Rather do that before I catch court cases
Locked up by Caucasians, claustrophobic
Boxed in like a new Porsche rollin'
Stones on my wrist, iceberg, Titanic frozen
K. Dot's in my colon
That nigga, Colon Powell
Modern day war victim
Oh, I'm foul, come join my coalition
No snitch nigga, go join the co-defendant
Feel relentless, new apprentice
King of, comprehension
No competition
Compton's back, pump your fist like this and that
No sumbliminals, I'm listenin', face the facts
You're a disgrace to this rap business
Just a one-man office, you need assistance
Gun tucked, walk in the club, set off sensors
I am a senseless thug, with book smarts
And anybody wanna go at rap legends, without theirself to question
We gave you the self-motivation to be in this profession
Gave you the rhyme scheme before your English education
Exclamation, put it in quotes
I say I'm better than most that say they're the ones that gave 'em swag
The flow, the artist development
Am I who gave you the growth?
You didn't bloom by yourself, somebody had to plant the seed
The sun shine, and now king me
The rapper's rapper, the MC's MC
Kodak moment that's been captured, cheese
I said cheeseYou might also likeEmbed