21 ContributorsJungle Lyrics
Ha, got bars like a prison
Did I forget to mention?
Diana, ayy, mama
I'm leanin'
Young Thug
They fumblin', and me?

I ball multiple ways which means I'm athletic
You been hustlin' for ten years which means you bad at it
If a million was nine feet, you wouldn't grab at it
But a cracker got five thousand, you'd snag at it (They fumblin', and me?)
I ball multiple ways which means I'm athletic
You been hustlin' for ten years which means you bad at it
If a million was nine feet, you wouldn't grab at it
But a cracker got five thousand, you'd snag at it
Them niggas stupid dumb which makes me stupid smart
And they be waitin' for one play while I be playin' my part
My diamonds ricochet, them diamonds lookin' dark
I be in the crowd with my fans, I have a groupie heart
Bitch, I be goin' in but I ain't naked though
And I be flexed up, I own a Beau tux', yo
Them niggas wifin' them, we be on the next hoes
And I kick the super shit, but Boot's leg broke
Yeah, and this beat crazy
But I been fuckin' beats, that's how I got two babies
Yay, shouts out to real lil' Haiti
What are babies born with rabies? Ugh
You might also like
Cleveland Ave is a concrete jungle (It is)
It's a jungle (It is)
It's a jungle (It is)
Niggas from the Ave don't fumble (Yeah)
They can't fumble (Yeah)
They won't fumble (ROC Crew)
Cleveland Ave is a concrete jungle (Jonesberg South)
It's a jungle (Yay, I'm leanin)
It's a jungle (Xan, that's cool, I'm leanin')
Niggas from the Ave don't fumble (Haha)
They can't fumble (Um)
They won't fumble (Um)

What's the beefin' about? And niggas say they shootin'?
Shit, they snuck and shot me, what's the sneakin' about?
What's the cheatin' about? Oh, they eatin'? Where 'bout?
Shit, I don't sneak, I don't cheat, I just see and hop out
Then I start gunnin'
Then they start runnin'
And I start runnin', you know how that go
Where I'm from niggas might buy a deuce or four
And then later I'm kickin' the door, Big Jimbo fo' sho'
Yeah, shouts out to the ROC Crew
Unfoonk, I got us, I mean I got you
You like a new pair of shoes, I gotta cop you
And when you get home I swear they ain't gon' stop you
From doin' nothin', shouts out to twenty-eleven
Shouts out to all eleven of the kids
And when I talk to my mama I still sit on her like a kid
And if you have them racks my homie will sit on you like a wig
You dig?3Embed