38 Contributors5 Deadly Venomz Lyrics
*laughter*
We going platinum nigga, we going platinum (Where the beat?)
Yeah, you got the Live Squad in this motherfucker
We get my nigga Treach from Naughty By Nature in this motherfucker
My nigga Apache up in this motherfucker

My Mossberg goes boom, gimme room, can I catch it
Talkin' quicker than a vic that's tryin' to keep from gettin' blasted
I had enough I put a hit upon them bastards
Boo-yaa, turn this Benz into a casket
Now they after me, prowling for a niggas bucks
Time to see, who's the G, with the bigger nuts
Buck buck, big up they're livin' reckless
Niggas with a death-wish step in with a TEC and I'll wet this
Yeah this shit is hyper
True to what I'm writing, representing and I'm striking like a viper
Huh, I got my mind made up, I got my nine
Ring the alarm, and strong-arm what's mine
Some niggas need to feel me with a passion
I'm old fashioned, run up on me, nigga, and get blasted
With five deadly venoms

Yeah 'Pac, fuck that, still hittin' 'em up with
That old deadly shit, ayy yo, Treach, where you at?
Step up and hit they ass up with the wickedness
You might also like
We come to hit you with a sock full of funk
Under ya eye next to ya nose, punk
It's funky like skunk blunts stunk like funk cunt
I come to take you on a war rough and rugged route
And if another doubts I blow your fuckin' mother out
And after she's crossed out
I shout, "I'm the MC wit' the nasty mouth!" and kick the bitch out
Sue me? I pay the lawyer for ya oh boy yeah
Plus my style's ten to twenty fuckin' pounds more
I take you quicker than a picture of a punk ya pickin' shit
Pickin' pockets with a razor stoppin' Russian rockets
Not shoplift, I'm liftin' shop
Once you sound hot, 'cause if you ain't a perfect ten
My sign is stop!
It's twenty mother-crooked-fuckin' styles in 'em
Like women in denim, I'm in 'em for deadly ready venom

Yeah, as I take a puff I get rough, Big Maj
The thugadon king I come tougher
Tear 'em down with the sound of the Squad hard, boom!
Breakin' 'em down, I make 'em see their doom
Coming straight from the dome where I roam since a toddler
Rob and steal and runnin' from the coppers
Who hold a, boulder, turn the gun controller
Started from a punk, now to be a high roller
Youngest, reckless, crazy, disaster
MAC-11 blaster, and I run faster
Than a lot of cops I can't be stopped 'til my head gets popped
A lot of fuckin' bodies will drop
It's a disaster, I'm coming for the blood splatter
I make 'em scatter, leavin' trails of brains and bladders
Blowin' 'em out the frame with no shame
Game tight, drop a body then get out of sight
Count my loot after I shoot, feed my kid, fuck a bitch
Something I don't wanna do, something that I never did
I try to get him, I think I hit 'em, I lit him
He's out! A poison, a deadly venom
Yeah Maj, fuck that! You know how we do
Know I'm sayin'? Squad in effect, YG'z in effect
Now you know a nigga like me gotta represent
You know I'm sayin'? Check it out

Once again, back to rip shit, quick on the flip tip
The psycho, represent the real to take the mic flow
Deadly, rock a head G, check the melody
Niggas can't touch me when I'm wreckin' shit you better flee
'Cause I'm gifted with a jab and a forty-four Mag
So nigga flip or take a trip in a body bag
Uhh, boom you slipped up, now you're zipped up
Yeah one more statistic, fronted and got ripped up
No joke, you get yolked, no matter how it sound
We're taking all fake niggas back to the stomping ground
Line 'em up single file, dome runnin' in 'em
A nigga hit 'em with the venom, the fourth deadly venom

Nigga, ya know I'm sayin'? Fuck that!
I told you, we takin' over, yo 'Pac

Five deadly venoms verse five be the livest
Strugglin' and strive, keep a nine in my waistline
Take mine, you better bury me, G
Punk ass niggas don't even worry me, see
I got a Glock that say 'Pac run the block
Fuck the cops 'cause my gauge gets me— paid!
As I sit and reminisce about the old days
Hugging on my AK, fuck getting played, hey
I say niggas need to get they mind right
Until they do I pop a clip and grip my nine tight
Now it's on everyday could be my last day
That's why I blast on they ass as I passed let the glass spray
First you had a mouth full of fronts
Now your mouth's full of chunks, Pac's out puffin' blunts
Deadly venoms
Hahaha, yeah pass that shit over here
Apache bout to clean shit up

Throw up your middle finger! Start the track for the maniac
Only thing I'm giving out is black donuts and dirty backs
Let me tell ya how rough I get
I pop shit behind your back get in your face and pop the same shit
You can't get in 'cause my gate's bigger, I'm a snake nigga
I act thug, squeeze so hard I break the fuckin' trigger
I'm a cinch in a clinch, your punch is like a pinch
Test the rhyme I'll knock your hairline back an inch
Fuckin' up pooh-butts, cut 'em like cold cuts
Choke 'em with my bootlace, then leave 'em hangin' like old nuts
Clip up and move out, time to get 'em
That's the results of fuckin with the fifth venom in denim

Yeah, Ya know I'm sayin'?
Five motherfuckin deadly venoms, in effect for '93
'94, '95 all that other shit
We takin this motherfucker over this larger hit
Ya know I'm sayin'? Follow us, come along, ya know I'm sayin'?
We takin this motherfucker over, trust, we out7Embed