120 ContributorsTranslationsРусский? (Question Mark) Lyrics
My servants began to forge what was to become the most dreaded costume on the face of the earth. The last thing to fit was the mask. Would it conform to my twisted features in comfort?

He cleans his metal mask with gasoline, they after him
Last seen pulling chicks like a fiend pull a fast one
Can't put shit past him
Got niggas on his own team mad enough to blast him
Retarded in real life, on the mic Rain Man
Stand close to his main man like a chain gang
Who give a fuck about who or they fancy crew
That's no mystery, like Hardy Boys do with Nancy Drew
Saw her with her drawers down, caught her
The extorter bring slaughter like "Well I oughta"
I suggest you hand over the formula, 'dullah
A villain in your land, in his land a ruler
Hard hitting like puffing a woolah with Lieutenant Uhura
Every day feel like it's an off day with Ferris Bueller
Brother pull heat to prove they not sweet
No matter how you spell it, we still got beats

Don't question how we live, question what we give
Take it to the next leave 'em where they can't see me
Still they judge, but they be butt ass
Twist that wig like a muppet, keep it simple, can't truss it
Light's the fuel, mic is the tool
Drink Jack, kick back, drop jewel, finish what I start
Mastered the art, living hell can't explain it
Inhale confuse it more, cop the .44
Contemplate, meditate, dictate
I direct my direct fate, coming of late
Kurious, can I say, "Shit?"
Do it for Kadi Rock, do it for K.Nit
(RIP)
K-N-I-T, Sub R-O-C
(Eternally for M-I-C)
Only we save we
You might also like

By candlelight my hand will write these rhymes 'til I'm burnt out
Mostly from experience, shit that I learned about
Topics and views, generally concerned about
With different ways to come up and earn clout
I take a look at my life and pace the trails
From Tablik and savage females with fake nails to face veils
You out your frame for still bagging 'em, too
You know I know, these hoes be asking me if I'm you
Like my twin brother, we did everything together
From hundred raka'at salats to copping butter leathers
Remember when you went and got the dark blue Ballys?
I had all the different color Cazals and Gazelles
The "SUBROC" three-finger ring with the ruby in the "O", ahk
Truly the illest dynamic duo on the whole block
I keep a flick of you with the machete sword in your hand
Everything is going according to plan man

And now I seek revenge on the one who forced me to hide behind this mask. Don't move you fools. Within my gauntlet is concealed a most effective weapon!

Why are you smiling?
You see

Now!

That's the end of Doom

I only wish we could be certain of that commissioner

Oh ya? I bet'chu we won't see him again until Doomsday. 
Get it? Doom-Doomsday!

Ya, we get it. Oh Brother!
23Embed