86 ContributorsOpposites Attract (Tomorrow W/O Her) Lyrics
Uh, yeah, uh, yeah
Uh, yeah, uh
We hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us, love people
I'm inspired, so get inspired

And so he said "Why you gotta be so kind-hearted?
Why you couldn't be a con artist? Why you couldn't?
Why you couldn't be mischievous or just a lil' devious
The moment that we first started?
Why you never ask for nothing, just a lil' time?
Why you let me use yours 'cause I don't got mines?
Why you always lift me up, when I'm completely giving up
And when niggas holla, "What's up?" you give a dry response?
Why you giving me your last knowing you ain't got it?
Why you always buy me something when you going shopping?
Why you tell me that you love me?
Why you always thinking of me?
Want my company rather than going club hopping?
Why you treating my momma like she your momma too?
Why you making promises that you'll forever do?
Whatever just to make me happy, wanting us to have a family
These are exactly the reasons why I cheat on you" (Sometimes)
You might also like
We hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us

Sometimes I, sometimes I feel we share
Nothing in common, it ain't fair
But where do we seem to fall
Where do we seem to fall
Tender love and care, once upon a time
Once upon a time, we was there

And so she said "Why you gotta be so mean to me?
Why you don't know what you mean to me?
Why you always playing games? Why I feel like you ashamed
Out in public curse me out and make a scenery?
Why you got other bitches rolling their eyes at me?
Why text messages popping up saying, "Hi, Daddy"?
Why you treat me like I'm nothing? Why you always at a function?
I be wanting to go out but you don’t ever ask me
Why you slip and say her name when we having sex?
Why you always assuming that I still like my ex?
Every time we get into it, I'm the one that's feeling stupid
You don't need me, you gon' leave me, that's ya favorite threat
Why you never know how it feel to be lonely?
Why I feel I'm the last option after ya homies?
Why you always gotta know that I will never let you go
Even though you get violent and put your hands on me?"
Sometimes
We hurt people that love us, love people that
Hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us
Hurt people that love us, love people that hurt us

Sometimes I, sometimes I feel we share
Nothing in common, it ain't fair
But where do we seem to fall
Where do we seem to fall
Tender love and care, once upon a time
Once upon a time, we was there

She says she loves me
She says she loves me
So she clings to me, even when I want to be left alone
But she's beautiful
Like, sometimes, when I have things on my mind, she's the perfect person to listen
And she only gives advice, she says, when I give her a cue
She says she loves me
Like when I wake up in the morning, she's sitting on the edge of the bed with a plate of food, wanting to feed me
She says she needs me
She says she loves me
Or like when I'm stepping out of the shower, she's standing there with the towel, wanting to, wanting to dry me off
She says, she says she loves me
So instead of admitting that she has made another mistake
She says she loves me... and I don't know about love90Embed