147 ContributorsTranslationsTravis Scott - Sloopy Toopy ft. Migos & Peewee Longway (Traducción al Español)*PortuguêsSloppy Toppy Lyrics
Darling, when the moon is bright
I want you to be holding me tight

Migo!
She see me pull up in that 'Rari
I'm thinkin' 'bout choppin' the toppy (Chop the top, skrrt)
Got bitches on bitches, they run 'round the lobby
They know that I got it (Ooh, go)
I got too much money signs, sorry, can't fit in my wallet (No)
Sloppy toppy, you can't touch my wallet (Sloppy top)
Sloppy toppy, know the bitches got it (Woo, oh)
Know that she got it (Know that she got it)
Know that she got it (What she got, huh?)
Sloppy toppy (Ooh, ooh, agh)
Sloppy toppy, huh (Nasty)
Know that she got it (Know, oh)
Know that she got it (I know)
Sloppy toppy, bet the bitch has got it (Huh)
Sloppy toppy, bet that bitch has got—

(Brrt, hello?)
Migos, they know that I got it (Oh, straight up)
Know that my wristwatch is sloppy
Now they want a double dutch in my pockets (Straight up, yeah, yeah)
Tell me one thing, is you 'bout it? (Is you 'bout it?)
Girl, is you 'bout it? (Lil' bitty bitch, is you 'bout it?)
Gotta know before we let you tiptoe and run through the lobby (Run through the lobby, fuck is you sayin'?)
But the little bitty told me sloppy toppy was a hobby (Damn, damn, straight up)
So she gave me sloppy toppy like the sloppy toppy goddess (Like the sloppy toppy goddess, slop, slop)
Over the garden (Over the garden, slop)
Over the garden (Over the garden, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Oh, what a goddess
On my province, we don't do massages (Straight up), just ménages (Oh)
She like to talk shit when we fuck, after she claims she forgot it (Straight up)
She don't tap out, no tap out, she'd rather just black out
Then we take trips to her trap house
We been pullin' them stack outs
Call over your friends, bend over, they poppin' for bands
Can't stop if I can
No, I do not do beer cans, fuck is this, frat house?
You might also like
I know that she got it, Quavo know that she got it
Know that she got it
I know that she got it, I know that she got it (Quavo!)

I pull up and pick her up (Get her bruh, go)
I know that she bad (Bad)
And I know that the head is so good when she got around (Ooh)
I know that we call her the sloppy toppy (Sloppy top, woo)
My pockets so sloppy (Sloppy top, woo)
I pull out the whopper (Rrah), the chopper
Just know that's who shot ya (Uh, who?)
Me (Woo, uh)
Pull up in that 'Rari I don't have a key (Who got the key, huh?)
She hop in the whip, disappear like a genie (Go)

She got the sloppy toppy (Ugh), bitches want my broccoli
She after my money, Monopoly (Huh?)
Them twitter bitches wanna follow me (Yes)
I make 'em swallow me then kick 'em off of my property (My property)
Paparazzi keep on stalkin' me (Flash)
Feel like the Federali's keep on watchin' me (12)
Worth a hundred mill', niggas can't talk to me (Hundred mill')
Get sloppy toppy, but you givin' currency (Egh)
I make your bitch work for me, she at the DoubleTree (Bitch)
Chopping strong, OG gas bags of that Hercules (Bag)
Removing the top off the Audi, do surgery (Ayy, ayy)
Red on the bottom of my shoes, it's a murder scene
I don't want your bitch, she a nat-nat (Nat)
Pull up in the Audi, it's a hatchback (Hatchback)
Kickin', pimpin' and I'm luxury livin'
Makin' it disappear, I'm a magician (Yeah)
(Oh)
Know that the bad bitch got it (Know that she got it)
Know that she got it, I know that she got it, I know that she got it (Know)
Know that the bad bitch got it (Know that she got it)
Know that she got it, I know that she got it, I know that she got it (Ooh)

Sloppy in the wrist and all my pockets (Bands, count it)
Come here, lil' bitch, I want sloppy toppy (Bitch)
Buttnaked fuckin' in Balenciaga (Balenciaga)
Her pussy wet, I call it Fiji water (Fiji)
I know she got it, I'ma beat it for her (Beat it for her)
Then I dismiss the bitch and ignore her (Get the fuck out)
They know I got it, I'm at the top list of Forbes (Top list of Forbes)
Blue Benjamins on me, no dubs (Blue Benjis)
Duffel bag filled up like I'm Money Mayweather
Boogers in my Rollie, Pikachu yellow (Brr, ugh)
Pick a shoe, Balenci, Maison Margiela
Pick a big bezel, which bezel is better? (Which bezel is better?)
My jeweler know I got big cheddar (Bag)
Double Lambo, double parking wherever (Ooh)
Double R Ghost, jump out with an umbrella (Skrrt, skrrt)
Come with me, we take off like space shuttles
Longway, Longway (Bitch)
(Oh)
Know that the bad bitch got it (Know that she got it)
Know that she got it, I know that she got it, I know that she got it (Know)
Know that the bad bitch got it (Know that she got it)
Know that she got it (Offset), I know that she got it, I know that she got it (Ooh)

Sloppy toppy in the Maserati (Sloppy top)
She gon' get on top me, ride me like a Harley (Vroom)
I don't fuck with the molly, look at her body (Body)
She a hottie like a bag of Takis (Hottie)
Beat the pussy like I'm Pacquiao (Beat it up)
Squeeze the nipples like you milk a cow (Wah)
Pull up in the car that she can't pronounce (Skrrt)
Dick in her mouth, you'd think she got a root canal (Ah)
Thirty thousand for her Birkin (Thirty K)
Fat booty, shawty perfect (Perfect)
She gag on the dick and she burpin' (Ah)
She swallow my kids like a Slurpee (Woah)
Good brains, she nerdy (Ooh)
I'm wonderin' what is her purpose (What is it?)
When I get around her I get nervous (Huh)
Little mama, she clean like detergent (Clean)

(Oh)
Know that the bad bitch got it (Know that she got it)
Know that she got it, I know that she got it, I know that she got it (Know)
Know that the bad bitch got it (Know that she got it)
Know that she got it, I know that she got it, I know that she got it88Embed