304 ContributorsTranslationsTürkçePortuguêsMarvins Room Lyrics
Hello?
Yeah, I just walked in
Yeah, I'm good, you still working?
Tonight, right now?
Did I go out? Yeah, I went out, I went
I went to a couple of clubs
I never went to bed, shit
Wine or water?
Did you say something about a cold drink? I don't know
I'm delirious

Cups of the rosé
Bitches in my old phone
I should call one and go home
I've been in this club too long
The woman that I would try
Is happy with a good guy
But I've been drinkin' so much
That I'ma call her anyway and say

Fuck that nigga that you love so bad
I know you still think about the times we had
I say fuck that nigga that you think you found
And since you pick up, I know he's not around, oh, oh
You might also like
Are you drunk right now?
I'm just sayin' you could do better
Tell me, have you heard that lately?
I'm just sayin' you could do better
And I'll start hatin' only if you make me

Uh, cups of the XO
All my people been here
I see all of her friends here
Guess she don't have the time to kick it no more
Flight's in the morning
What you doin' that's so important?
I've been drinkin' so much
That I'ma call you anyway and say

Fuck that nigga that you love so bad
I know you still think about the times we had
I say fuck that nigga that you think you found
And since you pick up, I know he's not around
Are you drunk right now?
I'm just sayin' you could do better
Tell me, have you heard that lately?
I'm just sayin' you could do better
And I'll start hatin' only if you make me
I think I'm addicted to naked pictures
And sittin' talkin' 'bout bitches that we almost had
I don't think I'm conscious of makin' monsters
Outta the women I sponsor 'til it all goes bad
But, shit, it's all good
We threw a party, yeah, we threw a party
Bitches came over, yeah, we threw a party
I was just callin' 'cause they were just leavin'
Talk to me, please, don't have much to believe in
I need you right now, are you down to listen to me?
Too many drinks have been given to me
I got some women that's livin' off me
Paid for their flights and hotels, I'm ashamed
Bet that you know them, I won't say no names
After a while, girl, they all seem the same
I've had sex four times this week, I'll explain
Havin' a hard time adjustin' to fame
Sprite in there mixed up
I've been talkin' crazy, girl, I'm lucky that you picked up
Lucky that you stayed on
I need someone to put this weight on
Fuck, I'm sorry
Are you drunk right now?
I'm just sayin' you could do better
Tell me, have you heard that lately?
I'm just sayin' you could do better
And I'll start hatin' only if you make me
You not gon' come?
I guess I'm 'bout to just kick it here then

Just throw up while I hold your hair back
Her white friend said, "You niggas crazy," I hope no one heard that
Yeah, I hope no one heard that
'Cause if they did, we gon' be in some trouble, yeah
If they did, we gon' be in some trouble, trouble, oh270Embed