10 ContributorsThe Ceiling Lyrics
Transmitting live from the cusp of extinction
Look you in the eyes like, "Fuck was you thinking?"
I'm kinda feeling like there's nothing left to defend
But if we keep it Franklin, that's just another weekend
I guess karma really gives you what you paid for
'Cause AmeriKKKa got blood in her carburetor
I'm in the mountains hiding out from the park rangers
Something 'bout putting a slug in your heart chamber
If I ain't the one that wrote it, then I quoted it
Ipso facto, I overlooked your ownership
Kicked that backdoor to open it, broke it in
Hit those bad notes and drove it like I chauffeured it
S'posed to get me on a guest list, but I'm skeptical
In my profession don't nobody act professional
Decided I'd arrive a little bit ahead of schedule
And started up a heavy metal band with the devil, it goes

I been working my whole life to touch the ceiling
Don't even know if I'd recognize the feeling
But I been working my whole life
I been working my whole life to touch the ceiling
Don't even know if I'd recognize the feeling
But I been working my whole life
You might also like
And it's a viking ship, there's no breakfast
And it's the life we live, it's so precious, yeah
And don't pretend that you was over our heads if
You know you never meant for us to catch those references
(Right?) And just so I can understand
Nobody in command'll willingly give up their upper hand
Unless suddenly their gun is jammed
And you pry it from their motherfucking hands (Right?)
And I been working my whole life afraid of the clock
And I know that ain't right 'cause I can't make it stop
Gotta show up and finish the shift
The baby told me being present is a gift
And maybe that's why you refuse to fall asleep
Probably keep it moving till the heart stops respondin' to the beat
But my brain's still self-conscious
Like I coulda cut my losses if I would've acknowledged I was exhausted

'Cause I been working my whole life to touch the ceiling
Don't even know if I'd recognize the feeling
But I been working my whole life
I been working my whole life to touch the ceiling
Don't even know if I'd recognize the feeling
But I been working my whole life
And I dunno if this is how it's supposed to feel
How will I know if this is how it's supposed to feel?
And I dunno if this is how it's supposed to feel
How will I know if this is how it's supposed to feel?
 
Ey, du?
Hvordan kommer du deg ut av buret ditt da?
Prøver du å rømme, eller?
Ja, hvor er det du skal dra hen da?
Du kommer deg ikke noe lengre
Det rommet her e'kke noe bedre enn et bur, det er bare større
Og ja, jeg vet at du ikke har sett himmelen før
Men det der...
Det er bare et tak
Om du flyr for høyt, så kommer du bare til å skade deg sjølEmbed