38 ContributorsI’m the Man Lyrics
He gonna have the nerve to fucking tell me niggas from the south can’t spit?
Bitch I’ll smack your dumb ass
(Fayettenam what up? Carolina what up?)
Stupid ass mother fuckers (New York, what up? Queens)
I'ma quit talking shit and about show y’all
I told y’all niggas that I’m getting my bread and going home
I'ma show you all stupid ass motherfuckers (Coming soon, nigga)
Dumb ass niggas

The heir to the throne
South nigga bred to the bone
But haters say he fled from his home (Please)
Now picture that, I was 18 with million dollar dreams (Yeah)
Moved to Jamaica Queens, like Prince Akeem
But ain’t looking for no queen, (nah)
Came to get my c.r.e.a.m. (yup)
City on my back, I just lift my wings, I’m fly
You niggas on my dick, why lie?
Thought them niggas from the south couldn’t spit, voilà
I’m here. humble out of respect, not fear
So please be clear, nigga please beware
I’m a motherfucking monster, B.S. me? (Nah)
No, my hand game like fucking PSP
Now pop the champagne, money is coming soon
My dick do the damn thing, honey it’s cumming soon
She jerking, bend her over, now she hurting
Living reckless got me thinking of death, look how she flirting
Well, fuck that bitch, man a nigga tryna breathe (Yeah)
Some of these niggas be tryna dick her down and leave
Rest in peace, y'all boys living too fast
Caught up in the cash, and got shot up in a flash
Ville niggas don’t play
When it comes to that money, think real niggas won’t spray?
Mid-day when it’s sunny, they kill niggas broad day
On some old new jack shit
This rap shit is like tag nigga you not it, so run
You might also like
Ha ha ah
I’m the man, ha ha ha, yeah, hey
I’m the man
I’m the man, (I told y'all niggas)
I’m the man

Yeah, uh
They say I act like I’m the man, 'cause motherfucker I am
Niggas study my style, I should be giving exams
Damn boy I'm so flamboyant with the ensemble
Polo jacket, polo tee, what a fine combo
And I’m the man, now understand a nigga bossin’ (Yeah)
Scheming on that drop top CL but it’s costing (Yeah)
Long term plans for the fam, we’ll be golfing
Never catch a nigga double-crossing, unless i’m flossing (Woo)
In the streets niggas peaceful until you force em'
To quarter back them bullet passes, you could Randy Moss ‘em
Goddamn you niggas got handled
Niggas only publishing, my style got sampled
So I switched like a thick bitch with some heels on
I seen a nigga get popped, I feel for ‘em
I know who did it, but you think I’m finna squeal on him?
Shout out to R.J. Hill I would kill for him
That’s word, nigga observe my genius
E&J sipping got a nigga straight leaning
My DNA dripping while your girl stay drinking (Haha)
I told y’all I’m the man, what the fuck y'all niggas thinking?
Ha ha ah
I’m the man, ha ha ha, yeah, hey
I’m the man
I’m the man, (I told y'all niggas)
I’m the man

Yea
First and foremost, Fayettenam what’s good?
Carolina, what up? Bull city, Raleigh, Charlotte, Salem
Greensboro, Wilmington, nigga
Everywhere dog, I’m reppin' from long distance, man
I told y’all boy, I’m bout to get this money and come home right quick
Y’all niggas still see me tho, you think I’m still there; you ain’t even know I’m gone
Back so much, nigga
I hear you all little niggas talking, nigga
Prince of the city, nigga
Prince of the south, nigga, holla at me
Ya know? Heir to the throne, bitch7Embed