7 ContributorsIn Da Spot Lyrics
Check check, mic check, one two, one two, mic check
Ladies and gentlemen, welcome to the hottest spot in New York City on a Saturday night. You already know who it is. It's ya boy DJ Finesse, Mr. Bad Boy DJ. The rules are simple. Get to the bar. Get your drinks on. Take care of your bartenders and your waitresses please. For all my V.I.P ballers, shotcallers, betta move them bottles for y'all. I'm about to bring out my man, he about to host the night tonight. Shout to Masta Ace, officially in the building

Ayo, you came up in the spot 'cause you heard that it was hot
Even though, a week ago, somebody was shot
They said the cops came and swarmed the whole block
And shut the club down but, nope, they did not
'Cause the spot so packed you can barely even walk
The music so loud, it's impossible to talk
Y'all just point where you want to go, glass held above
The crowd, you don't spill a drop, ladies showin' love
You got three in the V.I.P., waiting patiently
It's gon' be a crazy night, just you wait and see
You got chicken wings, champagne, fruit on the platter
Spendin' all this money like the loot don't matter but it does
Y'all know what it is, y'all know what it was
Y'all ain't got the riches, y'all just stuntin' for the bitches
Y'all ain't having fun, y'all just frontin' for the bitches
It's funny how your whole style switches up in the spot

Brooklyn, New York, we in the spot
Everywhere we go we in the spot
All the way down south we in the spot
Even on the west coast we in the spot
We in the spot
You might also like
Ayo, y'all came up in the spot 'cause y'all thought that y'all was hot
Every fella's plot is ta' try to get a shot
'Cause the shirt so short, it goes right up to the top
Actin' like you're not showing everything you got
But you are, got the tits pushed all up in that bra
You and your friends looking all up in that car
You're gonna need a telescope to really see a star
Cause that ain't who you thinking is
A lot of drinking is the absolute plan
This is not the spot to find a man
And you're looking for a prince, are you dense?
Want a man with dollars but this ain't making sense
Baby girl, you striking out, swinging for the fence
Alcohol strong, you can barely even talk
Heels so high, you can barely even walk
Blue drink, green drink, yellow drink, red
Colors of the rainbow, settlin' on your head in the spot

Brooklyn, New York, we in the spot (that's right)
Everywhere you go we in the spot
All the way down south we in the spot
Even on the west coast we in the spot
We in the spot
Alright y'all, that's gonna do it for this Saturday night. Hottest spot in New York City, you know what it is, DJ Finesse. Shouts to my man Masta Ace for comin' through hosting tonight. Alright, if you at the bar right now, close out your tabs. Take care of your bartenders and waitresses once again. If you had too much to drink please pass the keys, we want to see you here each and every Saturday night. Finesse, Masta Ace, we out babyEmbed