20 ContributorsOfficer Lyrics
Yo, Fatlip, man
Yo, man, they tryna run a power move on us, man
Yo, man
You got to tell the suckers what's up, boy
Yeah, haha

I got a letter from the DMV the other day
I opened and read it, it said they were suckers
They tried to tell me that my license was suspended
I got offended for a minute, then pretended
That I never even got the damn letter
It's nine o'clock on the dot, so I think I'd better
Scoot off to school, 'cause in class, there's a test
I gotta dress fast, grab my glasses and my vest
Oh damn, as hardheaded as I am
Hopped in my hooptie ride, pumped up the jam
Put it in reverse, into first, then dispersed and
From that very moment on, my day got worse

As I was standing in the street, I suddenly seen the smoke
I know that Derrick's on his way, I ran to get my coat
And a bag from the room, it took a minute, boom
Hopped into the car, we drove away in a zoom
I assume doom as we were drivin' on the gravel
At any given minute, we could have a shortened travel
So I ramble about my life, 'cause that's in shambles
Shoulda took the bus
I busted out some sandals or some old Nikes
I wish we had some good bikes
We need to exercise, maybe we could take a hike
And you could give Sheri back those car keys
Because everywhere I walk, I would not have to say please
You might also like
Please don't pull me over, Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over, Mr. Officer, please
Please don't pull me over, Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over, Mr. Officer, please
Please don't pull me over, Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over, Mr. Officer, please
Please don't pull me over, Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over, Mr. Officer, please

Away to our destination
No license, no insurance, not even registration
Tags on the plate say December '82
Car's so dirty it looks gray (Gray), but it's really blue (Blue)
Who would think we're up to good?
Four Black niggas drivin' through the neighborhood
In hats and glasses, makin' funny passes
Like drivin' slowly, playin' low-key for asses
Knowin' damn well one-time will harass us
And all the while (While), we see girls jog (Jog)
Sheri's little car is pourin' out smog
Then we made a right and I spotted one in tights, ooh (Yo, baby, what's up? Pull over)

Do you live with your homeboys?
Yeah, I live with my homeboys
That's where you're takin' me, to your house where your homeboys are?
I mean, but they're not home
You ain't got your own crib?
Naw I ain't got
(5-0, man, 5-0)
Lights, action, without the camera
Sirens and high beams, two to a tee
The blue coat billy goats are crowdin' up my rear view
Hot on the tail of an innocent being
My heartbeat is racin' at a pace so fast
I'm wishin' that the coppers would get off my ass
My tail, can't go to jail 'cause it's wack
What would happen to my girl and my record contract?
Yo, fellas (What?), take off the baseball caps
Word up, I heard that the nerves get tapped
And throw on the glasses and give up the tees
Oh, please don't pull me over, officer, please
I'm discombobulated (What?), discombobulated (What?)
Discombobulated, malfunctionated, faded
F-A-D-E-D (Me too), I can't believe it's me
Oh, please, oh, please, oh, please, oh, please
Oh, please

Don't pull me over, Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over, Mr. Officer, please
Please don't pull me over, Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over, Mr. Officer, please
Please don't pull me over, Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over, Mr. Officer, please
Please don't pull me over, Mr. Officer
Don't pull me over, Mr. Officer, please
You don't have a license, you have a warrant
You have ninety parking tickets
We have to take you in, uh
Give me a break, shit, man, I didn't do nothin', man
Okay, so, so nobody has a license? Okay, uh
(How're you gonna accuse me of doin' something, dude?)
Yeah, you guys are definitely goin' to jail here
Okay, let's get that impound truck, uh, right over here, um
We're going to jail2Embed