46 ContributorsExtortion Lyrics
Yeah
Time to let these niggas know, son
Niggas don't even wanna motherfuckin' understand
Know what I'm sayin'? Time to hit 'em with the third degree
H-A-V-O-C, namedrop a G
Yo

Look into the eyes, true lies, your whole clique despise
Especially me, H-A-V-O-C
Don't want your chick 'cause she's burnin' third degree
Plus you snitchin', you ain't got no ties to me
I keep it strong, while you scream word is bond
Lyin' through your teeth, swearin' on your first born
Your word is weak, don’t hold no weight in this
Hit you up quick, strictly shit that I'm livin' in
You walk a line that's thin, you religious? Well, you sin
Fuckin' with the Mobb, Infamous to the end, Prodigy

I hold a nine Ruger, with an infa-spot disc
Red dot right at your face, so set sail or rock it
And kept drivin', pull off like the Indy 5G
In a four-time Ford truck with speed
Like the motion picture, this nigga gone with the wind
My crime work, ninja style shit was did
And got away with, escaped it, the jakes from tracin' (What?)
Anythin' that lead to the source, you know the boss
Of the Mobb killin', is like an unsolved mystery
Puzzlin', nobody knows, it's all history
Madness amongst me, I frequently have to get doubly
Never fails, it's always somethin'
No rest, daily, gotta rock my vest
I shoot at your best man, yeah, your MVP
He played the front line, got struck down immediately
I wave a Mobb Deep flag, you hear the sound as it slaps wind
Heavy load, my military hold ammunition
Far from animation, it's real live, you think not?
My crew, kings of New York who takin' your spot
I put the green light on your whole clique, Island shit
Runnin' through the whole house wildin', extortin' it
You might also like
Extortion (Give that up, yo)
Extortion (Give that up)

Extortion is the key, I got the key for extortion
Spend your fortune, dead your shorty like abortion
Take precaution, Infamous laws enforced in
You married to the Mobb, can't take it? Then divorce it
'Cause I ain't got no time for them domestic disputes
If you scared, get a dog, don't got a clique? Then recruit
You're weak, troop, lost battalion in the mist
On your name, I shit, take it like a man, you little bitch

I blaze your britches, P.L.O. extortion, you forcin'
The hand that rocks the cradle, caution before you enter
This Shaolin representer
Carry thirty-six deadly shits, you fuckin' with top contenders
Official to the bone gristle
It don't matter if you bust rhymes or bust pistols
Remember me? Burn a nigga to a third degree
Don't act familiar, motherfuckers, you ain't heard of me
Just peep the stee' and the rap how it's supposed to be
Tap the pockets, bag the goods like a grocery, we food shoppin'
On top of that we hip-hoppin', and don't stoppin'
Out-of-state drawers droppin', the panty raiders
Slide on ya like gators
Dug that stank bitch back out and then played her (Bitch)
But that ain't nothin'
Crossin' this dog walkin', native New Yorkin'
Shaolin' slang talkin', rap nigga
Mr. Freeze, crowd shiver, what?
Young, Black and don't give a fuck
If the next crew get the scissor
Extortion (Give me mine)
Extortion (Give me mine)
Give that up, kid, extortion
Bottom line, what the fuck you wanna do?
You eyin' me at the same time I'm eyin' you, punk
Wanna pop the most junk
Be the same motherfucker with the most lumps
Chew on that shit
Punk faggot (Word up)
Burn that ass like a book of matches
Yeah, that's just about it
Bitch-ass
Under pressure like fat bitches8Embed