98 ContributorsGoing Back To Cali Lyrics

Yo!
Yo Big, wake up, wake up baby
Mmm, yo...
Yo Big, wake yo' ass up c'mon
I'm up! I'm up. I'm up, I'm up
Big, wake up!
I'm up Diddy, what the fuck, man? What's up?
C'mon now it's a quarter to six we got the 7:30 flight
Mmm, (mumbling) yeah
Yo Big, Big, Big
I'm up, yeah I hear you dog, I hear you, alright, 7:30
Yo take down this information
Ain't no pen
Tell your girl then to remember it or somethin'. Can you do that?
Aight honey, yeah write this down
Aight, uhm, flight five-oh-four
Five-oh-four
Leaving Kennedy
Kennedy
Goin' to L-A-X
Whoa. Cali?
No doubt baby, you know we gotta get this paper
Ahh, no doubt, aight
You aight?
I'm up, I'm up
Yo Big
I'm up, man
Flight five-oh-four
Alright 7:30 I'ma meet you at the airport
California
Yeah
You might also like
Uhh, when the la-la hits ya lyrics just splits ya
Head so hard, that your hat can't fit you
Either I'm with ya or against ya
Format bent 'cha, back through that maze I sent ya
Talking to the rap inventor
Nigga with the game tight, fifth that flame right
Spell my name right, B-I, double-G, I-E
Iced out, lights out, me and Cease-A-Leo
Getting head from some chick he know
See it's all about the cheddar, nobody do it better
Going back to Cali, strictly for the weather
Women and the weed, sticky green
No seeds bitch please, Poppa ain't soft
Dead up in the hood, ain't no love lost
Got me mixed up, you drunk them licks up
Mad 'cause I got my dick sucked
And my balls licked, forfeit, the game is mine
I'ma spell my name one more time, check it
It's the, N-O, T-O, R-I, O
U-S, you just, lay down, slow
Recognize a real Don when you see one
Sipping on booze in the House of Blues

I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
If I got to choose a coast, I got to choose the East
I live out there, so don't go there
But that don't mean a nigga can't rest in the West
See some nice breast in the West
Smoke some nice sess in the West, y'all niggas is a mess
Thinking I'm gon stop, giving L.A props
All I got is beef with those that violate me
I shall annihilate thee
Case closed, suitcase filled with clothes
Linens and things, I begin things
Beeper start to flash, 818's, 213's
313's, B.I.G
Frequently floss hoes at Roscoe's
If I wanna squirt her, take her to Fatburger
Spend about a week on Venice Beach
Sippin Crist-o, with some freaks from Frisco

I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)

Cali got gunplay, models on the runway
Scream Biggie Biggie gimme One More Chance
I be whipping on the freeway, the NYC way
On the celly-celly with my homeboy Lance
Pass hash from left to right
Only got five blunts left to light, I'm set tonight
Met a bitch at the Versace store
Said she suck it 'til I ain't got no more, only in L.A
Bust on bitches be-lly, rub it in they tummy
Lick it, say it's yummy, then fuck your man
What's your plan, is it to rock the Tri-State?
Almost gold, five Gs a show date
Or do you wanna see about seven digits?
Fuck hoes exquisite, Cali, great place to visit
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)29Embed