2 ContributorsThe Revolution Rocks On Lyrics
All my people...

Do you know what it means to have a revolution?
And what it takes to make a solution?
Still fighting against oppression
We're battling our depression

Now we was raised in these streets on pork and poison meat
Now I recognize the beast, bare the mark of the gold teeth
Puff on the rolled leaf and bust on these police
While y'all playas are fakin bacon we cook the whole beef
I put it down plain, I stimulate that left and right brain, baby
Cell by cell and frame by frame
Names, dates, it's all immaterial:
We big dicks sick rhyme killer like cereal
I burn like venereal
Spit that imperial wizardry that climbs right through the circuitry
Choke your team for they cream, but that's as far as we go
Drop shit like seagulls and smash your little ego
I get visions like Stevie and Coleco
Give me 2000 live people
One late show and no sequel
Ain't no equal in the flesh
I been through more evil than men do
Nasty off the head and with the pen too!
You might also like
Now I'm pissed
Easy to rhyme on tracks like this
The more things change
The more they remain the same
These games, them vidiots
Playin on the brink of insane
Must be a hockey rink
Lost up in they drink
In pursuit of plain Jane, I think man
They think a revolution be pretty in pink, man
Now in these new tracks
Some of these cats don't know how to act
All them criminal acts ain't got nothin to do with rap;
One hand cuffed behind them backs in black
Quiet Riot, y'all can't hear one hand clap
Revolution is more than what you hear and what you see:
The mass reintroduction of society to society
Together we got 100 years of sobriety
These clones who be flippin like new phones be surprisin me
Turned out, they just happy to be in the house
So I call em out; you know I ain't no church mouse!
Love out
The revolution rocks on, the revolution rocks on

I master rap
Write a 16 and half of that
Then eat some mixed greens after that
My rap's niggerish black like licorish
While wack rappers gettin rich off some jibberish
The hood's begging for deliverance G
I'm just a hood figure to deliver this
L Y should get into the "Sy,"
I'm thinking me and P.E. should have passed it on
Society's the menace
He's got more love than tennis
On the road to riches
Cause revolution's expensive
Finance whips, finance clips
Spread our chips in the ghetto
Raising rebels with some fine ass tits
No champagne campaign, no ice on my wrist
While bred's dipp'n on feds, sipp'n on Criss
Out of my mind Ethiopian wine on my lips
Still ain't signed, the master mind
The master's mine. Hey!
Do you know what it means to have a revolution?
And what it takes to make a solution?
Still fighting against oppression
We're battling our depression

Back in your dome, where the rebels roam

The greatest weapon in the hands of the oppressor is the mind of the oppressedEmbed