94 ContributorsOpen Mic Lyrics

Hey yo, what's up, man?
Hey yo, you been here all day, man
Y'all been here every weekend, man
I don't ever get a chance to rap first, man!
That's 'cause you wack!
What?!? I ain't wack, nigga, I got some raps for all y'all
Nigga, my raps fresh, I'ma bust my raps first
You can bust yours after me if you want to
No, no, man, I'm goin' first
I'm gettin' tired of everybody wantin' to go first, man
You always rap first, I'm rappin'
I don't care what none of y'all say; I'm fresh, I'm fresh

Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out, man, I wanna know!
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(I wanna know, wanna know)
I said, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out, bitch, I wanna know!
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(I wanna know, wanna know)
You might also like
I'll have you taken back to Christ when you're sacrificed
The way you're hacked and sliced
When I fill your back with knives
Jackin' life's of MC's, now I'm set to launch a plan
For blowin' up the stage with illegal contraband
I stomped your man, so unless you want what he got
You better set the mic down, I'm steamin' like a teapot
I make the D hot, people get in my face and ask
If I wanna battle, then I chase them in a Jason mask
It's an amazin' task to battle with success
I never gave a fuck, now I give a fuck less
And win a slug fest, I get physical like physicians
Invisible like magicians with mystical mic traditions
Wicked wizardry like a sorcerer, no remorse for ya
When I torture ya throughout the course of my orchestra
So feel the force of my spiritual images
Slicin' up an enemy's appendages 'til he hemorrhages
My skin itches every time a rapper recites
And when he's through with his verse, I'm all covered in flea bites
You wanna see fights, I got a match for ya
You couldn't flip shit playin' in toilets with a spatula

Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out, man, I wanna know!
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(I wanna know, wanna know)
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out, bitch, I wanna know!
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(I wanna know, wanna know)
You bitches get a hysterectomy disrespectin' me
You wanna feel the full effect of me, hand a TEC to me
Intellectually superior, I'll make the whack wearier
Inferior deteriorate like bacteria
Materially, killin' serially, clearly you'll see
How much in fear when you hear me you'll be
Shiver and shake, quiver and quake
Bite a rhyme and feel your jaw get stiffer and ache
Wither and break, you slitherin' snake
Gibberin' fake, fibber and flake
I'll twist you in a different shape
And toss you in Michigan Lake for fisherman's sake
If this is a dream, you wish you can wake every diss you can take
Personal, we ain't friends tryin' to make amends
If you ain't ever stole a gate, you can take offense
I make intense masterpieces
And smash to pieces your last releases
You pass diseases, that's the reason
I'm showin' you the proper way to
Operate a mic, so pass it like a hot potato
I've never been less than clever and fresh
Severin' flesh of fools who never impressed ever infest

Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Point him out, man, I wanna know!
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
(I wanna know, wanna know)
Ayo, who the fuck passed you the mic, man, and said that you can flow?
Point him out, bitch, I wanna know!
Who the fuck passed you the mic and then said that you can flow?
(I wanna know, wanna know)
Whoooo the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?!
Point him out! I wanna know
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
I wanna know, wanna know
(Ayo, let me get that mic, man!)
Who the fuck passed you the mic and said that you can flow?
Who the fuck passed you the mic?!
Who the fuck passed you the mic, man?!
(I got the rhymes, bitch, I'll kick that shit!)26Embed