59 ContributorsMaxine Lyrics

Maxine!
Hello
Can I speak to Maxine?
Yeah, this is me, what's up?
What up?
Who dis?
Denaun
Yeah, what's up?
What are you doing?
Nothing, just laying in bed
Huh?
Nothing, just laying in bed
Why?
I don't know, thinking about something freaky to do

I know this crack fiend Maxine who needs a vaccine
She tests positive but tells you that her act's clean
Plus she got a sugar daddy
Gassin' every hooker that he takes in to crook her badly
If you mistook her, sadly, on her reputation
You're in jeopardation, if you ain't got no preparation
When you stepped away, son, she got her face done
Lookin' provocative, she'll let you knock it if
You press the issue, and get undressed to kiss you
If you match the price, otherwise she won't look at you twice
But when you catch the lice, or get the urgency
To go to the emergency 'cause it burns to pee
Don't bring your germs to me, 'cause I ain't tryna hear it
While you're fightin' your fuckin' disease tryna clear it
You might also like
Sometimes I wonder, what's your purpose in life?
That is to get with every brother
And unveil one of his kids
Shit, you livin' trife
Got three kids at home, and club-hoppin' every night
You say it's gonna stop
But it just… slows… down…
And then speeds back to a regular pace
There is no end to this
Mystery, whatever your reason even is to be
You say you wanna be with me, but how can you say that
When you got niggas hidin' in your closet?
I refrain from gettin' angry
But you keep on actin' strangely

I met this girl last week
She was a freak, and she liked me
So I stepped on it and then asked my homies
And chilled on the side and then watched they niggas
Big game over there and take notes, while I get this number
I stepped to her, first I cleared my throat
And said: "Hey, bitch, haven't I seen you before?"
Looked at my nigga, turned around and got slapped
Threw out my hands, and said: "Oh, it's like that?"
She said she just broke up with her nigga and shit
She started cryin', and asked me to forgive her and shit
She said her name was Maxine (Maxine!)
So I told her I wanted her number
She asked could I give her mine too
Got to the crib and called her up
We got into a good conversation
That's when she asked me could I fuck
I said: "Maxine, check this out
Give me your address, I'll be through, and you'll find out"
Got to the crib, she let me in
She didn't waste time, she grabbed my hand
And proceeded to the bedroom
I said, "Hold up, and stop proceedin', you rushin' things!
What the fuck are you doin'?!"
So I went for my protection
Took off my clothes and started flexin'
As she went for my midsection
I threw her down as I tore off her shirt
Pulled out my jimmy and I thought about puttin' in work
Before I hit it she said: "3, don't get mad
But there's somethin' that I gotta tell your ass"
I said, "What is it? Another nigga? It's okay"
She said: "No, I forgot to tell you
That I got AIDS, I got a problem."
Hey, Maxine
What?
You thinkin' about suckin' my dick?
Yeah, for a small price
For a small price? What you mean?
You know, money, nigga
You don't need no damn money; I can't give you no money anyways, I heard you got some shit
What you, what you hear I got?
AIDS
Who told you that bullshit?
My nigga Kyu, he wouldn't lie
Well, if that's the case, Kyu got it then
Oh, for real, it's like that?
Well, I ain't got shit, so he ain't got shit
And if he do, he ain't get that shit from me
I ain't fuckin' around with no third, nigga
Fuck that, I ain't fuckin' with you
No, see…
You got that shit, I ain't gotta fuck with you
Hold on, why it ain't even like that
I want y'all to get paid, fuckin'5Embed