10 ContributorsCowards and Soldiers LyricsMy trap house like Morehouse it got niggas all around it
Yoo trap like a whore house probly in there cooking brownies
Spellman, Spellman, ain't nothing you can tell them
My goons trained to go but you squad pussier then Spellman
We stomp u like the q dogs aka alpha kalpa
Gambling with a poolshark. Find yo body in Alpharetta
College Campus Kush Pack 3 blunts make the party start
Dont make me stop burning kush then start burning your body parts!
Zone 6 still ma alma mater im valedictorian
Girl just broke up with me said I fucked the whole sorority
Retarted all the time I was bumpin and choppin authority
Tell it to my Nine cause you bitch niggas be boring me!
Chorus
He's got made for teenagers scary ain't draw
But if you have the heart we can link up and have fun
They drink up all of the fuck in locker made bud
Cause these cowards dats a thousand and soldiers they die as one
You know it's what these bitches in Atlanta keep goin
Don't keep up the security of the key blunt no glory for the team with scarce money and no guns
Cause a coward dats a thousand a soldiers die as one
I empty out the clip believe me that's not a myth
I murk you on the scrifin one question I plead the fifth
Your kush pack and my cocaine whiter than Taylor swift
And they taylor make my bread and dine collar costs me a grip
I'm cleaner than a whistle black diamonds matchin my pistols
So beefin with me nigga best keep yo head on a swivel
Quarter ticket every week and you dig it that's how I kick it
So you can leave the money and you can have all the bitches
Pardon my apology now rappers theys not as hard as me
Avoiding me that's obviously cause they know they just frosted me
I brought to me you softer than Charmin that's not hard to see
I own the street every beat that I speak of my fans applauded me
You might also like
I'm back in the maybach I'm blowin Kush in the back
Eight thousand dollars for the set time to roll me another vette
Tha police pull me over they think of they catch a trap
Don't know it's only for the personal uses, what's up with that?
My rist and kicks so rocksy I'm choppin yo game with terrince BURR. I'm worn in 6 impark talkin cockin thank to me parents BURR. You strippers seen ten k worth of singles they squeezin they nipples. I tempt one till she swivals dat bitch says u a cripple. I keep word to a minimal now rappers they wanna hush. I gotta say too much cause my jewelry can say enough BURR. I'm keep um that why you niggas ain't keep enough. You say u poppin deep dish yo pockets ain't deep enough
Chorus
He's got made for teenagers scary ain't draw. But if you have the heart we can link up and have fun. They drink up all of the fuck in locker made bud. Cause these cowards dats a thousand and soldiers they die as one. You know it's what these bitches in Atlanta keep goin don't keep up the security of the key blunt no glory for the team with scarce money and no guns cause a coward dats a thousand a soldiers die as oneEmbed