37 ContributorsLatin Lingo Lyrics
Bag! Let's start the fuckin' show, ah?!

Freak to the funk that no one else is bringin'! (Yeah!)
Sen Dog with the funky biling-in'
Yeah, that's the nombre, heard that homey
Peace to Mellow and Frost en el deporte!
Sen Dog is not a kid, a veterano
I'm down! Another proud hispano
One of the many of the Latin de éste año
And I got plenty for the Jennies tryin' to hound, yo
But wait! They're clownin' on me 'cause of my language
I have to tell 'em straight up — it's called Spanglish!
Now, who's on the pinga? The gringo
Tryin' to get paid, from the funky bilingual

Latin lingo, baby (Funky bilingual), funky bilingual
(Yeah, funky bilingual!)
Latin lingo, baby (Funky bilingual), funky bilingual
(It's the latin lingo!)

Cuando entro, when I come in, suckers frontin'!
Me mira — another bilingual from villa
Vengo como un ejemplo, check the tempo!
Ahhh...! Esta chingon el instrumento
Ya oiste, como somos
Yo no jodo, I gots the soul though!
And you can hear it, en las congas
Tribal ceremony as the Hill gets stronger!
Don't be such a leva, what you got for that cabeza?
Hey, homes! Pass the cerveza!
Before I have to go and push up on your esa
Mmmmm! She's fine, son que fresca
Here, homes, have a hit of this yesca
Teach you enseño, el leño lo prendo
Now you know that I am in the centro
Where you live, si tu puedes
Nowadays, you ain't shit without your cuetes!
Somethin' like it's gangbang, vatos quieren BANG BANG!
'Cause I hung out with 'em, now you callin' me a insane?
Salte de mi cara, sal de mi camino
Make way! (Yeah!) For the the funky bilingual
You might also like
Latin lingo, baby (Funky bilingual), funky bilingual
(Funky bilinguals, homes!)
Latin lingo, baby (The funky bilingual), funky bilingual
(It's the latin lingo, baby!)
Latin lingo, baby (Funky bilingual), funky bilingual
(Funky bilingual) (Lemme—lemme, yeah, wee!)
Some of that old Latin funk, ya know what I'm sayin'?

(What's up, homey? Don't you know me?) Simon
(Ain't you the brother of the Mas Pingon?)
Straight up! And I'm down with La Raza!
Kid Frost got my back (BOO-YAA!), en la casa
'Cause everyday, things get a little crazier
As I step to the microphone area
First, I claim my city — puro Los Angeles
(Yeah, you know, homes!) That's where the gangas is
Vatos waitin' on me, along with their heinas
Catchin' all the sweat for what I said to one-timer
So when you see me at the party or the baile
Before I got here, I was gaffled in the calle
Who's that gabacho who said I was borracho?
Had an attitude, why you tried to play me macho?!
Just relax — calmado, mijo
Sen Dog with the funky bilingual
Latin lingo, baby, funky bilingual (Funky bilingual) (Funky!)
Latin lingo, baby, funky bilingual (Funky bilingual) (Funky!)
Latin lingo, baby, funky bilingual (Funky biling's, baby) (Funky, baby!)

Yeah, I'd like to send peace to my homeboy B-Real (Hehehe!)
Mellow Man Ace, Kid Frost, (Yeah!) Ralph M the Mexican
And we're out!Embed