59 ContributorsBust Me Lyrics
I remember she said fuck me, now that girl wanna fuck me (Yeah)
Lambo' truck, I remember I used to be dusty (Woah)
Every month, I go to the jeweler, tell Elliot to flood me
Factory on my watch, make your aftermarket say, "Please tuck me"
Old nigga had that watch since 2001, that bitch got rusty
She took SEPTA to my block, she said, "Uzi, can you bus me?" (Yeah)
I was off a Perc', took so long, she started rush me (Yeah)
And when you got this type of money, you are never ugly (At all)

Woah, okay (Wait, where am I?)
(Bugz on the beat)

No, I do not trust 'em, no, I do not trust 'em (No)
She say that she love me, also say she love him (Woah)
Yeah, she must be geeked up, illegal substance
She is not a keeper, got her from my cousin
She was on my phone line (Yeah), steady bustin'
Now she wanna slow grind, she said I was nothin'
Hurt me with them closed eyes (Woah), know she salty (Let's go)
And I wear my clothes tight like I'm David Ruffin
Handcuffed, that's a no-no, you can't cuff me (Yeah)
I can't do no one-on-one, I'm not with no stuck shit (No, no, no)
You might also like
I won't lose, you can't win
I want you, but who's your friend? Ayy (Ayy)
Three hundred for a two-door Benz (Skrrt)
Three hundred for a two-door Benz, yeah
Three hundred for a two-door Benz (Skrrt)
Three hundred for a two-door Benz (Vroom)
Three hundred for a two-door Benz
I want you, but who's your friend? Ayy

They know that I'm the shit, let me sit, please don't flush me
These niggas want me to slip, want me to trip, they wanna hurt me
But I'm ridin' 'round with some shit, it got a stick, it got a front piece
I was with my Irish bitch, she said, "Uzi, you so lucky," yeah

I won't lose, you can't win (Yeah)
I want you, but who's your friend? Ayy
Three hundred for a two-door Benz (Yeah)
Three hundred for a two-door Benz, yeah

One, two, three, four of your friends
She said, "Uzi, can you pay my rent?"
Save your money, bitch, that's money well spent
Cartiers, I can't see you through the tint
I remember she said fuck me, now that girl wanna fuck me (Yeah)
Lambo' truck, I remember I used to be dusty (Woah)
Every month, I go to the jeweler, tell Elliot to flood me
Factory on my watch, make your aftermarket say, "Please tuck me"
Old nigga had that watch since 2001, that bitch got rusty
She took SEPTA to my block, she said, "Uzi, can you bus me?" (Yeah)
I was off a Perc', took so long, she started rush me (Yeah)
And when you got this type of money, you are never ugly (At all)

What the fuck? Wait, what?
Wait, what?
Yo? Yo?
Where are they going? Wait
Wait, so
You gotta hit that button right there
(You are now leaving EA, the dark world)19Embed