88 ContributorsGivenchy Lyrics
That Rich Gang lifestyle (Lifestyle)
Marble floors, gold toilets and chandeliers (You underdig?)
Big money, nigga
Take the jet
L.A., hit the bity
Boolin' in the bondo with a few bitches
And they go to trippin' (And they go to trippin')
Drankin' that GTV, that tequila
Smokin' them stunna blunts (The big dogs)
Nigga, we never hungover (Never, boy)
Poppin' bigger numbers with my niggas
Straight B's only (Straight B's only)
Shout out to my love, my blood, my team, my gang, my family
Nigga, you know what we bleed (You know what we bleed)
404, 305-04 (Uptown)
What's poppin', nigga?
B-House of Dank, put it in the air
This that YSL, Rich Gang, RHQ, YMCMB shit (You heard?)
Big B's with a few C's (Few C's)
PeeWee, what's poppin', nigga?
Bankroll Mafia
Hot Beezle, what's brackin', nigga?
The pussy out of line, the pussy get they head bust (Get they head bust)
Ha, you dig?
B-Loc and Bentley, y'all know the business
It's B-Slime or G5, blatt
Rest in peace Tamara and Miss Gladys, boy
Oh (Rich Gang), ayy
Oh (Rich girl)

(Ayy) Givenchy my toes and my bros and my hoes
(What, Givenchy, Givenchy)
Givenchy my toes and my bros and my hoes
For sure, for sure (Givenchy)
Givenchy my toes and my bros and my hoes
For sure, for sure (Givenchy)
Givenchy my toes and my bros and my hoes
And that is for sure, it's for sure (For sure)

Tell a nigga, would you ride for a nigga, baby? (Yeah)
Would you die for a nigga, baby? Hey (Would ya?)
Baby girl, would you cry for your nigga, baby?
Would you cry for your nigga, baby?
Ayy (Ayy), baby girl, what you know, what you know 'bout that?
What you know 'bout that? You don’t know nothin' (Uh-uh)
Baby girl, what you know 'bout that, 'bout that?
What you know 'bout that? You don't know nothin'

She don't know it, she don't know it (Ayy)
Work on her any day or later, ayy (Woo)
Eat her candy, Now-and-Later, wait (Wait)
I ain't through, baby, buy her acres (Rich Gang)
(Racks, racks) Almost done
Let me put somethin' inside her stomach (Whoa)
Let me put some right up under your lungs (Rich gang)
Baby, I just wanna hit like Barry Bonds (Was)
I know all you wanna do is have fun (Have fun)
I put my heart inside your pocket, you can't break it (Woo)
I told you I love you to death, never dissed you, not once (Ayy)
You my twin, yeah, you my twin, baby, let's stay together (Stay)
You know you can never ditch me, baby, you know better (Ayy)
You know I look at you like gold, you my future trophy (Woo)
She know she got my heart, she say, "Do it," I jump like toads and (Do it)
Drugs don't stop, you know I can't stop, wait
Baby, don't press charges, she know that I'm on the block (Woo)
When she pull up, she can't go back, she gon' stop (No)
She ain't know what time it was 'til I bought her first clock (Rolex)
Spend a thousand on a flock, no Wak' (Wak')
And you know I'm comin' back like them boys, no Shop (Yeah)
Loadin' up a Glock
Take shots, I got J's on a flavor-flavor watch (Rich Gang)
Billidybop, pull up, shootin' them buckshots (Top-notch)
Then they watch me like a fuckin' cable box
Bitches wanna fuck me and they also want my top (Yes)
Mama told me never give tops outside the shop (No way)
Pull up on your girl, I'm lurkin' like a cop
Pussy nigga play, I beat them like I box (Hey)
I'm the president, baby, blacker Barack ('Rack)
Thirties on the Chevy, my nigga, plus it's a box (Go)
You should know me and sharp shooters sponsored by Fox
Split that money up in eight ways like I'm a octopus (Ayy)
On the campus with lots of pounds, kicked out of college (What)
All I bleed is red, my nigga, but I'm not stoppin' shit (Red light)
Pull up to the set and I come and pay all my homage (Hey)
Hoppin' out on Bleveland, I pour up straight out the pharmacy (Hey)
Pussy nigga scared to say it, I got 'em hummin' shit (Err)
Lil' bitch, you know I'm really thuggin' like Bones-N-Harmony (Rich Gang)
I can never (Be you)
I'm a animal, you know I got stamina
If a nigga ever got robbed, bitch, I'm the manager (Ayy)
And I got an African with weed over on Campbelton (Ayy)
Lil' mama, don't go, keep it stompin', I want that cameltoe (Ayy)
Pull up to the set with them sticks and have us an ammo show
Lead through the front door with that Tec, it's out the back door
Bags in this bitch, so many bags, like, "Where the racks go?" (Woo)
You might also like
Givenchy my toes and my bros and my hoes (Rich girl)
For real (Givenchy)
Don't act like you don't know when you know that you know
For real (Givenchy)
Even when I'm laying down, baby, I'm keepin' it tucked
For real (Ba-ka-ka)
Swear to God, when you play with just one of these bucks
You get killed

Baby girl, would you ride for your nigga?
Would you ride for your nigga?
Would you die for a nigga? Hey (Would you?)
Baby girl, would you cry for your nigga?
Would you die for your nigga?
Would you ride for your nigga? Hey (Would you?)
Baby girl, what you know, what you know 'bout that?
What you know 'bout th-that? You don’t know nothin'
Baby girl, what you know, what you know 'bout that?
What you know 'bout that? What you know 'bout tha—
(Rich Gang)59Embed