49 ContributorsIll Mind of Hopsin Lyrics
Who am I? Why am I even here, man?
Okay, let's take a trip through my mind and see what we find. Yeah. Okay. Yo.

In high school, Marcus wasn't a helpful student
He dropped out 'cause teachers would never help him through it
And if I don't save this rap game who else would do it?
This is my motherfucking world, welcome to it
If you thinking that Hop's wack, then you is hating
And what the fuck do my contacts have to do with Satan?
I want a bitch with a bomb ass and some lubrication
A loverboy, you see I'm that but I'm rude and blatant
Now you listen here: I started a movement this year
I will fuck you up if you interfere
You been a queer your whole fucking life and I'll kick you into gear
You trying to prove you a lunatic? Ooh, I'm oozing in fear!
You on some sloppy-clown bitch shit: I'll rip your head off
Poke a stick through it, then beat the rest of your body down with it
I start violence, cops come with the loud sirens
Now I have to hop a barbed wire fence
They find me in the broke down car I had been hiding in
Homicide is now the charge I'm against
Walk up to the jail cell with the guard I am with
He pushes me in and then the bar slide and sit
This new age of rappers, all they wanna do is floss, why?
Swearing they're the boss guy, thinking that they're all fly
You, Lil' Wayne, Soulja Boy, this Asher Roth guy
Normally I would mind, but this time I've lost mine
Who the hell is he? The biggest hater that you'll ever meet
White contacts, so you motherfuckers remember me
Lyrics put together so cleverly, you will never be
On my level, I chop all of you rappers to celery
Fake thugs rap like: "I'll let the Glock spit at you
Just got out the pen' 'cause I move how real niggas move"
No, don't lie, 'cause it hurts when you get the truth
You got out the pen' and wrote a verse with it, didn't you?
Fuck life, you can't tell me nothing
I'll shove a knife in your back and leave it poking out through your belly-button
Sir, your daughter wasn't that reluctant
You see this 8-inch dick bulging out of my pants? Well, she sucked it
I went to Wal-Mart with a Visa card, bought your wife a leotard
And made her try it on to get my penis hard
I'm pissed enough, I can never find a bitch to fuck
I beat my dick a lot, that's why only my right wrist is buff
I go dumb off of two packs of Now and Laters
Then fight niggas like I was the black Power Ranger
Head to the lake then wrestle a couple alligators
Then run through the woods butt-naked; so what, pal? It's nature
Why the fuck would I collab witchu?
Yeah, you're good friends with Marcus but Hopsin don't wanna rap witchu!
You're full of shit like some ass-tissue
And you're a bitch when you go to studios you bring your dad with you
No! Unacceptable, now watch me wreck a flow
Niggas be hating 'cause I'm balling just like my testicles
Word is bond, the way I'm on this mic and serving bombs
I might as well have an Osama bin Laden turban on
You might also like
Fuck, yes
Yes, fuck yes, fuck yes
Fuck yes, man, I'm out21Embed