15 ContributorsReady Player Two Lyrics
Yeah!
Let that shit breathe, 6ix!
My mans just got that pub deal!
A-Hey!

This is dedicated to Dion
That's what the fuck we on
Who knew when you signed me that I would become a phenom?
Fuck rap
This is deeper than that
This is 'bout us as a people, now who fuckin' with that?
I'm on my Uma Thurman, I murk them
Then burn 'em, take they asses and churn 'em
I'm learning every day, uh

Tell me who you know sing ballads like young Freddie?
Tell me who you know the greatest rapper alive?
Tell me who you know that been down to get ready?
That's Lil' Bobby been rappin' since '95

All I ever needed was some confidence
I sold a couple million records, now they fuckin' with this
I said all I ever wanted was a place to be loved
But they wasn't fucking with me so I rose up above
Did it without they approval, I put it all on the line
No investors gave me they money, so I spent all of mine
Invested all in myself, sacrificed mental health
Pushed myself to the brink of insanity just for wealth
Yeah, that wealth was success, don't mean shit when you depressed
But they don't fuck with that in rap, so we keep that suppressed
And bitch I'm right back better than ever before
Emptied my bank account and paid for the Under Pressure Tour, shit
Only had 700 dollars
Dropped that Everybody album, now my bank account in triple commas
Believed in myself when they wouldn't
Fuck them and they drama
And bitch, I been at it, damn right, I'm an addict
Now I can't fuck with the static of this bullshit, I done had it, I said
Bitches want a man with money, so if I make it in this rap shit, they can't take it from me
That's the mentality that leads to fatality
My reality is on some Kill Bill shit, you know I'm saying?
I'm never playing, like
You might also like
Tell me who you know sing ballads like young Freddie?
Tell me who you know the greatest rapper alive?
Tell me who you know dat been down to get ready?
Tell me who you know sing ballads like young Freddie?
Tell me who you know the greatest rapper alive?
Tell me who you know dat been down to get ready?
That's Lil' Bobby been rappin' since '95Embed