70 ContributorsNo Auto Lyrics
(DY Krazy)
(KidWond3r, you made this beat?)
Oh, you scared, huh? Oh, you pussy? (Oh, you pussy?)
Oh, you scared, huh? Oh, you pussy?

Ayy, DY, this like a Wayne beat
Gotta watch that side block, hit up that main street
You can't beef while we into it, lil' nigga, you can't eat
They killed your mans, now you be claimin' that you can't sleep
That trigger finger fast like Floyd, but punch like AB
He use tune and dyed his dreads, that pussy ain't me, yeah
That Glock go bang, but it ain't Keef
He got shot and made a statement, man, he ain't street
You ain't never shot shit, put that gun down
You ain't wake up out your sleep to no gun sounds
Your OG entertain your gossip, look at your son now, yeah
Too many pills give me chills, yeah
Just 'cause you family, ain't no deals, yeah
She used to punch in flights to come to the A and give me head
I told her bring the pounds before she come, she say she scared
Ain't tell her 'bout no county, she get caught, she goin' fed

Oh, you scared, huh? Oh, you pussy? (Woah, yeah)
Oh, you scared, huh? Oh, you pussy?
You might also like
He end up dead, huh? 'Cause he a rookie
We make bread, yeah, off the bookies
Did a drive-by in a Range Jeep
Pull up on an opp's block in the same week
Boy, you broke and you fuckin' on the same freak
They saw me go from broke to rich, that's why they angry
I be runnin' this rap shit in the same cleats
I'll knock a nigga down like I'm the same size as Dave East
Oh, oh, you lit, huh? Oh, you turnt, huh?
That thotiana you fuck with, she got you burnt, huh? (Ew)
I'm off a Perc', huh, drinkin' lean, gotta burp, huh (Woah)
Oh, you geeked up? That's your turnt now
Nine times out of ten, she tryna set you up
Cut the sprinklers on before them boys try wet you up
My homie only twenty-four, he got a Bentley truck

Oh, you scared, huh? Oh, you pussy?
Oh, you scared, huh? Oh, you pussy?
Oh, you scared, huh? Oh, you pussy?
Oh, you scared, huh? Oh, you pussy?
Oh, you scared, huh? Oh, you pussy?
(Can you move those ones over a little bit?)
(Like, they kinda sound fast, nigga)
Oh, you scared, huh? Oh, you pussy?12Embed