104 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolРусскийTürkçe44 BullDog Lyrics
Uh, haha
Brodie gon' what?
Brodie gon' woo
Brodie gon' what?
Brodie gon' woo
Brodie gon' grrt that, grrt that
Brodie gon' brrt that, brrt that
Brodie gon' what?
Brodie gon' woo
Brodie gon' what?
Brodie gon' woo
Brodie gon' brrt that, brrt that
Brodie gon' grrt that, grrt that
Brodie  gon' what?
Brodie gon' woo
Brodie gon' what?
Brodie gon' woo (Grrt)
Brodie gon'

.44 Bulldog, make 'em get back (Bah)
I ain't with the talk or the chit chat (Uh-huh)
All you hatin' ass niggas better sit back (Boom)
Or you gon' be the next one to get they shit snatched (Boom, boom)
Free Melly Gz out the cage, he was buckin' (Grrt)
I kicked her out 'cause I'm allergic to the cuffin' (Uh)
And I ain't with the talk or discussions (Nah)
Know some niggas that'll shoot you for nothin' (Grrt)
You might also like
I call Dread, that's the new Tom Brady (Swish)
Niggas gettin' no bread 'cause they lazy (Lazy, boom)
Let me tell ya why the opp niggas hate me (Why they hate? Brrt)
'Cause all the opp niggas know I be flexin' (Flexin', brrt)
And I did fifteen on my check-ins (Uh)
And it's big Louboutin when I'm steppin' (Steppin')
And it's big .38 for the weapon (Grrt)
Or I call J.R. with the Wesson (Grrt-bah, grrt)
They call Trav, call me like Falayo (Falayo)
Niggas know you got the Apes on the payroll (Falayo)
Niggas slide through ya block with a Draco (Bah)
Nigga nun, do a move if I say no (Nah)
Dunk on that nigga, Tatum (Woo, bah)
All of y'all niggas, dayroom (Uh-huh)
Stay with the Zoes, Haitians (Woo, grrt-bah)
823, sanctioned (Okay)

.44 Bulldog, make 'em get back (Bah, grrt)
I ain't with the talk or the chit chat (Brrt)
All you hatin' ass niggas better sit back (Sit back)
Or you gon' be the next one to get they shit snatched (Fuck is you talkin' 'bout?)
Free Melly Gz out the cage, he was buckin' (Uh-huh)
I kicked her out 'cause I'm allergic to the cuffin' (Bah)
And I ain't with the talk or discussions (Uh-huh)
Know some niggas that'll shoot you for nothin' (Grrt)
Sun out (Boom), gun out (Boom)
Run down, what now? (Bah)
Flossy, the jungle the playground (Bah)
Back out the chop, we gon' spray rounds (Bah)
Big Fendi bag, no Sprayground (Boom)
Aim for your head, we don't spray ground (Uh-huh)
Everybody know that I'm GG (Uh)
I'm still in the hood, smokin' headlight (Brrt)
Do you know the '09 to the 2T? (Bah)
Posted in the Floss, they be wildin' (Bah)
Brodie got locked for the hammer (Woo)
Free Rocket off the island (Boom)
'09 to the Glock like dem wayz (Dem wayz)
And I keep a chop like sensei (Uh)
Niggas move hot, I ain't say nothin' (Bah)
'Cause I'ma lay low 'til that day come (Woo)

.44 Bulldog, make 'em get back (Get back)
I ain't with the talk or the chit chat (Bah)
All you hatin' ass niggas better sit back (Bah)
Or you gon' be the next one to get they shit snatched (Grrt)
Free Melly Gz out the cage, he was buckin' (Bah)
I kicked her out 'cause I'm allergic to the cuffin' (Boom)
And I ain't with the talk or discussions (Uh-huh)
Know some niggas that'll shoot you for nothin' (Look, woo)27Embed