249 ContributorsCold Wind Blows Lyrics
'Cause some things just don't change
It's better when they stay the same
Although the whole world knows your name
So on a biggest stage, they
Came to see you spit your game, ho-woah
But it shouldn't be difficult to explain
Just why you came back again
You hate the fame, love the game
Cold as ice, you remain
Fuck 'em all, tell 'em all, “Eat shit!”
Here we go again

Oh! (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum-du-dum) (Yeah, yup, yeah)
God damn! (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum-du-du)
Is it that time again already? (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum-du-dum)
Haha (Okay, okay) (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum-du-du)
Y'all don't look too happy to see me (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum-du-dum)
Fuck, man (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum-du-du)
Don't everybody welcome me back at once (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum-du-dum)
Alright, fuck you all then (Dum, du-du-du-dum, dum)

You can get the dick, just call me the ballsack, I'm nuts
Michael Vick in this bitch, dog—fall back, you mutts
Fuck your worms, you've never seen such a sick puppy
Fuck it, a sick duck, I want my duck sicked, mummy
And my nuts licked, gobble 'em up, trick, yummy
Bitch, you don't fuckin' think, I know that you suck dick, dummy?
You'll get your butt kicked, fuck all that love shit, honey
Yeah, I laugh, when I call you a slut, it's funny
Shorty, dance while I diss you to the beat, fuck the words
You don't listen to 'em anyway, yeah, struck a nerve, sucker
Muh'fucker, might as well let my lips pucker
Like Elton John, 'cause I'm just a mean cocksucker
The shit is on 'cause you went and pissed me off, now I'm shittin' and pissin' on
Everybody, give a fuck if it's right or wrong
So puff the Buddha, light a bong
But take a look at Mariah next time I inspire you to write a song
Come on
You might also like
Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh, oh
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
When it snows and it's twenty below
Ask me why, man, I just don't know
Know-know-know, know-know, know
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
Bl-Bl-Blows, blow-blow, blows; oh, oh-oh

Fuck it, I'm a loose cannon
Bruce Banner's back in the booth
Y'all are sittin' ducks, I'm the only goose standin'
I'll set the world on fire, piss on it, put it out
Stick my dick in a circle, but I'm not fuckin' around
Motherfucker, I'll show you pussy-footin'
I'll kick a bitch in the cunt
'Til it makes a queef and sounds like a fuckin' whoopee cushion
Who the fuck is you pushin'?
You must've mistook me for some sissy soft punk
Lookin' for some nookie or bosom
Go ahead, fuckin' hater, push me
I told you ain't no fuckin' way to shush me
Call me a faggot 'cause I hate a pussy
Man the fuck up, sissy, G's up
All you gardeners freeze up—
Put your hoes down, "Shady, ease up!
Man, chill!" Nah, I can't, goddamn it, rap is a landfill
Drop the anvil, these are shoes that you can't fill
Shit, the day that happens the world will stop spinnin'
And Michael J. Fox'll come to a standstill (Woo!)
During an earthquake, urine in your face 'cause you're fake
*Lightning strike* Ow! What the fuck? That hurt, wait
*Lightning strike* Ow! What the fuck? I just got struck by lightnin'
Alright then, I quit, God, I give up
Call it evil that men do
Lord, forgive me, for what my pen do
"This is for your sins, I cleanse you
You can repent, but I warn you, if you continue
To Hell, I send you"
And just then the wind blew, and I said—
Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh, oh
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
When it snows and it's twenty below
Ask me why, man, I just don't know
Know-know-know, know-know, know
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
Bl-bl-blows, blow-blow, blows; oh, oh-oh-oh, oh

How long will I be this way? Shady until my dyin' day
'Til I hang up the mic and it's time for me to say
“So long,” 'til then I'll drop the fuckin' bombs
Like I missed the pass, when I went long
If you don't like it, you can kiss my ass in a lint thong
Now sing along, “Slut this, slut that,” learn the words to the song
“Oh, bitches don't like that”, homie, I'll be nicer to women
When Aquaman drowns, and the Human Torch starts swimmin'
Man, I'm a cold soul, I roll solo, so don't compare
Me to them other bums over there
It's like apples to oranges, peaches to plums, yeah
I'm bananas, pussy, cut off the grapes and grow a pair
But I swear, you try to diss me, I'll slaughter you
I put that on everything, like everyone does with Auto-Tune
The last thing you want to do
Is have me spit out a rhyme, and say, “I was writing this and I thought of you”
So—
Oh, oh-oh-oh, oh-oh, oh
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
When it snows and it's twenty below
Ask me why, man, I just don't know
Know-know-know, know-know, know
I'm as cold as the cold wind blows
Bl-bl-blows, blow-blow, blows; oh, oh-oh-oh, oh

I don't know, I don't know what caused
I don't know what caused me to be this way
I don't know, I don't know
But I'll prob'ly be this way 'til my dyin' day
I don't know why I'm so, I'm so cold
Mean things I don't mean to say
I guess, this is how you made me117Embed