63 ContributorsJimmy Crack Corn Lyrics
Man! Let's go
Hey yo, Fif'!
Yeah?
Call 'em and tell 'em...
It's time to hate us again
We're back!
Haha!

Jimmy can crack corn, but I don't care
My enemies crack corn, but I don't care
You can be Black, white, or albino, yeah
You can have cornrows inside your hair
I give a fuck if I don't like your stare
This bottle of wine goes upside your head
A little bit psycho, but I know that
Think you just don't say it and I won't say it
See, if you don't brag, then I don't brag
I know I'm bad as long as I know I'm bad
I don't need y'all to co-sign no shit
You can just keep makin' them tired old threats
A little bit like "The Boy Who Cried Wolf," yeah
See me, but don't dare to try no shit
'Cause you know that somewhere inside those layers
The rattlesnake's right there to bite your ass
And I can be so quiet and strike so fast
Like lightning bolts, right out the sky, go bad
From out of nowhere, you might just find your career
Come to an (Eek!) and I'm just like (Oh, yeah!)
You might also like
See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh, yeah!)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh, yeah!)
See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh, yeah!)
So Jimmy's can crack corn, but I don't care
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh, yeah!)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em!)
And where is D12 at, they're like (We over here!)
And where the fuck we goin', we're like (Nowhere!)

You jealous little fucks beg for my attention, but
I done told you once, I'm not the kind of attention you want
If I tell you twice, then I won't be so nice
If you keep coming back, that only means you know you lost the fight
They wanna talk shit, let 'em talk shit, 'cause they talk shit (Yeah)
Knowin' deep down, they really just wanna squash it
'Cause no one wants to walk around, steppin' in dog shit
And get doo-doo on the shoe again, soon as they washed it
But the pride won't let 'em, inside's like "Go get 'em"
And I'm just like "Why you're tryin' to fight momentum?"
We just keep winnin', by landslides, oh, and um
Shady Limited's, in any size yo' denim
To velour, even our clothing line's on fire
As 50 would say "Our clothing line's on Fiyaa''
Meanwhile, your minds on us, like mine's on Mariah
And y'all is just like her, you're all fucking liars
But I'll just keep fucking you like I fucked her
Right in the ass with K-Y, yes, sir!
So full of joy, boy, am I absurd?
Even Chingy would tell you: "That boy don't curr"
See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh, yeah!)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh, yeah!)
See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh, yeah!)
So Jimmy's can crack corn, but I don't care
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh, yeah!)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em!)
And where is G-Unit at, they're like (We over here!)
And where the fuck we goin', we're like (Nowhere!)
(Haha!)

Your homie got clapped on, man, I don't care
The cops in my nana crib, but I'm not there
It is what it is, dawg, man, life's not fair
Your friends should've known not to front 'round here
Listen, kid, where I'm from,  the wolves smell fear
They'll strip your ass of your jewels right here
Man, I'ma say this one time, now get this clear
Man, you can catch a hot one like outta nowhere
A beautiful day without drama is rare
Your girl's a freak, man, sometimes we share
Yeah, I wear a condom and you go bare
You probably heard about me, I'm a sho nuff player
In the hood politicin', like I'm runnin' for mayor
Ridin', winin', dinin' and shinin', know what I'm sayin'?
I ain't got time for fuckin' around, and horseplayin'
I'm makin' hits, my homies takin' hits, who's stayin'
See us on them award shows, we're like (Oh, yeah!)
Can we get more of those, they're like (Oh, yeah!)
See us keep blowing up, we're like (Oh, yeah!)
So Jimmy's can crack corn, but I don't care
See me in the videos, I'm like (Oh, yeah!)
See me right up close, you're like (Oh Em!)
And where is D12 at, they're like (We over here!)
And where the fuck we goin', we're like (Nowhere!)

Haha, haha
Yeah!
It's The Re-Up!
Haha
God, I love it
You know you hate that laugh, don't you?
Haha, haha
Keep doin' it
Do it again
What?
The laugh
Oh, haha, haha!
I like that
Haha, haha, haha, haha
Hehehe
You don't think they're gonna think we're really crazy, right?16Embed