29 ContributorsMind Power Lyrics
Your new lesson is to realize the mission when you hear it
Emceein, see I got this in my spirit
I got verses like Mahalia singin' church hymns
So strap up because you skatin' on ice that's wild thin
A weak foundation doesn't make a good home
That's why mine is built on chrome microphones
We bout to do it theoretically, unsteadily, to the medley
Come on
It's the complete Kamaal, unique, Fareed, breed
That'll keep you broke down like a Ross 5 speed
So move buddy, a yo we got to get this money
In this land of dead and crummy, ain't a damn thing funny
A yo, shout out to Mobb Deep, the Extra P
Busta Rhymes, De La, the J Beez, and don't sleep
We got reality for the cabbage
Staying sincere to this, so I know we gonna manage
Give me, liberty in mass amounts and Swiss bank accounts
With the sustainer, it'll be real
So me and my brothas, we can sit down and build
Like Rampage with that Last Boy Scout appeal
We got that silk, satin, Manhattan intelligence feel
That keeps everything on even keels
So all you slow brothas talkin' yang, ya poo-tang
Now, we gonna show you how the real crew bang
You might also like
A yo, I bring it to you live kid, Queens niggas love static
Your rap's had it, braggin' more numbers than mathematics
I get brains on Craftmatics and leave your wet dreams shattered
That's the same guy be skeetin' in your mugshot
I stay hot like summertime on LBQ and boo-boos
The love shack is 1-9-2, my joint's smooth
To watch y'all niggas fall like Lin Que
I keep it brand new like school shoppin', it's on and poppin'
The club peeps this nigga's steez like radars
You get laid off while I'll be gaming ghetto girl like 8-Off
The verdict's in, I be the Luke of Linden
Give up your goods cuz it's the start of your endin'

(Where ya at?) We seein' life for what it is
(Where ya at?) We get this money for these kids
(Where ya at?) We bout to build the foundation
(Where ya at?)

Now, all that Glock totin' trash you talk will not prevail
It's stale, you'll either be dead or in jail
I keep it realer than the logo on milk
Denouncing tough guy wannabes that look smoother than silk
That's the sound of the man getting yanked off the stage
Trying to front like he mad paid
Sucking so bad, we threw his mama off the train (insane)
MCs are just givin' it all away (OK)
Who said him know about the Quest-like sound?
Mess around and get your ass knocked down (clown)
I dedicate this to the posers that play hard
You wanna hear some rhymes, well then bring your bodyguard
So he can peep the worldwide Willie that we display
Leaving all MCs in complete disarray
I beez a veteran MC, crushing crews for years
You frontin' hard when you softer than the Berenstain Bears
Yeah, chumps be like "Phife, that ain't fair"
'Fuck outta here, do I look like I care?
Come off my stage before I grab ya neck and handle ya
Wet ya like punani, then dry you like Canada
Shaheed Muhammad's on the Gemini mixer
Peace to Derrick Coleman, Mad Max and the Sixers
I'm cappin' hard cuz I got this rap shit sold
From Linden Boulevard down to Cascade Road
You know my steez, I treat hip-hop like a sport
Holdin' down fort up on Martinique Court like...
(Where ya at?) We seein' life for what it is
(Where ya at?) We get this money for these kids
(Where ya at?) We bout to build the foundation
(Where ya at?) We gonna start the Zulu Nation
(Where ya at?) Come on, come on
(Where ya at?) We gonna put it all together
(Where ya at?) No matter what the hell the weather
(Where ya at?)

Uh, uh, mind power
Uh, uh, mind power
Uh, uh, mind power
Uh, uh, mind power
Uh, uh, mind power
Uh, uh, kickin' willie is good, all throughout your whole hood
But we gotta start with the spirit first y'all
Mind power3Embed