13 ContributorsI’m Ready Lyrics
Aha, ayo
I'm ready for whatever this world brings to me (Mac Miller)
I'm ready for tonight, I'm ready for tomorrow
And whatever's after that, you feel me? Let's get it

We stay fly (Fly), new clothes on (On)
Smokin' on that Drake 'til I'm so far gone
I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready
Baby girl, you fly (Fly), why we gotta wait? (Wait)
Let's take a drive, I need to get away
I'm ready (Yeah), I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready

Uh, uh
Ain't a damn thing change, I'm happy to get away
Leavin' shorty's in the mornin', she's grabbin' on me to stay
But I'm ready for the next stage (Stage)
Just text me, she said I hit it out the park like Fenway (Aha)
Ayy, it's just one night's work
Have her stayin up late, then sleepin' in my shirt
Girl, I gotta leave now, I need to get to work
I'm a young heartbreaker, believe me, it's a curse (Uh-huh)
But hey, I stay focused 'cause the money come first
Take my real life situations, throw 'em in a verse (What?)
Uh, that's the formula for the truth
It's more than just what I do, I'm explorin' it for the proof (Uh-huh)
Who am I? Muhfucker, who are you?
Don't be askin' questions you should know the answer to (Right?)
You should know my name, don't forget me
'Bout to takeover the game, I'm ready
You might also like
We stay fly (Fly), new clothes on (On)
Smokin' on that Drake 'til I'm so far gone
I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready
Baby girl, you fly (Fly), why we gotta wait? (Wait)
Let's take a drive, I need to get away
I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready

Uh, yeah
I'm ready to have the glory, I'm ready to have the name
I'm ready to have the fortune, I'm ready to have the fame
When I get up in the game, it's never gon' be the same
Those too dumb to notice, tell 'em to use they brain (Aha)
I spend a whole day on the cloud
Firetrucks comin' through tryin' get me down
Mom say she proud 'cause I'm stickin' to my dreams
Get myself out, head to bigger, better things (Better things)
It's the high life, boy, I live the fly life
Honey's want my number 'cause I rhyme nice, haha
Ain't that some shit?
She gave her girl a camera, said, "Can we take a pic?" (Click)
So let us speak a thousand words
Shorty says she want me 'cause I'm down to Earth (Haha)
It's all gravy, you won't forget me
'Cause I'm headed to the top, I'm ready
We stay fly (Fly), new clothes on (On)
Smokin' on that Drake 'til I'm so far gone
I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready
Baby girl, you fly (Fly), why we gotta wait? (Wait)
Let's take a drive, I need to get away
I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm readyEmbed