68 ContributorsGod’s Gift Lyrics
(Aheee, ahee-iya-iya-iya-eee-e)
(Aheee-e)
(Aheee-e-e)
(Yeee-hee, Ahee-e-e)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
(Aheee-ahe-e)
(Aheee-e-e) Up up and away, hey, do you trust me?
Would you love me, then it must be

Worldwide stunner, oh man, I'm a
Reign on the game, make it storm and thunder
Grab an umbrella bitch, and go stand under
And bundle up, it's gon' be a cold ass summer
Uh, you niggas so last summer
On to the new, on-on to the new shit
Jigga wouldn't even take my CD when he seen me
Two years later bitch we made it on, on to the Blueprint
Now how's that for persistence?
Cole World comin', call back up assistance
Same broads used to hang up on my walls
Now they come up out their drawers, how's that for a mistress
Hell bent, heaven sent, Lord I repent if I ever sinned
Now I know I ain't the richest, but I still wanna ball
Put money over bitches, but we still underdogs
You might also like
Did you miss me? No I don't know where I'm goin'
But I'm goin', now is you comin' with me (With me, with me)?
Up, up and away (And away, and away)
Hey, do you trust me (Trust me, trust me)?
If I was on my last dollar, dead broke, assed out, would you love me (Love me, love me)?
Then it must be (Must be, must be) a match made in heaven (Heaven, heaven)
(Wake up, wake up, wake up)
God's Gift, (Get up, get up, get up)
God's Gift, (Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up)
God's Gift, (Get up, get up, get up)
Mothafucker this is God’s gift

Pussy my passion
Man I just can’t help it I see a cookie, I grab one
Lookin' for some nookie, I’m tryna scoop me a bad one
Every verse I spit it just like it could be my last one
Ever since I got on
I’ve been on a mission to fuck the bitches I missed out on
Ex-cheerleader, hollerin' what’s up
Now her nigga beat her, damn that’s fucked up
What type of little fuck boy hit a
Woman, bet he wouldn’t put his hands on a nigga
Ha, I ain’t bitter boy that’s all you
Ha, plus I just fucked her 'fore she called you
Ha, dry your eyes baby, I’ll drive you home
Older hoes sayin' "My how you’ve grown"
I came up, fucked the game up
Show my momma I’ll survive on my own
Did you miss me? I don't know where I'm goin'
But I'm goin', now is you comin' with me (With me, with me)?
Up, up and away (And away, and away)
Hey, do you trust me (Trust me, trust me)?
If I was on my last dollar, dead broke, assed out, would you love me (Love me, love me)?
Then it must be (Must be, must be) a match made in heaven (Heaven, heaven)
(Wake up, wake up, wake up)
God's Gift, (Get up, get up, get up)
God's Gift, (Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up)
God's Gift, (Get up, get up, get up)
Mothafucker this is God’s gift20Embed