3 ContributorsTrap Or Die Reloaded Lyrics
Yeah
Trap Or Die 2
The king has returned
That’s it
Yeah
Yeah, look

Here I come, I hope you niggas ready
Like the handle on the vision, how I hold this bitch steady
See you doing big shit and niggas get petty (Petty)
Don’t try to get me, nigga, get fetti
Been a motherfucking minute, how you niggas been?
We got a lot to talk about, where should we begin?
Can’t trust these niggas ‘cause they unholy (Holy)
It’s every man for hisself, that’s what the streets showed me
And I demand my respect, that’s what the streets owe me
And I don’t speak on street cred ‘cause it speak for me
I watched niggas do some shit I couldn’t understand (‘Stand)
You know I stay prepared for it, didn’t under-plan (Nah), yeah
What he thinking? Got him wondering
Meanwhile, I’m working wonders, I’m the Wonder-Man
I woke up feeling all Trap Or Die 2-ish (2-ish)
Still counting old money, think I’m half-Jewish
And if you thought that I was over then you half-foolish
That nigga Young, he gets it done, these niggas half-do this, yeah! (Yeah)
I tell them, “Who better?” (Who better?)
Don’t get it fucked up, nigga, not ever (Ever)
It’s the nigga that you love to hate, they call him “Young”
The big homie sat me down when I was young—he said:
“I hope that you ready, ‘cause you the one” (One)
So I listened to him, stayed down, and bought me one (One)
I took a trip to the Greenbriar Mall and bought me some (Some)
I learned me a valuable lesson, it taught me something (What’s that?)
If you believe, you shall achieve (‘Chieve)
That street money’ll buy you some shit you wouldn’t believe (Yeah)
All types of homes and watches, luxury cars (Cars)
Why the hell y’all think I be spitting luxury bars? (Yeahhh)
Let me ask you a question: Do you believe? (‘Lieve)
‘Cause right now, it’s Young and them—who you believe?
Take a trip with me down Memory Ave. (Ave.)
Seven O’s, nines, and splits, and fifty slabs (Damn)
Flood the streets, typhoon-style, ’til it’s a drought
It’ll turn you to a marketing genius, a Steve Stoute (Yeah)
Told him, “500 a piece, bring me a gram” (Gram)
Nigga think I’m showing him love, I’m building my brand (Haha!)
Why the hell you think I sold all them nines? ‘Cause I’m a leader (Leader)
Came from the jungle, more stripes than a fucking zebra (Zebra)
Born on the day of the ounce, the 28th (Eighth)
Nigga sign was a scale, we knew we would sell weight (Young!)
Type of nigga know I’m the shit, I feel stank (Stank)
And right now, I’m feeling myself, I feel faint (Yeah)
Chances of making it out, they ain’t great
You want to hear it from somebody that done it? I feel great
Do it for the times I was stressed, I lost weights (Weight)
Patrolling, accepting my past, I lost eight (Damn)
Tell you the rest on the album, that’s all that I got to say (Say)
This that Trap Or Die 2, that 103 on the way, what’s up!
You might also like
Yeah!
Who better, nigga?Embed