67 ContributorsTranslationsItalianoHeard Em Say Lyrics
I saw a kid with no smile on his face today
"Where is my place in this bright future?" I heard him say
Heard him s— I heard him s— I heard him say

Say I ain't good enough, they say I ain't hood enough
Even if I signed to Yeezy, I wouldn't be good enough (Good enough)
(Heard him s— I heard him s— I heard him say)
Killin' myself to make a killin'
Fuck the bullshit, I'ma just write what I'm feelin' (Write what I'm feelin')
(Heard him s— I heard him s— I heard him say)
I'd rather be hated for who I am than loved for who I'm not
Give a fuck if it's hot (Fuck if it's hot)

I saw a kid with no smile on his face today
"Where is my place in this bright future?" I heard him say

That boy different, don't fuck with him
But I'd rather stand out than stand in
Let the story begin (Turn the mic down)
(Heard him s— I heard him s— I heard him say)
Look in the mirror and what I tell 'em?
Reflectin' on my life, I'm Keanu in Parabellum (Parabellum)
(Heard him s— I heard him s— I heard him say)
Came a long way from where you was
Up-and-comer with a buzz, overcame sellin' drugs
Overcame depression, even overcame addiction
And had the courage to say what others wouldn't with conviction
Always in the kitchen, never mind who be bitchin' (Mind who be bitchin')
You might also like
I saw a kid with no smile on his face today
"Where is my place in this bright future?" I heard him say

Never mind who be bitchin'
This is for the person in the back who always gon' listen
Fuck a punchline, this is food for thought like the lunch line
We all got problems, the question is, can you solve 'em?
Had the courage to face all of 'em and resolve 'em
Shit, I know you can 'cause I did
I know you can 'cause I done it
No matter what the fuck you goin' through, I'ma keep it a hunnid
I know you can overcome it
Baby mama trippin'? I know, I've been there
Boss caught you slippin'? I know, I've been there
Somebody beefin' with you? Man, that shit ain't rare
Just keep it pushin'

I saw a kid with no smile on his face today
"Where is my place in this bright future?" I heard him say

I've been battlin' with my demons
I'm cowardice when I see 'em
I'm powerless, I can't beat 'em
But deep down, I feel like I need 'em
Power is freedom, you can lead 'em but can't feed 'em
Smilin' on my face but I'm dyin' under the surface
What is my purpose? I'm feelin' worthless
Tell me what worth is
My flaws, I happily greet 'em
Imperfections, I love 'em
My enemies, I defeat 'em
Man, I know somebody gon' relate to this
If keeping it real is a sin, you better pray for this
'Cause I wanted this shit all my life
'Til I finally got it and realized there's so much more to life
Used to dream I'd become the fuckin' man I am
Stackin' money and readin' my son Sam I Am
Love life, can't tell you how much a fan I am
This is grown folk music if you did not know
Thirty somethin', I ain't rappin' 'bout no dumb shit, ho
Keep it real, Bobby boy ain't no kid no more
Now keep it real, Bobby boy ain't no kid no more
Now if you feelin' how I'm feelin', let a motherfucker know
I saw a kid with no smile on his face today
"Where is my place in this bright future?" I heard him say

This concludes the No Pressure program
No Pressure— Ultra 85, welcome to the Ultra 85 program30Embed