8 ContributorsNiggaz Can’t Touch Me Kid Lyrics"Hey yo, let me know I'm saying, if you recording when the beat come in"
"I'm recording right now motherfucker"
"Hey yo, niggas can't touch me kid"
"What was that god?"
"I said niggas can't touch me kid."

Uhhh...aha..

Niggas can't touch me kid
Niggas can't touch me kid
Niggas can't touch me kid
Niggas can't touch me kid

Ain't no way for me to say just how deep the flow gets
Still waking up in cold sweats, over old threats
And I done did more time than a clock
From the Valhalla to the Rock
I represent on every block
Its the Dizark! Straight out the Grizound!
And from now on this is how Shizits going Dizown!
Clizown, come through squashing toes
Don't even breathe cause in jail you was washing clothes
Get in front of hoes and start fakin' G
Let you tell it, you getting dough like a bakery
Making me scheme and plot
Since yo ass like to dream I put that head to bed and you can dream a lot
Funny shit is before I shot tha nigga, you shoulda seen how the bitch came up out the nigga
Now I got the nigga but I could run up in 'em made 'em say "Daddy" before I put the gun up in 'em
Put one up in 'em, two three, empty the clip
Have his whole head looking like a busted lip
And I skip, cause I can't stand another case
Went to his wake so I could laugh at the look on his mother's face
Even though I know it ain't shit funny about knocking a nigga off just to get money
I still do what I gots to and just be grateful that I never got you cause I woulda SHOT YOU!
You might also like

Yeah, you know how I'm living nigga
Straight up ruthless, let's leave yo man toothless, ain't nothing given nigga
I been cruddy cause just long as I can remember since 1970 the 18 of December
Earl Simmons, the bastard that nobody wanted was born
Niggas showed me a joint made 'em run it, it's on
Can't a bank around the way say I ain't stuck it
Quick as I catch a body I can be one, so fuck it!
I ain't got shit to lose but my life
Plug you in the gut and watch the blood ooze down my knife
I laugh at death cause to me it's funny
Don't give a fuck about shit, what matters to me is money!
Sonny, I could teach yo ass a trick or two about stacking the dough, macking a hoe and what the dick'll do
I drove a bitch until the bitch is worthless
Have her sucking my mans dick and make it look good on the surface
A nigga get the same treatment
I'm leaving guts on walls, and brains all over the cement
But no remorse for the corpse cause I still kick 'em
He ain't bleeding enough so I stick 'em
And I will have another body
Kinda like how I feel when I'm blowing up another party
And shit is clicking in the hood now so I'm good now
Talking bout you good now
Oh, you would? How?

Plenty of niggas know dirty is how I do 'em
Push buckshots from a 30 right through 'em
Cause ain't none of ya'll motherfuckers built for war
And I lay down the law when I spray down ya door
Fuck around and my name'll be 19 5 be 64 11
On the 3 and a half to 7
But even up north I put niggas to waste so if you wanna stop the violence
GET THE FUCK OUT MY FACE!
Paroled in four, peeps hit the board off
Bitches is fucking but I sleeps with the sawed off!
I got shit to do, crews to break, moves to make
Wait for the news to break, I got dues to take
I don't joke cuz jokers is cards
And cards are what I pull
Infrared with the clip full, no leash on my pitbull
This shit is hot like the wax off a candle stick
But how I handle shit, is to dismantle shit (Dundundundunduhdada)
Like Popeye when it's spinach time, running through niggas like your tape at the finish line
What ya crew gonna do when I put the pressure on?
And it hurts wanna be gangstas in skirts?
And the bitch is coming all up out the nigga!
One false move and they mom's will read about the nigga
And they girls will be without the nigga
Matter fact, I'm tired of talking money throw ya joints up, let's scrap

"Can't touch me kid...word up...
Can't touch me kid...word up...
They can't touch me kid!
Word like can't touch me kid
Word to mans can't touch me kid
Cuz I get big can't touch me kid
Cuz that's how it is can't touch me kid
I lives how I lives can't touch me kid
Fresh off a bid can't touch me kid
Get the body and slid can't touch me kid
Yo I did what I did can't touch me kid
Now who get big? can't touch me kid!
"Uhhhhh....HAHA!! AHHHHH!!"4Embed