44 ContributorsAre You Ready Lyrics
Everybody like (Hey!) are you ready to go? Ready to go
Everybody like (Hey!) are you ready to go? Ready to go
(Hey!) Are you ready to go? Ready to go
Everybody like (Hey!) are you ready to go? Ready to go

On my Charlie Sheen, homie, yes I am a winner
And when it comes to making music, I am no beginner
Hit the stage and get wild, my braniac's loud
Call me double 07 because I bond with the crowd
You shine like a star but I sun it
50 keep it a 100, homie you know I run it
The game needs change and Logic can break a 100
I had a shorty to bun it, until she didn't want it
So I focused on the flow and they gon' put me on the map
With a pocket full of change, every day a different dime
Only fuck with golden girls, and I ain't talking Lifetime
When I rhyme, they up on me, ‘cause they seen how I'ma shine
Now, you may be wondering how my raps rock
‘Cause I'm so fifth key to the right of caps lock
And when my tracks drop, I'ma be sipping Ciroc
With the whole skyline chillin’ in the backdrop

Everybody like (Hey!) are you ready to go? Ready to go
Everybody like (Hey!) are you ready to go? Ready to go
(Hey!) Are you ready to go? Ready to go
Everybody like (Hey!) are you ready to go? Ready to go
You might also like
Shit, nigga I was born ready
And I swear I'm what these rappers can’t bear, warn teddy
My Pro Tools bouncing like a '64 Chevy
I'm trying to win fast y'all on that Eddie
Plus Carl and Harriet, G is how I carry it
Been in it for miles, don't believe ask Darius
Running this beach like Chariots of Fire
I aspire to be higher than these superficial liars
The attire I acquire cost a grip, buy your pliers
I'm a ball out and die in Maryland, Len Bias
Apply a sire to my name, yeah you ain't know I'm royal
I foil from slick talk, yeah trip off that oil
Toying with girls feelings, lord forgive me I need healing
I know you said it's wrong but a long would make a killing
Hit the bong I hit the ceiling, hit the drink I hit the floor
If they show 'em in the buildin to the crowd, then let me know

Everybody like (Hey!) are you ready to go? Ready to go
Everybody like (Hey!) are you ready to go? Ready to go
(Hey!) Are you ready to go? Ready to go
Everybody like (Hey!) are you ready to go? Ready to go13Embed