14 ContributorsHomie Lyrics
Phew
(Sosa on the beat)
Phew, phew, phew, phew, phew, phew (aye), phew, phew
Phew (aye aye), phew (aye) phew, phew (bang bang bang bang bang, gang gang gang)
Aye Aye (phew, phew)

Bitch, I got the SIG on me (SIG, SIG), I got the big on me (big thang)
And I got the pump, get a swig, homie (bop)
You dig, homie (ya dig? ya dig?), did you hear, homie? (ya hear?)
If you dig (ya dig), put these pistols to your ear, homie (to ya ear)
Yeah, homie (yeah), shoot for a year, homie (for a year)
You think you fly? We shootin' down your lil homie (yeah homie)
Yeah, homie, I love my bricks, I swear, homie (I swear, nigga)
Try to take it, nigga, I dare, homie (I dare, nigga)
Ayy, ayy, ayy ayy

Call Johnny Dang up, I need some bling (Johnny Dang)
'member when I ain't have shit, now I can have anything (everything)
You see me in traffic, I be speedin' (skrt skrt skrt skrt)
Now the cops behind me, they don't want anything (hah hah)
Rollin' with the goo on the way to the loot (to the bih)
'member posting on 0-6-2 with rocks all in my shoes (rock all in my eeh)
Bitch, I go kuku, this ain't nothing new (ain't nun eeh)
You ain't know, I'm off the wall, I thought you knew (I thought chu eeh)
My daughter is 2, my son name is Krue (his name is eeh)
If they know you ain't got money, they will laugh at you (eeh)
Pull up with my shooters, they shoot, I say who (aye bang)
Niggas can't act foolish, they know how they do (gang gang)
You might also like
Ayy nigga, bang bang bang bang bang bang

Bitch, I got the SIG on me (SIG, gang, SIG), I got the big on me (big thang)
And I got the pump, get a swig, homie
You dig, homie (ya dig? ya dig?), did you hear, homie? (ya hear?)
If you dig (ya dig), put these pistols to your ear, homie (to ya ear)
Yeah, homie (yeah), shoot for a year, homie (for a year)
You think you fly? We shootin' down your lil homie (yeah homie)
Yeah, homie, I love my bricks, I swear, homie (I swear, nigga)
Try to take it, nigga, I dare, homie (I dare, nigga)
Ayy, ayy, ayy ayy

Smoke a nigga like a one hunnid (aye aye)
This a gun hold a one hunnid (bang bang bang)
You can hold 'bout one somethin' (bang bang)
You act like you on somethin' (you on somethin', what?)
You call my phone, you want somethin'? (you want somethin'?, huh)
You call my phone, you got money? (you got that fff beep)
I got rap money, rock money (I got that fff beep)
Got some weed and a Glock on me (I got weed)
Bullets we can swap, come through like a SWAT, homie (come through like eeh)
Your time is running out of the goddamn clock, homie (out of the goddamn eeh)
I'm from Chiraq, got these white socks on me (white socks on eeh)
Got the semis in the cut, keep something slight on me (something slight on Chief Keef, lil nigga, bang bang)
Aye aye aye
Bitch, I got the SIG on me (SIG, SIG), I got the big on me (big thang)
And I got the pump, get a swig, homie (swig)
You dig, homie (ya dig? ya dig?), did you hear, homie? (ya hear?)
If you dig (ya dig), put these pistols to your ear, homie (to ya ear)
Yeah, homie (yeah), shoot for a year, homie (shoot for a year)
You think you fly? We shootin' down your lil homie (shootin' down your lil homie)
Yeah, homie, I love my bricks, I swear, homie (I swear)
Try to take it, nigga, I dare, homie (I dare)Embed