25 ContributorsWho Is That Lyrics
Aye
(Sosa on the beat)
Aye, nigga
Aye, it's me and gang, nigga, take nigga
Got the Backwood, got the cup, nigga
Shoot you if you say sum', ayy
You know how we rockin', bro
Ayy, ayy, bang, bang, nigga, ayy

Boy, my fucking watch cost a brick (fff beep)
And my favorite car, the X6 (the X6)
Stop the fucking flexing, boy, you not with the shits (not with the shits)
Point this pistol at his stomach, blow a nigga shit back (bang bang)
We take the streets and start locking the shits (I lock it)
These choppa shells the same size as a Budweiser 6 pack (grrah bang, bang bang)
Got some money, still tote choppas and shit (fff bang bang bang)
Knock-knock at my door, I'm at the peep hole like who is that? (Who the fuck is this? aye
Whatchu want, man?
Who the fuck is this? aye
Fuck is this? aye
Who the fuck is this? aye)

What you need, a fucking six pack? (six pack)
Knocking on my door (knock knock), is you with the damn feds? (damn feds nigga, wassup huh?)
What you need, a fucking 10 pack? (fuckin 10 pack nigga)
Give me a hundred, pussy, you can get that (you can get that)
You say, "fuck Glo" out your mouth, we push your fucking wig back (push your wig back, bang bang)
We got pistols in the club, fuck security, we slid that
I flow so hard, it made bulletproof shit crack
I’m Snoop Dizzle, I’m the motherfucking shiznat (I'm the shiznat, bitch)
I'm rolling in that Koenigsegg (that Koenigsegg)
The car that all the hoes wanna give a kiss (thotty! thotty!)
I'm smoking on that piss sack (that piss)
It smell like I just got done taking a piss (that dope)
You smoking on that shit pack (smokin' on that shit pack)
And it smell like you just got done taking a shit (a shit)
I'mma customize a SIG MAC (SIG aye)
'Cause you ain't never seen that shit (nah)
She suck my dick, I gave that bitch a Tic Tac (lil bitch, Tic Tac, bitch)
Then told that hoe to get the fuck out my shit (get out my car)
They cut the gates, now we coming in the back (we in the back of that thang, bang bang)
Catch yo ass, barbecue you in with that (bang bang, woo, in that fucking thang)
Dear Mister Your Honor, I ain't sinning yet (your honor, phew, nah)
I'm just getting money, I'm all in with that (just gettin' dough)
He should've, could've, would've, boy, you couldn't shit (you couldn't have been that)
It's Back From the Dead 2, I'm zombie-ing, bitch (BFTD2, nigga, yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah, BFTD2, nigga, yeah yeah nigga, ayy)
You might also like
Boy, my fucking watch cost a brick (cost a brick, aye aye)
And my favorite car, the X6 (the X6)
Stop the fucking flexing, boy, you not with the shits (not with the shits)
Point this pistol at his stomach, blow a nigga shit back (bang bang)
We take the streets and start locking the shits (I lock lock lock)
These choppa shells the same size as a Budweiser 6 pack (size as a Budweiser 6 pack)
Got some money, still tote choppas and shit (like bang bang)
Knock knock at my door, I'm at the peep hole like who is that? (Who the fuck is that?)

Pull off coming back (skrt), turn you to a running back (into a running back, bang)
Pull up in New Jersey, Mapes and Bergen nigga, slump yo ass (slump a nigga, gang)
I'm off the Henny, and the Pepsis, Xanax, and the Thrax (off the fuckin' thang)
In the flesh, pull up, leave a nigga flat (skrt bang, bang bang)
Leave a nigga on his back (bang bang bang bang)
He should've fucking had his back-up (damn, his damn)
Bullets gave him a disease (to his tummy, bang bang)
Now this pussy need a fucking checkup (bang bang, gang gang)
Bullets give his ass the hiccups (bang bang bang, huh, bang)
You want war? Nigga, get up, let's get up (bang bang bang, let's get it, let's get it nigga, let's get it bang, let's get it)
I’m an artist, I paint pictures, nigga, I rant, nigga (bang bang bang, I rant nigga, bang bang)

Boy, my fucking watch cost a brick (cost brick)
And my favorite car, the X6 (skrt, skrt skrt)
Stop the fucking flexing, boy, you not with the shits (nah, not with the shits)
Point this pistol at his stomach, blow a nigga shit back (click-clack, bang bang)
We take the streets and start locking the shits (skrt skrt)
These choppa shells the same size as a Budweiser 6 pack (size as a Budweiser 6 pack)
Got some money still tote choppas and shit (like bang)
Knock knock at my door, I'm at the peep hole like who is that? (Who the fuck is that?)4Embed