2 ContributorsPresidential Campaign Rally Speech South Carolina July 2020 LyricsEDITING IN PROGRESS

Yeah Kanye!

Yeezy, Yeezy, Yeezy…

I figured if we were all quiet, I wouldn’t need a mic in here is that true?

Yeah.

What is the number one thing that you guys want to change, because I want you all to ?

(Crosstalk) Education.

All right, get up here. . I want you to explain what the problem with education is.

The problem with education is they don’t stick up for minorities or people who aren’t in …
Hold on one second. What I want you guys to do no one to clap, no one to scream until she says I am done with my point.

Yes sir.

 then explain the issue.

My name is Summer . I’d like to say that the issue with education is that it is whitewashed and not only white-washed, it is washed over by whoever is the victor. So that people who are marginalized in any community, not just necessarily people of color…

I know that we are trained to emotionally react to the points that are said, to say "Mm-hmm I feel that" or "Mm-hmm, I feel that". But today, I want you guys to try, not to try, because trying is failing. What I want you guys to do is show how we can have complete silence until she expresses her point completely. And when she is done and says, "I...I...We have fully expressed ourselves" because I don’t love the word, I. Which I get the .
When she says, We have completely expressed our point… who is that?
()
You can’t hear? Can we close those two Malcolm X doors in the back?
You see where the two exits are? Is it okay to close the doors, but keep them unlocked, while we’re talking? I think it can help with the sound. Moving forward, we will be in rooms where the acoustics will be absolutely incredible because I will be involved in the design.

Summer…Summer has an expression about education. Summer go ahead, now what I’m saying is no camera flicks, no flashes, no moving, no opening up Doritos bags. All right Summer, let’s go.
Okay, so the problem with education that I was saying is, people are marginalized, they’re not teaching all of history. They’re only teaching it from one perspective, which is the victor's perspective. That’s not always the right perspective and I feel like if we’re able to include other people into the perspective and into the conversation, it’ll teach the generation coming up how to be more inclusive, how to respond to situations. It’ll teach people how to love each other.
There’s just so much wrong with education, some people don’t know so many things, not only just in high school, in college, in the jail systems, everywhere. So many people don’t know, after you come out of jail, you still have the right to vote. A lot of people don’t know that. There’s so much wrong with the education that we can’t keep up with…

, history.
Summer’s going to speak on police brutality also. She has another expression she needs to make.

Is that okay with you guys?

Yes!

Wait a second. It doesn’t have to be okay with you guys because I stated that she was going to do that…
Quiet down for a second because the problem is, we only have made moves that we are generally okay with not understanding that Instagram has been controlling the opinions of what we are okay with.

Yes!

So, me as the leader of the free world, it's time for the very first round.
Yes!

Inside of the very first rally.  I’ve made a decision that Summer is going to express her feelings and information on police brutality. Silence please.

Okay, so my feelings on police brutality is not everyone should be allowed onto the police force, first of all. So many people are on the police force that shouldn’t be in the police force. They just want to have authority in action and power. Not only that, what he was saying about brainwashing, obviously he’s right. He’s Kanye West.
 social media is brainwashing people, stuff like TikTok. TikTok is brainwashing little kids. People are on here at 3 years old watching TikTok.

Pause, pause. If you guys want to whisper, go outside and talk. We need absolute silence, we need absolute order. That is the only way for this country to be back in order. And for us to have absolute order, respect, dignity, and honor for those that we showed up in here and that are speaking. Summer is talking right now, if you see someone next to you that nudges you or tries to whisper. Hold your hand and say, this person is distracting me from what Summer is saying right now, and we will have them escorted out.
Now Summer, go ahead.

So on the topic of brainwashing, just everything brainwashes us now. Social media, if they want something, they can program it into our minds. TV, social media, literally everything and the state of the nation is just it’s in complete dismay.
Summer: (06:04)
There’s one cop that feels like everything is okay, there’s one out that feels like everything is in tatters. And I wish everyone can just come together, respect everyone’s opinions. You don’t have to agree with them, but you can always respect their opinion and that’s how I feel. I have expressed what I needed to say.
Kanye West: (06:04)
Raise your hand silently if you have another issue that you would like to bring up. I saw your hand first.
Lauren: (06:04)
My name is Lauren McLeod.
Kanye West: (06:04)
This is Lauren McLeod.
Kanye West: (08:43)
I understand everyone is excited, it’s a new world. You have someone who is not afraid of anyone and only afraid of God and in honor to God…we have someone who isn’t afraid of anyone and in honor to God and is at a 132 I.Q. genius that literally went to the hospital because his brain was too big for his skull and literally…Absolutely no clapping. That went to Adidas when it was 50 billion dollar organization losing two billion dollars and ended up at 62 billion dollars before COVID that went to the stock market with GAP and whose net worth went from 3.3 billion to 5 billion in 45 minutes. Now, that his friends, I only have one superhero friend right now, who is that? . Okay, so we have one member of the superhero avenger team, so far. So I know that this is an exciting movement, but we’re not excited because if I told you that I bought you a brand new Mercedes Benz and it’s outside, you’d run to the car. But if I was society today, I wouldn’t have the car directly outside, I’d have it on the other side of the street. So you’d get hit by a car trying to run to your new car.
Kanye West: (09:32)
And that’s what social media…Quiet. That’s what social media does. It gets you excited about things. It gets you turned up about things. It gets you running around and I’m just walk…I don’t know where these bricks come from, but I’m going to use them.
Kanye West: (09:33)
Wait a second, where did the bricks come from though? Did you put the bricks in the street?
Audience: (09:33)
No.
Kanye West: (09:33)
Did you put the bricks in the street? I’m not talking about the riots, I’m talking about the bricks in the 80s.
Audience: (09:33)
Oh.
Kanye West: (09:33)
We’re ready.
Lauren: (10:07)
Education is an important topic. Education…
Kanye West: (10:09)
We have no microphone.. You got it.
Lauren: (10:09)
Education starts everything. Education starts people who are in our police force, in our healthcare force, in our political force. So, if we’re not educated properly, how can we live in America if we don’t even have the education to live in America. I grew up in Tulsa. I grew up right here surrounded by white people. There’s nothing wrong with white people, but you live with a whole different perspective than everybody else. I lived with a whole different perspective than everybody else and we need to change everything, so we can begin to change.
Lauren: (10:42)
, with people in our society. And I think healthcare is so important because if people don’t have access to healthcare, how can people live their life? How can you live your life if you don’t feel comfortable going to the doctor’s, don’t feel comfortable going to vote, if you’re not able to go and vote?
Kanye West: (11:09)
Okay, so I stubbed my toe. Two years ago. And went to the doctor because you know I’ve got to , I got to take everything quite serious. I’m not just going to take some ointment or whatever, I’m going to go to the hospital. So, when I got there, 5 doctors asked me if I wanted pain medication. At the end of the year, they give out awards for people who have given out the most medication.
Kanye West: (11:26)
In Europe, there’s a higher threshold for pain. I got plastic surgery to try to look young and try to look like I needed to be on TV out in Los Angeles. You heard a small clip of that on TMZ. After getting the plastic surgery, that was a slippery slope to being addicted to Percocet.
Kanye West: (11:34)
Percocet released serotonin and endorphins in your mind that are similar to when you have an orgasm and are also a cousin and a sister of heroin. So, basically, some could say I was addicted to a smaller form of heroin. And I would live in this  mansion in the state of community with my Maybach and I would drive to Calabasas high as a motherf***er. That’s the one that my dad is sitting at home waiting for Fox News to run that.
Kanye West: (12:34)
It said he was high as a mother-…No, because I went through a process of one thing leading to the next thing, leading to the next thing, leading to the next…No, because the next thing is the same thing. It’s a cycle. It’s the same thing. We are trapped in a loop. We are going to break that trap.
Kanye West: (12:55)
Uno memento…wait you come here for the next statement…you said can I…who’s the person that said can I ask? You said can I ask something? Okay, you stand up here, I would like for her to finish…”Imma let you finish”
Lauren: (12:55)
Okay, well I have a statement about pride and how it’s different…
Kanye West: (12:55)
About pride.
Lauren: (13:41)
Yeah, different places in the United States are trying to . I grew up in . I repeat . , they would get in trouble for it, but other people wouldn’t. The same thing happens at school, if you get into a fight at school, some people get in trouble. , dropped out of school and straight into jail. But other schools, you can get into a fight and you’re back in class that day or the next day. It’s not a fair . If we don’t acknowledge that, nothing’s going to change. There’s still white people, black people, every single person , truly acknowledge that there is a difference between ways that we’re raised and the way we experience the world.
Lauren: (13:41)
And I think, hey we got celebrities. We have Kanye, but we also have so many other celebrities that represent so many people in the United States and its not fair.
Kanye West: (14:51)
I understand that there was a very, very hopeful moment that you had to experience for four years when I wore the Trump hat for four years. I’m going to explain to you that Democrats ain’t get sh** for blacks. And the most racist thing that’s ever been said out loud is the idea that if Kanye West runs for president, I’m going to split the Black votes.
Kanye West: (14:55)
This reminded me, what was Samuel L. Jackson’s character in Django? .
Kanye West: (14:58)
Stephen…Okay, right, right. I’m not trying to quiet your voices actually. So, I don’t want to say that in an improper way, I just haven’t had the time to word it in the most elegant way possible. So, that’s a Stephen move. When Harriet Tubman, well Harriet Tubman never actually freed the slaves, she just had the slaves go work for other white people.
Kanye West: (15:38)
The National Basketball Association is not owned by any blacks. Universal Music is not owned by any blacks. Any celebrity that you see talking is not the real power.
Kanye West: (16:03)
Talking is not the real power because the real power that I am putting my line on the life today to speak about, you don’t see them. You don’t see the real power. You don’t know who’s putting the Internet near schools just to trap you. You don’t know who’s talking to you. Black women in between the ages of 12 to 21 that follows this person in order to buy this product. You don’t know who’s the head of the boards.
Kanye West: (16:41)
In risk or no risk of losing whatever deal possible, I am not on the board at Adidas. I am not on the board at GAP and that has to change today or I walk away. Because don’t believe that because they put the second woman, not the first on the bus, the first woman…you know that story where I am going right? There was a girl, do you remember her name? Not Rosa Parks. There was a dark skinned woman, what was she 15? 15. She was pregnant out of wedlock, so she couldn’t start the movement. She couldn’t put the bricks in the streets. I don’t know much about George Soros in all honesty. I do not know much about this man, so I will not bear false witness. I need to educate myself more about these. But also these things is, we pinpoint names.
Kanye West: (17:59)
We pinpoint people, we attack each other. We are all equal in God’s eyes. Sometimes, people are controlled by demons. Sometimes, people are controlled by the environment that we are in, but we are all God’s people. There’s no bad people. There are lost people, but we are all God’s people. There’s not left, right, red, blue. That’s why everybody here is purple today. And everyone, I’ve never got next to someone who didn’t get more prosperous because of it. George Soros, I know, know how to make homes in one day. Well, we’re doing the same thing. We’re making homeless shelters, so I would like to meet with George Soros, on that. Mark Zuckerberg would like to bring the Internet into Africa. Okay, well let’s beat Mark Zuckerberg because when you went to Africa, they said no. China is buying land in Africa. Okay, well my deal with Adidas is no longer that I get a 15% royalty, I’m giving them the 15% royalty.
Kanye West: (19:15)
Wait a second, I don’t want to hear…I’ll let you know when I’m finished with my thoughts. And I would prefer 10, I like multiples of 20, but I’m giving them a 15% royalty, but because of their 15% royalty, it made me into a billionaire. Which could make me, on this piece alone, at 0 tomorrow. But when God calls Moses, he has to leave his comfy job working for the Egyptians and free the people. And the freedom does not come from an election. The freedom comes from you not loading up pornography. The freedom comes from you not taking the Percocet. The freedom comes from you not doubting your brother and your sister. The freedom comes from you putting that gun down and not shooting people at the gas station. It has nothing to do with thos election. It only has to do with God and God’s people. He sent pause
Kanye West: (20:24)
He set pause for us to take a moment and breathe and not TikTok ourselves out. He sent pause for us, now we have a moment to breathe. It has nothing to do with black, white, rich, poor, red, blue, Native American, pilgrim. It has to deal with being truthful to what God has.
Kanye West: (20:47)
I see you have your hands up, walk up here, you’re going to get your chance…yes you, young lady walk up here.
Kanye West: (21:05)
Now let me tell you something, I heard you. All right, let me tell you…I’ll talk about Planned Parenthood. So…one more minute sir we can talk. I’m going to have my talk and then I’m going to do Planned Parenthood.
Kanye West: (21:09)
So…  most likely speak Spanish here. No… we’re going to be  most original languages and we, all these people,. So, and there are illegal, so called…, there’s no such thing as an illegal immigrant. People have been working here and supporting the world, then they need the opportunity for the freedom and the state of a…for the country that they’ve worked for. Let me go to Planned Parenthood.
Kanye West: (21:47)
The statement is, in the Bible, its says Thou should not kill. I remember that my girlfriend called me screaming and crying and I was just thinking. Because at that time I was a rapper, I was out there, I had some girlfriends and everything and I just thought to myself I want to word this in a way that, hey I don’t give a f***, I’m going to word it like .
Kanye West: (22:19)
So my girlfriend called me and I just thought to myself, please don’t tell me I get it  that sh** AIDS, that’s going to be rude. Quiet down. Then she said, I’m pregnant. And I said, yes, and then I said, no.
Kanye West: (22:22)
So, I’m going to tell you what was in my mind. She was crying, she said I just came from the doctor, and said Oh my God . Because I was having like a rapper’s lifestyle. So, she said she was pregnant and for one month and two months and three months, we talked about her and I having this child. She had the pills in her hand. You know these pills, that if you take it, it’s a wrap, the baby’s gone. So, I was sitting up in Paris and I had my leather pants on.
Kanye West: (23:19)
You already know if you got leather pants on, you already know who this person must think they are, right? And I’m in the apartment where my wife was actually robbed and I had my laptop that got all of my creative ideas. I got my shoes, I got my sound cover, I got communities, I got clothes, I got all this and the screen was black and white. And God said, If you f*** with my vision, I’m going to f*** with yours. And I called my wife and she said we’re going to have this baby. I said we’re going to have this child.
Kanye West: (24:03)
I know people who are 50 years old that didn’t have children. They didn’t have that child. That have never got to experience the level, the level of joy that I’ve experienced in having a child. So even if my wife were to divorce me, after this speech, she brought North into the world, even when I didn’t want to. She stood up and she protected that child.
Kanye West: (24:30)
You know who else protected a child? Who do you think might’ve protected a child? 43 years ago, who protected a child? My mom. My mom saved my life. My dad wanted to abort me. My mom saved my life. There would have been no Kanye West because my dad was too busy.
Kanye West: (24:58)
.
Audience: (24:58)
We love you Kanye.
Kanye West: (24:58)
I almost killed my daughter. I almost killed my daughter.
Kanye West: (28:50)
And then they said to me, You can’t, you can’t tell them about this story, you’re going to lose your drop deal. They made me put a  deal over my daughter. They made me put an Adidas deal over my daughter. They’re going to run this. They’re going to try to tell you that I’m crazy, the world’s crazy. I love my daughter.
Kanye West: (28:50)
My idea…no, no, no. Everyone quiet down. No more Plan B, Plan A. Anyone who is pregnant, you have an option of $50,000 a year that I will support with the organizations that I make, to take care of the child. You have the Plan A option. Are you saying no, you can’t have a Plan A option?
Audience: (28:50)
No.
Kanye West: (28:50)
Calm down everyone. Calm down. Everyone be quiet.
Speaker 1: (28:51)
What about women who got raped? What about women with mental illness?  What about our right to take care of a kid? You want them to take care of a kid? Are you, is that what you’re proposing? $50,000 a year for what? For a crazy lady to take care of a baby?
Kanye West: (28:51)
Now everyone be quiet so you can hear us. . Steve Jobs is adopted. You are adopted. You are adopted. It actually, the whole thing is villages. It takes a village to raise a child. No matter how much money you have, you need grandmothers, you need friends, you need people.
Speaker 1: (28:51)
Single moms with no family. Single moms…
Kanye West: (28:51)
Exactly. Because the society has been set up for single moms to not have a village, to not have a job. . How many people have to drive 45 minutes to get to their job here? So, I moved to a small town in Cody, Wyoming where people can walk. A four-year-old can walk from school to home safely. We, there’s a lot of policies that only relate to what Rockefeller, du Pont, and Cotton set up. You understand what you guys are talking…you guys might want to say in front of me, f*** you Kanye. You realize that I am putting my life on the line for the truth. Right now.
Audience: (28:51)
Yes.
Speaker 1: (28:51)
Kanye, I love you. . You are one of the most creative guys on planet Earth, but I also disagree with you on Planned Parenthood. I don’t think we should get rid of Plan B. I don’t think we should get rid of abortions.
Kanye West: (28:51)
Let me tell you. The Bible says…
Speaker 1: (28:56)
The Bible says a lot of things. The Bible says a lot of things. Jesus had 12 male disciples and that Mary Magdalene was a prostitute..
Kanye West: (29:10)
When I said I had….. Amber Rose. People told me to not date this woman because she was a stripper. There was a lot of comparison to Mary Magdalene. We went to the Vatican together and there was a painting by Raphael and the Christian community might not like this, but there was a smudge next to Jesus at The Last Supper. And the person who showed the painting said, that was Mary. And Amber Rose saw that and started crying. She saw that, that the church tried to erase those who weren’t good enough as they saw it in the world.
Kanye West: (30:06)
Amber started crying when she saw that. That’s what I mean by that. Jesus loved all people. And when people talk about profanity and different things and God wants us to create is what I’m saying. But in the state that we live in right now, we eat meat, I hunt meat. In the Garden of Eden we didn’t have to. In this state right now if someone is raped in the…I understand why someone would make the choice of getting a divorce. I mean getting a divorce , I mean of getting an abortion.
Kanye West: (30:39)
I understand if a person, if a father, is not there. And I’ll be done with this point in about two minutes, let me get it out. I understand if a person is in an impoverished community, why, or if they are impoverished they can’t afford their fifth or sixth or their seventh child, or even their first child. I understand the situation that someone would be in. God would still make it rain. God will make it rain and those people who have never met someone who has said, I had this child and it was the worst thing.
Kanye West: (31:16)
People always say, God made a way. I had this child and it was the best thing. Society has set it up in a way where we feel that God won’t make a way. When I was 53 million dollars in debt, I was in the crazy home and as soon as I say Jesus name out loud, he gave me increase. He gave me a platform, he gave me sanity, he gave me clarity to be able to speak not on the word of Yeezus and Yeso like in a rap, but on the word of Jesus and community and family. So what I’m saying is, we understand, we’re not going to go back to women having to go in an alley and do crazy type of things. We understand the conditions. We understand the conditions of black people in America and why we break every store that’s there. We understand the conditions.
Kanye West: (32:03)
Break every store that’s there. We understand the conditions of women in America. We understand that we live in a white supremacist world, and until that is equalized, people stand on rights that make them more equal. The idea of a woman having a choice, I understand because it says “Hey, I can do this stuff.”
Kanye West: (32:24)
When a black man breaks, gets mad, raps, plays ball, wears gold chains. I got gold teeth. My bottom teeth are removed for my gold teeth, and partially it’s because I can do that.  So I understand the risk. And here goes the liberals, “He compared abortion to gold teeth.” Hey, let me explain something to liberals, though.
Georgia: (33:00)
What are you? Nothing? 
Kanye West: (33:07)
I am Christian, but also I am a listener. You cannot lead without listening. This is the reason… What’s your name? This is the reason why Georgia, where I was born, must express their self. People saw me put up a tweet where I showed the six month baby.
Speaker 2: (33:18)
Why’d you delete it?
Kanye West: (33:24)
Because I was pressured by the forces that were around me. Now what I’m saying is, I’ve even heard that they can abort a baby up to eight months, but I wanted to show everyone… In the same way when I got into a car accident, and I showed a picture of my face, I wanted to show everyone exactly what the six month baby that is legal to be destroyed in  looked like. And then I got social media backlash. Bot, I backstroke the backlash.
Kanye West: (34:00)
What I want to say is, I understand with where we are today, why if a woman was raped, why… You see, but the thing is, let me give you an example. Women love My Body, My Choice. That is a great example.  Does anyone know  TMZ.
Speaker 2: (34:23)
F*** TMZ!
Kanye West: (34:23)
 quiet down, right? So let’s say when the baby is conceived, at that point it is a soul. It is a real, living thing. That six month year old baby, that’s a real living thing. Do we agree that that was a real baby? That six month old baby?
Audience: (34:35)
Yeah.
Kanye West: (34:37)
Okay, so My Body, My Choice. Say we were to separate with the baby’s mama and y’all had an argument, and you got a one year old. Be like, basically um, 18 months older than the tweet I sent out. Y’all get in an argument and she says, “My house, my choice. I’m going to kill your child.” You know what I’m saying? Because when a baby is accepted, it is real. It is real at that point, says I. I don’t give a f*** if I win presidency or not. You know what I’m saying? I’m not here to .
Kanye West: (35:23)
I care that it’s homeless people in front of the Gucci store. I care that it’s people that are put in situations where they will never know how much  because the way society sets things up. I care about these things and I am in service to God. I don’t know, I’m like an employee  this weekend. Nothing will happen to me because God has the plan for us, as his people, to be finally free. 
Kanye West: (35:34)
How do we disobey? When we kill, we disobey. How else do we disobey?
Speaker 2: (35:34)
When we steal.
Georgia: (35:34)
When we lie.
Kanye West: (35:34)
When we steal. How else?
Georgia: (35:34)
When we lie.
Kanye West: (35:34)
Lie.
Audience: (35:34)
Cheat.
Kanye West: (36:06)
When we cheat. When we not love our neighbor. These are these things. Politics, America, Trump, Biden, nor Kanye West can free us. The only thing that can free us is by obeying the rules that were given to us for a promised land.  I don’t think the last…  a woman who stood up here and we have the perspective of so many women in the world. You get the last word.
Audience: (36:53)
 Talk up!  
Kanye West: (37:19)
Wait, wait, wait. Everybody, if everyone just got quiet while Georgia talks, this would be over right now. And if this is over right now, guess what else is over right now? I’m over. And if I’m over right now, guess what else is over. The country’s over right now. Everyone pay the same respect to Georgia that you paid to me. She openly opened up to you guys, to me, on a platform and said she had an abortion a few months ago. And her maternal instincts were that she wanted to have the baby, but she felt she couldn’t support the baby on $9 minimum wage.
Georgia: (38:04)
I just think my . I don’t think we should say .
Kanye West: (38:20)
Let me explain something to you guys. My stance is not to make abortion illegal at all. It should always be legal, but there should be an option of maximum increase for . Abortion should be legal, because guess what? The law is not by God even. So what’s legality? 30 states still execute men that did not do the crime that they are being executed for, and modern day mass incarceration is slavery. In 2020, abortion should be legal, but the option of maximum increase should be available. 
Kanye West: (39:14)
Maximum increase would be everybody that has a baby gets a million dollars, or something like that.  Oh, wait, wait. Says the person that’s worked five . We would fund it from other countries. With other continents. There are Israeli continents that you do not believe. There are African continents that, the African continent, the continent of Africa. Israel and Africa that would fund a concept like this. 
Kanye West: (39:57)
When you put an idea out. I remember I was supposed to do a couple songs at the MTV Awards, right? And then I said, “Bro.” And then what else did I say? I said, “Listen to the , bro. Listen to the kids, bro.” And are we running in 2020?
Audience: (40:29)
Yep. Yeah.
Kanye West: (40:31)
Okay, so tell me this. If you had had the opportunity to be given a million dollars just for being pregnant, would you have considered? And then everybody would start making children? The greatest gift of life? Maybe there would be a million children on this f***ing beautiful place?  But wait a minute, calm down, calm down. So she’s saying I don’t have the funding… Wait a second. Be quiet for a second, please. I do not have the funding for it, but I have the platform to present the idea for those who do. 
Kanye West: (41:12)
Let me elaborate on that. But the thing is, the first thing I said was, “I’m about a  thousand dollar stipend,” but that’s not going to work because I just listened to what Georgia said. Georgia said, “Okay, this person is mentally ill. This person is .” Then I went into the designing community and said that it takes a village to raise a child. It’s not simply a money situation; it is a people situation. It is a heart situation. It is a spirituality situation. It is a God situation. It is a family situation. Money can’t fix things. Money’s not even real. Is bit coin real? Does the gold back the money? At what point can someone just pressed delete and turn the lights out, all the electricity? Did you guys seen New York go dark? Did you guys see World Trade Center go down? Did you guys see all jobs stop for six months? So no one can tell me what God can’t do and what God will do. 
Kanye West: (42:27)
One second, one moment. He was waiting. We got five minutes.  wait a second. You need to hear this.  this woman was sent by God and is so brave to be able to tell you her story. The fact that she was willing to stand up in front of all of you guys and tell you she had an abortion, to make the point of how important it was for her to have the option as a woman because she did not have the resources in order to have a baby as she felt. This woman is so brave. Georgia, can we make a hand for Georgia right now?
Kanye West: (43:19)
We got, we’re going to have to, you’re very . Come up here, you’re third.  I’ve got five minutes. I apologize, guys, but we have all the time in the world. We have all the questions.  Wait a second. I must  that I did smoke a little bit last night.  Every women or man who are charged with marijuana will be free.  Light up right now.  Wait a second. We have five more minutes. You’ve been waiting on this stage for about 17 minutes. What’s your name, sir? Gary, you’re waiting. Gary, Indiana, we about to bring that  Michael Jackson’s home. Oh, I’m sorry. 
Audience: (43:19)
I love Michael!
Kanye West: (43:19)
Oh, do we still love Michael?
Audience: (45:11)
Yeah! 
Kanye West: (45:11)
Do y’all love Cosby? Y’all love Bill Cosby?
Audience: (45:17)
Yeah! 
Kanye West: (45:17)
Be quiet. He’s talking about opioids.
Gary: (45:17)
I want to talk about opioids and .
Audience: (45:17)
Speak up!
Gary: (45:17)
It’s like the treatment. We’re addicted to the treatment.
Kanye West: (45:55)
And by the way, we’re getting addicted to the treatment of the endorphins. Hey, how many times y’all looked up what y’all likes are when you post something? That’s a form of treatment. Y’all getting treated. In Chicago, we call that “getting treated”. When y’all get to comment number eight, who is that person? You don’t even know who that person is.
Audience: (46:13)
Nobody!
Kanye West: (46:14)
That’s the person that’s influencing you, because when you hear bad things about yourself, about a photo, it make you want to up the photo. You want to Photoshop it. You want to 
Gary: (46:14)
I’m saying we’re addicted to the treatment. They’re trying to .
Kanye West: (46:14)
What I said, this is the solution to make it more, to have  more money. Big pharms. We just need to make big pharms. There’s a solution for big pharm. There’s a solution with that. I tell you this, I’m not going up against big pharm; I would die. They would kill me. But I tell you this, sitting next to them, I would make them more money. I would make them more prosperous, but we got to do it in a way where we balance holistic and modernity.  Okay, Aisha’s comment is on gun violence in the United States. I live on a 4,000 ranch and I can shoot AR15s all day, day, day, night without going to jail and it feels weird because I grew up in Chicago.
Kanye West: (48:00)
Because I grew up in Chicago where if you use one of the guns, that was strategically placed in your community for you to get locked, you will end up going to jail. I was talking to a fellow billionaire, and he talked about…no I don’t want to use his name. Hey bro, I told you I ain’t finna use his name. You told me to use his name. You think I work for you?
Kanye West: (48:07)
No that’s what I’m talking about. I told…don’t step up but what’s your name? Tell the people what your name is. .
Kanye West: (48:07)
Hey, guess what? Jesus saved the name. I’ll tell you what.
Kanye West: (48:07)
Real talk. Real talk. Young violence. I tell all my friends I know a place where you can shoot guns for free. Shooting guns are fun. .People are getting guns at age six. If you guys put down all your weapons, what happens if other countries and all media and all China…I actually couldn’t say. When other countries come in and you have no weapons, what do you think is going to happen? We are slaves. These random women know how to fire a firearm. They are trained to do this. Guns don’t kill people. People kill people.
Kanye West: (49:50)
When I talked to the billionaire…it was another white man I got to be specific. When we moved to the inner cities it was because of the industrial revolution. The industrial revolution is over with now. It’s time to move again. If you have agriculture as your business, you get taxes breaks. Tesla, the original Tesla said that earth is a giant generator. God has given us freedom. You can feed your family and survive off of earth, wind, fire and  through proper engineering. But the education and the schools and these textbooks that have been given to you, have you ever got a textbook that said “Okay you can buy a hundred acres for a hundred thousand dollars in middle America and you can farm and feed your family?” Has there ever been a class on that? But guess what? There’s a reason…would you agree that there’s a reason why there’s never been a class on that?
Kanye West: (51:14)
Because ever time I talk, you’re directly behind me saying something. What I’m saying is, what I ask for specifically is that when you talk, you talk all the way through. When Kerry talks, he talks all the way through. What I’ve told you, the whole time I’m talking to a hundred people, two hundred…it started with a hundred people it’s down to  people. And every time that you make a comment .
Kanye West: (52:53)
And you are adding to the attention of them not understanding . That’s what I’m asking you. His name is Shiloh, you want to speak up? Are you done with COVID, okay?
Shiloh: (53:36)
I have two questions. Two quick questions. First question, I want you to elaborate on the  free of slaves and how . Second question, you believe so strongly in the bible, how do you think about .
Kanye West: (54:36)
I will start the meeting once everyone is completely quiet. Two questions. You got two questions bro, put your hands down. Put your hands down. I’m going to answer these two questions. I was supposed to leave 10 minutes ago. These are good questions. Put your hands down. Put your hands down. I hear you questions. I heard you sir. You don’t think I know how to listen? . No they know everyone’s irrelevant around me. I heard you the first time. No, no. She got some problems. I heard you the first time. No you don’t gap me. On God.
Kanye West: (59:38)
I appreciate that. I got two major, awesome, incredible…you… disrespecting .
Kanye West: (59:38)
You know what…you know what’s so funny? . We always so concerned about how skinny we are. That’s how I got plastic surgery. We always concerned about how good we speak English when it’s not our original language. We always concerned about how good we look and not embarrassing each other in front of an all white country that we work for. And don’t own anything in it. You stay looking bad…I believe we’re all beautiful. It’s not about how we look. It’s about our hearts. It’s about what’s in our souls.
Kanye West: (59:38)
Now, pause for a minute. If I was Trump I would have called you sister soldiers or something. But that’s not my vibe. Pause for a minute. You are the planned person that was sitting here like at TMZ to f*** my rally up. Be quiet.
Kanye West: (59:38)
I’m trying to answer a question and you are doing what the guy did to me at TMZ. You want to be that same person? And your face is covered so we don’t even know who you are.
Kanye West: (59:38)
400 years is related to the bible.  African American slavery. Slaves to Hebrews and the Egyptians. But we use that term loosely. Like we say “Jesus” anytime we want. But we got educated, we’re going to have to understand that we need to educate ourselves about what that means.
Kanye West: (59:38)
You probably with the press out there. You probably one of them. Hey, somebody go grab him, and take him out.
Kanye West: (59:39)
Give me a second to answer these two questions. I was supposed to leave 20 minutes ago. Now the thing is, I am not going to pacify you with things that I do not believe in. But I will not put laws on things that you do believe in, but you don’t have no other opportunity to do anything else. I am not that kind of Christian. Jesus loved everyone. Jesus loved gay people. Jesus loved everyone. There’s a lot of Christians that feel like oh Jesus is against gay people. How could Jesus be  black church. That’s some true sh**.
Kanye West: (01:00:19)
Everybody’s family…everybody has everybody. Everybody’s got some holier than thou worth. . Everybody got that one uncle that go to the money, the viral. Everybody got the one uncle that was touching the kids. Everybody got the one uncle…everybody. Everybody’s family…we all are imperfect human beings . Jesus loves everyone. He does not discriminate against anyone. Now the Harriet Tubman thing is, I’m sick of this black iconography being used by white organization for us to look up to and say “This is us.” I do not…I own 100% of the Yeezy trademark, but up until now Adidas was getting 85%. And now after this, they either out of business with me or they going to get 10%. I decided not to not make it 15. I decided to make it 10.
Kanye West: (01:01:12)
That was extremely good. That was extremely bad. I’m going to win in 2020. Out.Embed