12 ContributorsWho Dat Lyrics
(Yeah ya'll must done lost ya'll mind)
Shawty Redd on the track
(Aye bruh)
(they rappin' like you... makin' beats like me?)
I hear 'em nigga
Shawty Redd on the track
I trap all day trap all night
Money all day I count money all night
I count money all night...
Dope dream cuz I dream about white

Why they keep sayin' (YEAH)?
Ion even know...
I got court tomorrow
I don't need to go
I don't need a show...
I got shit to do
Only God can judge me...
Who the fuck is you?
They say who dat? (who dat?)
Nigga we dat (we dat)
Today is trey day so I guess I'm tryin' to three dat
Never have I ever served a nigga where he sleep at...
D's be at ya door nigga you ain't tryin to see that...
See my suicide watch stay on suicide watch....
Kill ya'self yeah them suicide rocks... (YEAH)
Had the nerve to write me a dear Young letter...
Killin' em Young you shoulda known better (haha)
I paid too much
You niggas play too much
Let the swag do the talking I don't say too much
You niggas sayin' too much
Mr. 175 you niggas payin' too much
You might also like
They say who dat? (who dat?)
Nigga we dat (we dat)
Shawty Redd on the track...
They say who dat? (who dat?)
Nigga we dat (we dat)
Reportin' live from the trap
They say who dat? (who dat?)
Nigga we dat (who dat?)
Shawty redd on the track
They say who dat? (who dat?)
Nigga we dat (who dat?)
Young live from the trap!

I don't chase no broads I chase money and vodka...
Next time I re-up I'mma buy me a chopper...
And I ain't talkin AK's I'm talkin shit wit propellers
Fly to the club make my old bitch jealous...
Thug motivation this is straight celebration
I see Gizzle in his chopper outside Central Station
This ain't a mixtape but the tape's mixed
Black tape red tape all on one brick...
Get it on the flo' get get it on the flo'
Last night I swear to God half a million on the flo'
Fell asleep on the money like a pillow on the flo'
Woke up got money had to get it off the flo'
Dey say who dat? Nigga we dat
Shawty Redd on the track
Dey say who dat? Nigga we dat
Reportin' live from the trap
Dey say who dat? Nigga we dat
Shawty Redd on the track
They say who dat? Nigga we dat
Young live on da track

What you know about twenty grand stuffed in a white sock?
Pull off in a white drop like I play for the White Sox
Play with them white blocks play with them white squares...
You call it what you want who the fuck cares?
I don't never sleep (why?) too paranoid...
State of paranoia, all I do is call my lawyer
Tell 'em I know them niggas that might have a lil' trouble
Ok you knows me if you beat it I pay you double
Ya'll niggas knows me if I want to I make it double
Just know it's water whipped so you might have a lil trouble...
Might move a little slower might get a few complaints
Say he ran outta gas he might need a half a tank
Thank God it's Friday fresh off the highway...
Seen too many's out he bout to pull in the driveway
Where? In the driveway - take the work out, cut the duct tape...
Check the work out - YOUNG
I keep tryin' to tell y'all man
Y'all need to find y'all own style homie!
We do this, we been doin' it for years
Who dat? We dat
Ha hah1Embed