4 Contributors​machiavelli Lyrics
(I have to kill you now)
(R. E. E. F.)
(R. E. E. F.)
(R. E. E. F. bitch)
(Reef, bitch)
(Ha, no cap, ugh, go)

How 'bout you give it up
It don't get better than Reef
You was better off watching the cinema
Money for bond if I turn to a visitor
Y'all versus me, eh, the chances are minimum
Remember when I put it on God, that ain't normal
You get whacked 'bout a bitch like I'm Greg Norman
I'll lay down the hood like I'm George Foreman
Akorn till the morning I'm still pouring
Lil brother ODed on a thrill and they still mourning
Gave this bitch a year and she still boring
You could cut off my hands, boy I'm still scoring
They been sleep on the kid and they still snoring
Bill Cosby, it's fuck 'em
My lil sniper from outta the states, so I call his ass Tris Cucker (Chris Tucker)

Hunnids and fifties, lil reefer just rap about money
What if I was spitting 'bout titties, my lil brother die 'bout some titties
Or maybe a bunny, I'm fresh out the tomb like a mummy
You fresh out the womb 'cause I'm fucking yo mummy
X made me crash like a dummy, get to that cash like I'm Dami
Promethazine looking pissy, the Glock told him nose, now he runny
You might also like
Rock 'bout a check, I'll kill for a band
Just land in Japan and flew back with a tan
If I'm claiming the G.O.A.T, then I'm sorry I am
My sniper on timing, I bought him a A.P
Now I call him AP Sam-I-Am, 'cause he turn they brain to eggs and ham
If I was in Creed, I'm not throwing hands
This T-33'll leave shit in his pants

Sipping Rosé, I could really give a fuck 'bout what a hoe say
I don't play 'bout closure, she ride the pickle and shit like its kosher
I come first like a brochure, or a brochure
You had a band on you, why you cut your bro short?
I deliver new sons like a pro stork
Bitch, I'm in a Cullinan, you still driving a old Ford
(Couldn't be me)

Or maybe it could
I keep that bitch on me, I'm good
I'm stuffing a trey in the wood
Sippin' Hi-Tech boy, the cup been on blood
Did you hear your new shit? That shit was a dud
King Reef, Gen-Z King Tut
Glock 19, Gen 3, better duck
Hop in that foreign and burn the bitch up
I got a X pill belly, I'm in the vile, pussy, no nelly
Bitch get off yo phone, we in the telly
The chop came pink, my Machine Gun Kelly
Smucker up boy this bitch kiss you and turn you to jelly
And bag up ya belly, god damn, I feel like Machiavelli
Piss in the cup boy, I'm sipping R Kelly
Hurricane Katrina, Audemar Skelly

Fuck a bullet I want proof, they ain't know I was bulletproof
I woke up in space, dozed off in a Range Rover
I wake up and spit, I'd be pissed 'bout a hangover

Hunnids and fifties, lil' reefer just rap about money
What if I was spitting 'bout titties, my lil brother die 'bout some titties
Or maybe a bunny, I'm fresh out the tomb like a mummy
You fresh out the womb 'cause I'm fucking yo mummy
X made me crash like a dummy, get to that cash like I'm Dami
Promethazine looking pissy, the Glock told him nose, now he runny

Rock 'bout a check I'll kill for a band
Just land in Japan and flew back with a tan
If I'm claiming the G.O.A.T, then I'm sorry I am
My sniper on timing, I bought him a A.P
Now I call him AP Sam-I-Am, cause he turn they brain to eggs and ham
If I was in Creed, I'm not throwing hands
This T-33'll leave shit in his pants
(I have to kill you now)Embed