55 ContributorsParty Life Lyrics
Ohhhhhhhhhhh, I like the party life! (Break out the red lights) (Welcome to the party life)
The big city in bright light (Welcome to the 70's)
The pretty girl dressed in the skintight (Sweeeet)

Ordered some Patreezy, while talking to this breezy
Brushing off my three-piece, I make this look too easy
So tall and lanky, my suit, it should thank me
I make it look good to be this hood, Meyer Lansky
Mixed with Lucky Lefty, gangster effortlessly
Papa was a rolling stone, it's in my an-ces-try
I'm in a whole 'nother league, niggas never catch me
And I sport fly shit, I should win the ESPY

When you're blue, and got nothing to do
Welcome to the party life
If you're feeling low, we got to see the glow
Head into the party life

Hahahah... Baby I said 'I-I sport, fly shit
I should win the ESPY'
I'm really in another league, babe
I got a slick mouth, you might wanna roll with me
You might also like
I'm on the bra strap, she's on my dick
Ain't nothing wrong with that, that's my biiitch!
I be the boss of that, I'm on her shit
So all you niggas fall back, I'll split ya wiiig
She's my little quarterback, ya dig
'Cause I'm all that in the sack, yeah, ya dig
I spoiled her, foiled it if you faking Jack
She's used to million dollar vacations
Fuck y'all gon' do with that?

When you're blue, and got nothing to do
Welcome to the party life
If you're feeling low, we got to see the glow
Get into the party life
Ay baby, see
When you're used to filet mignon
It's kinda hard to go back to Hamburger Helper
It's your choice though baby
Head into the party life

(Is you rolling, rolling, rolling?)
Yeah, baby, is you rolling?
Head into the party life
You can stall out or ball out
(Is you rolling, rolling, rolling?)
Make a choice
(​​​​​​​​Heading-heading to the party life)
It's so gangster, baby
Sipping on my vino got me cooler than Pacino
And De Niro put together my real life is like Casino
They should pay me for some B-roll
Taking G-strolls through the ghee-tto
When rap-pap-pap-pid fire's just a necessary evil
Hola Ho-vi-to, cooler than ze-ro
Be-low, fresh one blade, no chemo
Art with no easel, please it's no equal
Your boy's Off the Wall these other niggas is Tito

Ohhh... I like the party life!
The city in bright lights
Little girls dressed in the skintight

Damn! Ay baby I said I'm
I'm "Off the Wall" I'm like a young Michael Jackson
These other niggas is Tito
Shout out to Randy, hehehehe
Real talk !

When you're blue, and got nothing to do
Welcome to the party life
If you're feeling low, we got to see the glow
Head into the party life
I'ma just let this ride out
I might let it ride out for like seven minutes
You can groove to it, whatever
Get your two step - AOWWW!
Guru, turn the lights down
Let's keep it smooth
This that shit you roll up, like a lil' tight J to
Sip your lil' wine, whatever your vice is y'know
Whatever you like to do
Get into your comfort zone baby, get into yo' comfort zone

When you're blue, and got nothing to do
Welcome to the party life
If you're feeling low, we got to see the glow
Head into the party life

Head into the party life
I don't even want it to stop though, f'real though

Step into my bedroom, I, call it the red room
'Cau-cause it gets hot hot hot hot...
I trust you gon' like it ; see, why are we talking all this fly shit?
'Cau-cau-cau-cau-cau-cause I'm the flyest
Hovito, baby, no equal, baby
Sold perico, beat the RICO, now I'm leg-al ba-by
Hovito, baby, no equal, baby
Sold perico, beat the RICO, now can we go crazy

When you're blue, and got nothin to do
Welcome to the party life
If you're feeling low, we got to see the glow
Head into the party life
You know, nothing in the world makes me sadder
Than to see a lonely person12Embed