189 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolNote to Self Lyrics
One, two, three, four
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
And wherever we go
And whatever we do
And whatever we see
And whoever we be
It don't matter, it don't matter
I don't mind 'cause you don't matter
I don't mind 'cause I don't matter
(And don't shit matter) You'll see in the end

I've got a feeling that there's somethin' more
Something that holds us together
Something that holds us together
The strangest feeling but I can't be sure
Something that's old as forever
Something that's old as forever
Love, love, love, love
You might also like
And wherever we go
And whatever we do
And whatever we see
And whoever we be
It don't matter, ahh, it don't matter
I don't mind 'cause you don't matter, ay
I don't mind 'cause I don't matter
(And don't shit matter) You'll see in the end, ahh!
Yeah nigga, Forest Hills Drive
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah! That's it, we made it, baby!
As we speak, the last sample just cleared
Thank you to whoever in Japan, just cleared that shit
Turn my vocal up and turn the headphones down a little bit
I gotta do my thank yous man
I, I didn't have enough time to turn in my thank yous
For the, for the artwork, so fuck it, I'ma do it right now
This is the, this is the credits, this is roll credits nigga
If you don't, if you don't wanna sit through the credits
Get your ass up and walk out the movie theatre
First and foremost, my entire Dreamville team, thank you, man
Before that, I'm buggin', thank you, God! Oh my God
Everything happened too perfectly and in line, this whole thing
Thank you, God, thank my Dreamville family
Mez who fuckin' sleep right now
That nigga ain't even recording this thing right now
Nigga's been working hard man
Mez I'm proud as fuck of you man, for real you killed this shit
Ib what up? El Presidente, what up?!
We killed this shit nigga, we killed this shit nigga!
I don't give a fuck if we sell three copies nigga
We killed this shit nigga!
My nigga Adam, I'm proud of y'all man, for real
Ron Gilmore, my nigga, yes, Camille, yes that's my sister
KC, that's like a father figure right there, KC I love you man
My brother Ced, wow
We done came a long way from the Ville, my nigga Gray's Creek
My nigga Felton, you killed it
You killed that Friday Night Lights shit nigga
And you killed this one too man
I shoulda been coming to you man, hahah
You only do the classics though, that's what it is, for real
My nigga Mike Shaw shiggity
You already know where he at right now
Posted up somewhere in D.R
My nigga RJ Trump, Trump gettin' that motherfuckin' bread
You know what it is man
My nigga Diz, I see you
I see your vision, I believe in you, man. I love y'all niggas
Big D, thank you, bruh, for real (Teddy what up)
(Shotgun) We believe in y'all (Proof!) you and the fiends
My nigga Bassy Badass, Bas, Bas, Bas, I can't believe it, nigga!
(Marquis Jones) You changed your life, man, keep goin'
Keep goin', the sky is the limit
Fuck that, man, Super Mookin Fiends
It's Super Mookin Fiends, nigga!
My nigga Depp, you know what I mean?
Razzle Dazzle, ahahah
Elite, Elite, Elite, Elite, what up! (I'm bored) What up man?
My nigga Reagan put in them hours, baby!
My nigga Omen, man, Elephant Eyes
That shit is a confirmed classic, man
Dreamville, we only did confirmed classics so far, that's all we doin'
Yo, Elijah! Ayy, if we go diamond
Nigga you got the triple crown, man, hahaha
First 50, then Usher, nigga, you fuckin' out of here
But we might go wood though
Nervous Reck, man, congratulations to you, brother, I love you
(At least fuckin' silver, nigga)
FilthE, I love you too, man
I know you feel a way about me right now but I love you
Yo, shout to the young niggas, man
Forreal, we blessed to have y'all on board, man
We feel so grateful
Cozz, that Cozz and Effect is a mothafuckin' classic, nigga
I'll be ridin' my bike through Manhattan listenin' to that shit, man
I've been livin' with that shit for like the past four days
I finally got a chance to slow down
That shit is a classic, my nigga
Congratulations to you, we don't give a fuck what it sold
I don't even know what that shit sold to tell you the truth, man
And I'm proud of you, man
I'm, I'm proud of you and your homeboys, man
Y'all, it's really gon' be great to watch y'all grow
I'm appreciatin' watchin' y'all grow more than we did, man!
I get to relive it all again and actually appreciate it this time
Shout out to the whole committee, man. Tone, Meez, what up?
My nigga Money Makin Matt, what up man?
Treat them boys right, man
Everybody that was involved in makin' this album
My nigga Jack who's at the board right now, what's up, man!?
Yo, you made the album, man! We gon' live forever, man!
You gotta loop the beat up right now though 'cause it can't, ayy, okay
Raph, Wreck-It-Raph
Perfect Sound Studios, L.A., we couldn't have did it without you
My nigga Dave Linaburg, Nate Jones, Yolanda, TS
Kaye Fox came through and killed it
My nigga Quick with the clean versions
Vinylz killed that beat!
My nigga Phonix, oh, that beat is hard!
Dahi brought that beat, who does that?
Pop & Oak, my nigga Pop, thank you, man
And nigga Willie B, I never met you, but you did the beat
!llmind, you killed the beat, Social Experiment
My nigga Jeff on the guitar, you know what I mean?
Nuno did the mothafuckin' strings, I appreciate that shit, man!
We gon' pay you, hey, the horn players that came through
I don't know y'all names but y'all killed that shit, man
We was lovin' that shit!
CharGaux, the girls on the mothafuckin' strings
We appreciate it, that session was a little wild, I ain't gon' lie
Uh, maybe that was my fault, I set y'all up with Wreck-It-Raph
But it's all good, we still killed it though
And all the mothafuckin' samples that cleared, thank you
Y'all be tryin' to give a nigga a hard time on the samples, man!
I'ma go to the fuckin' Supreme Court
And try to make this shit easier for niggas like me to clear these samples, man
If you made the fuckin' music, and you made the art
And you put it into the world
I should be able to use it however the fuck I want
I'ma pay you, I'ma give you a percentage
But you shouldn't be able to tell me I can't use it
Yeah, that's fuckin', that's fucked up, nigga
You was inspired by the world
Allow the world to be inspired by your shit and to use your shit
So all them people like The fucking Doors
Or whoever that don't let niggas use they shit: fuck that, man
It's 2014, 2015 by the time you might hear this shit
Fuck that, man, we movin' on
Man, shout out Drizzy Drake, Kendrick Lamar, Wale
I'm so happy to be peers with y'all niggas and consider y'all niggas friends
And I'm sorry I had to come snatch the crown right quick
I had to do it to show niggas it ain't no more motherfuckin' crowns man
We gotta be the example, we gotta show these niggas man
It's love at the top
Can't you believe, it's crazy to believe we sitting right here
In these motherfuckin' seats right now
Fifteen years ago, we was lookin' at these niggas
Like, "Man we gotta be these niggas!"
Now we those niggas
But it's our responsibility to show these niggas man it's love up here
Niggas want beef, niggas want drama
Fuck that we comin' together
Shout out to everybody in Ferguson right now still ridin', still ridin'
Everybody else asleep, y'all still ridin'
And it's bigger than Ferguson, man that shit is fuckin' nationwide man
We gotta come together, look at each other, love each other
And feel like we are one another
We share a common story nigga, that shit is pain, struggle
And guess what man? We can come together
And that's one things that's gon' do it, that's love
I'm just telling y'all, that's a Public Service Announcement
Back to this shit, yo
ByStorm, I love y'all niggas man, no matter what
Wayne, Just, Mark, Gucci, you my big brother forever
It don't even matter the business nigga, it's bigger than that
MK, thank you man, you came on board and killed it
Natalya, what's up?!
My nigga Julius Garcia, I already shouted you out
But I shouted out your alias
And I just put your whole government on record
And this gon' live forever
Tisha, Tisha, you know I love you, Tisha!
Future the Prince, thank you for those conversations man I needed that
Roc Nation damn, we feel like a family now man, forreal
It was always family but it's so ill to see us come together on this album
Thank y'all very much man, thank y'all for believing
I know this is a scary idea
I don't know if it's gonna work or not, as I speak
I don't gave a fuck man! I'm just happy we did this shit
Shout out to Nelly, Ted, Christina
Chaka I love you, Jeff what up?, Jay Z, Hov, holla!
Jay Brown, what up?! Rich Kleiman, Ty-Ty
My nigga Emory, you know what it is
Shout out to Interscope, yeah, Joey I.E., 'preciate you
Janet, Gary, Steve Berman, yeah
Columbia, we love y'all man
Damn, I'm runnin' out of breath and shit
I'm sad this is my last album with Columbia
It's not my fault it's all contractual, but I love the fuck out of y'all
We made relationships there that ain't never going away (Lisa Wiggins!)
And you never know what the future holds man
We hope we can do business some day
April, thank you very much, baby
Ayelet, you are a legend, we fuckin' love you
CJ, same to you man, y'all been killin' this shit for years
Thank you man, thank you
Rob Stringer, thank you, sir, Joel Klaiman, yessir
The whole sales team, production, marketing team
My man B Nolan who drove us around in a fuckin' van
And a SUV, and showed us all about the radio game, man
And we ain't had no hits, all we had was fuckin' "Who Dat"
Tryin' figure this shit out man and I figured it out
B Nolan, I finally figured it out
I know you like "Damn, this nigga talking to me?"
I'm talking to you man
'Cause you used to hear us stressin' over this shit
And I finally figured it out, man, don't none of that shit matter yo
I came all this way, all the way from Fayetteville, North Carolina
Went to New York City got this motherfuckin' record deal
Put out some classics, put out some singles
Had my ups, had my downs
Came all this way just to learn one thing man
Only one fuckin' thing matters and that's your happiness
And the only way you gon' get to that happiness
Is through love, real, genuine, motherfuckin' love man
Not the fake shit, not the Hollywood shit
Not the niggas giving you props so you think you the shit
Not motherfuckers knowing you so you think you famous
Not niggas seeing your whip and they want your whip
So you feel good 'cause they want your whip
Or they want your bitch, so you feel better, fuck that, real love
Where your crib is at nigga, where your heart is at
Where your home is at, where your mom is at, where your girl is at
Mimi, what up?! I'm fuckin' up my words, I don't care
How am I not gon' shout out Mimi man?
Fuck that shit, keep the tape rollin', we still goin', wassup man?!
Forest Hills Drive, we gon' do this shit
If you ain't listening to this shit, I don't give a fuck
Nigga it's the fuckin' credits
Don't nobody stay for the movie credits anyways man
My mama, ohhhhhhh! I love you!
I'm so grateful and blessed to have you, still in my life
A lot of people ain't got their mothers in they life still
And I recognize that I'm blessed
Mama, I love you, Zach I love you
My pops I love you. James Cole, I love you,
Jackie I love ya, my whole family, I love ya
I'm so grateful man, thank y'all
It all came full circle and I had to put this shit out in 2014
We barely made, yo Ib, we barely made it nigga
We barely fuckin' made it but we fuckin' made it man
Fuck y'all, but I love y'all at the same time man, hoo!
Man look, y'all really wanna know who did it?
I'ma tell y'all who did this shit man
Man, Dale Earnhardt Jr. dawg
I'm, yo, I'm never gon' forget, this is gonna sound crazy
But I'm never gonna forget that shit you told me, yo
For real, Dale Earnhardt Jr. man, thank you dawg
From the bottom of my heart
That shit you said to me changed my life man
And I ain't gon' never forget, ever forreal
For real Dale, from me to you, you my nigga man, forreal
I love you boy. And Jonah Hill! Oh, Jonah Hill!
How could I forget Jonah Hill?!
Yo, that shit you told me when we was in the elevator
Nigga, that shit changed my, ahahah, I'm just fuckin' playin'
I don't know either one of those two dudes, hahaha
I don't know either one of them niggas
It just was, it was, I was in the moment
I just lied, I don't give a fuck—
2014 Forest Hills Drive, ahaha
Cole World man, thank y'all for listening
If you made it this far, then I really fuck with you
Until the next time, I don't know when that's gonna be but
One love baby!
Love, love, love, love142Embed