135 ContributorsCan It Be All So Simple / Intermission Lyrics
: Fuck yo, we gotta get this fucking loot baby
We gotta get this loot
Yo back, remember back in the days
When shit, everything was all smooth and calm and shit was like
: Smoke that bone, nigga
: Yo man, yo I'm doing it God, I'm doing it man
I'm saying, back in like in '70, fucking '79
: Everybody was on your line man
: Nah, '87, that was my favorite shit God
Polo shit, everything, everything was lovely
Yo get the fuck out the rain nigga
Oh shit, who the fuck is that? Fuck
Ayo Ghost, ayo Rae, what's up with y'all niggas?
Man, what the fuck you nigga, ah

Hey, you know, everybody's talking about the "good old days," right? Everybody! The good old days
Well, let's talk about the good old days!

Know what I'm sayin'?
Take you on this lyrical high real quick
1993 exoticness, know what I'm sayin'?
Let's get technical; where's your bone at?
Get up on that shit, a'ight? Yo!
You might also like
Started off on the island, aka Shaolin
Niggas wilin', gun shots thrown, the phone diallin'
Back in the days, I'm 8 now
Makin' a tape now, Rae gotta get a plate now
Ignorant and mad young, wanted to be the one
'Til I got (Blaow! Blaow! Blaow!) felt one
Yeah, my pops was a fiend since 16
Shootin' that "that's that shit!" in his blood stream
That's the life of a grimy, real-life crimey
And niggas know that habit's behind me
Day one, yo, growin' all up in the ghetto
Now I'm a weed fiend jettin' to Palmetto
In Medina, yo, no doubt, the god got crazy clout
Pushin' the big joint from down South
So if you're filthy stacked up, better watch your back and duck
'Cause these fiends, they got it cracked up
Now my man from up North, now he got the loft
It's solid as a rock and crazy salt
No jokes, I'm not playin', get his folks
Desert Eagle his dick and put him in a yoke
And to know for sure, I got reck and rip shop
I pointed a gat at his mother's knot
(Yo, Rae, don't do that shit, man! Don't do that shit!)
Fuck that!
Dedicated to the winners and the losers
(Dedicated to all Jeeps and Land Cruisers)
Can it be that it was all so simple then?
Dedicated to the 5's, 850i's
(Dedicated to niggas who do drive-by's)
Can it be that it was all so simple then?
Dedicated to the Lexus and the Ac's
(Dedicated to MPV's: phat!)

Kickin' the fly clichés, doin' duets with Rae and A
Happens to make my day
Though I'm tired of bustin' off shots, havin' to rock knots
Runnin' up in spots and makin' shit hot
I'd rather flip shows instead of those
Hangin' on my livin' room wall, my first joint and it went gold!
I want to lamp, I want to be in the shade
Plus the spotlight, gettin' my dick rode all night
I want to have me a phat yacht
And enough land to go and plant my own sess crops
But for now it's just a big dream
'Cause I find myself in a place where I'm last seen
My thoughts must be relaxed, be able to maintain
'Cause times is changed and life is strange
The glorious days is gone and everybody's doin' bad
Yo, mad lives is up for grabs
Brothers passin' away, I gotta make wakes
Receivin' all types of calls from Upstate
Yo, I can't cope with the pressure, settlin' for lesser
The God left lessons on my dresser
So I can bloom and blossom, find a new way
Continue to make more hits with Rae and A
Sunshine plays a major part in the daytime
(Peace to mankind, Ghostface carry a black 9, nigga)
Word up, it's all like that… yeah

It's like this, I'ma start from the top
Inspectah Deck, he's like
He's like that dude that'll sit back and watch you
Play yourself and all that, right?
And see you sit there and know you lyin'
And he'll take you to court after that
'Cause he the Inspectah, that's why he the and
And also he the Rebel I.N.S
You know what I'm sayin'?
And Shallah Raekwon, he the Chef
He cookin' up some marvelous shit to get your mouth waterin'
On some "oh shit"
Then, then it's, then it's the Method Man
It's like mad different methods to the way I do my shit

You gotta smoke a bean in here, anyhow

And I'm tellin' you, mine
Basically Method Man is like
Roll that shit, light that shit, smoke it
And then Baby U, he a psychopathic
He a psychopathic thinker
And and, then we got, then we got the Ol' Dirty Bastard
'Cause there ain't no father to his style
That's why he the Ol' Dirty Bastard
Ghostface Killah, you know what I'm sayin'?
He on some "now you see me, now you don't"
Know what I'm sayin'? And and, the RZA
He the sharpest motherfucka in the whole Clan
He always on point, razor sharp
With the beats, with the rhymes, whatever, any DJ

And the GZA, the G is just the Genius
He, he's the backbone of the whole shit

It's self-explanatory, Genius, word

He the head, let's put it that way
We form like Voltron, and GZA happen to be the head
You know what I'm sayin'?

Yeah, yeah, that's cool
So what's like, I mean what's like
Your ultimate goal against in this in this industry?

Domination, baby, fuck that

Can I say this one? Can I say this one?
Right now, right now, we still, we still
Feel like we ain't get what we want yet
When we get, when we get, when we get a little props
And really really get the way we gotta go
That's when you know it's on
You know what I'm sayin'?
'Cause right about now, I ain't braggin' or nothin'
But yo, the Wu, the Wu got somethin'
That I know that everybody wanna hear
'Cause I know I've been waitin' to hear
You know what I'm sayin'?
But straight up and down, 'til we get the goal
We gon' keep goin'

Yeah, 'cause we tryin' to do all this
We tryin' to make a business outta this, man
We ain't tryin' to-- know what I'm sayin'?
Affiliate ourselves with them fake-ass A&Rs and all that
We tryin' to make our own shit
So that when our children, word
So that when our children, all our seeds and whatever
They got somethin' for theyselves right there

We ain't tryin' to hop in and hop out right quick
Know what I'm sayin'?
We out for the Gusto, and we gon' keep it raw
You know what I'm sayin'? (Word)27Embed