12 ContributorsMeeting Lyrics
(J White, I need a beat I can go off on, ooh)
Yeah, big 'Latto
'Latto

Uh, yeah, I'ma make a mess all on them Versace sheets (Yeah)
I love to pull all on your chain while you on top of me (Ice)
Tell me how you want it, baby, talk to me (Uh)
This nigga wrapped around my fingers, got him on a leash (Hah)
And this pussy water like the AP (Water)
Nigga wanna taste me, fuck me like you hate me (Uh)
I'ma let him make a movie, HD (Uh)
And I ain't worried 'bout them hoes 'cause they ain't me
Let's go up like them Lambo doors
I'ma put a arch in it whеn I touch my toes
I need a big Birkin bag that can fit that scope
Deep throat and I still don't choke (Uh)
Rеal trap nigga, he gon' whip that bowl (Yeah)
He like me on top when I take control (Yeah)
Pussy so good, said he wants some more
So I fuck him one more time 'fore I go ('Latto)

Bitches wanna fuck with the kid, they fall in love with me (Ehh)
Couple weekends doin' it big, and she'll be stuck with me (Well, damn)
When I was broke and down on my dick, they called me ugly (True)
My exes say, "Since Gucci got rich, he actin' uppity" (Ho)
Stop runnin' from it, baby, stay still, girl, let me punish it (Mwah)
She scared of it, she's conquered her fear, my chick confronted it (Stop)
Mega mansion, all in the crib, Versace furnished it (Huh)
No shows in six months and I ain't stuntin' it (Wow)
If diamonds ain't on her bag, then I ain't fuckin' it (Brr)
Couple basic bitches got in back then, but that was luckily (Huh?)
Can't meet me in my bedroom if that bitch ugly (No)
Had to stop the track and catch my breath, lil' mama suckin' me (Wop)
You might also like
I'm tryna meet you in my bedroom (Bedroom)
Get in your ears just like some headphones (Huh?)
Kill that pussy, get the headstone (Mmm)
Time to play, girl, yeah, we real grown (Naw)
Baby, fuck that bein' patient (Huh?)
I ain't got time, girl, I been waitin' (What?), layin'
In that pussy like the Matrix (Ooh)
Say I'm the devil, call me Satan (Ho)
Girl, you know I'm crazy with the dick (Huh?)
Give it to you, put it in your back (Back)
I'm a tiger with the cat (Huh?)
I had that pussy comin' back to back (True)
Them bitches all in your ear, tryna talk (What?)
Tell 'em you don't wanna hear it (Wanna hear it)
That pussy throbbin' when I'm near (It throb)
That dick is dangerous, make you fear (Uh)
When we fuck, keep my chains on
Cold sex, fuckin' on the ice (Ice, ice, ice, ice)
Make that pussy grip me tight (Huh?)
Perky then we go all night (Up)
Ridin' it there like a roller coaster (Huh?)
Up and down, spin that ass around (Around)
Dog that pussy, I'm a hound (A hound)
Laugh at them other niggas, they was clowns (Some clowns)
He ain't a mayor or nothin', then you're wastin' time, baby (Who?)
He can't buy your baby Birkin (Baby Birkin)
He ain't gon' get that pussy surgin' (Surgin')
He ain't gon' have you geekin' just like Urkel (Urkel)
I'm 5'9", my dick 6'4" (Huh?)
Baby, come, and come ride the train (The train)
Be my professor, give me super brain (Huh?)
After this dick, you'll never be the same (Ho)Embed