15 ContributorsSuper Lyrics
I still remember when I saw ya
5 foot 5, maybe a little taller
Smile that reminds me of Christmas morning
When you first woke up and them gifts was opened
Yes sir, baby girl ill
Got me feeling unreal like I popped that pill
Neo-Nazi, killer body
I think I love ya, prolly
But I don't even know ya
I tapped you on your shoulder, asked your name
You gladly told me, then you asked the same
I told you I was Vince
And you said you heard about me well I hope you didn't listen
Thought that I should mention, that you my perfect vision
Remind me of the middle school days when I couldn't wait to get to class
Just so I could fall asleep and dream about your pretty ass
So baby we can go far, but its up to you...

I see your pretty face, and I try to approach her
I know that we just met, but can we get closer?
What can I say, to make you stay, the night with me?
And girl it's up to you...

Yeah... look...first name crystal, last name amazing
Stars in my mind really got my heart racing
They say I shouldn't rush, that I should pace the situation
But these feelings in my head has got me feeling impatient
You could say this love thing has got my heart aching
Even if it's waiting, when she say that she is taken
All options open, so I keep my doors vacant
I know that she baking, off this shit I'm making
Thinking that it break in, hoping that it break out
Lights all on, you taking pictures with your face out
Full on platters where waiters bring the steaks out
But how can I leave, when there's no one else to take out
And I know it ain't my business...
But I just thought that I should mention...
That you know what I'm missing, so don't sit there
And try to act like you don't feel this...
You might also like

Come summer time we was just relaxing
Swear that she was bad like the youngest of the Jackson's
The perfect imperfections, the first of my selection
Baby got drive, never asking for directions
She know she ain't my only, but she know just where the rest is
Young but never restless, she was losing lighter sleep
Cause she know when its said and done she gon' be right with me
Bonnie Clyde type shit, nice thighs, nice hips
Mind right, my type, my love, my life
My girl, my wife, couldn't say it better
Story board love, tell me who can play it better?
Shit gets stormy, we'll escape the weather
Her umbrella's up when them time's looking tough
Prolly wish we stop, but I can't get enough
So baby we can make this a forever thing
I'm talking 'bout, house, kids, cars, and wedding rings

I see your pretty face, and I try to approach her
I know that we just met, but can we get closer?
What can I say, to make you stay the night with me?
Well girl it's up to you...4Embed