23 Contributors1017 Freestyle Lyrics
(Honorable C.N.O.T.E.)

It just can't be what it can’t be 'cause it's simply what I say it is (Say it is)
Bust it out the vacuum seal, you can smell this shit in Fayetteville (Smell in Fayetteville)
Black Jaguar, no Jacksonville, I don’t even know what year it is (Nope)
He didn't guard his taco, now his ground beef on his steering wheel (Brrt)
Coachin', now my niggas ballin', you can't peep what play it is (Ball)
They so full of dope, they probably don't even know what day it is (No, no)
I robbed the middleman, he probably don't even know who yay it is
Judgin' on my prize, I tote big fire, this ain’t no fire drill
Ballin’ like the Final Four, got more devils than Duke and them (Duke)
Ain't no mеan muggin’ or shoulder shruggin', see 'em, shoot at them (Shoot)
Nigga took down onе of my guys, so I want at least two of them (Two)
It's a lot of niggas still play both sides (Ayy, ayy), that’s why Gucci through with them (Let's go)

Ayy, them 7.62s shoot at him (Boom)
Don't play with Wop while Pooh with him (Ho)
Fox 13, we rep that murder gang, just ask or Google them (Huh? Mob)
Don't talk to me about your opps unless you came from shootin' at them (Foo, ho)
I'm clutchin' my bump stock in the drop top, we bumpin' who-is-him (Huh? Huh? Ho)
Pop a Perc', now I'm geeked up, guess this how them nerds feel (Huh? Huh?)
Pass my nigga a new chopper, let's work on your third kill (Foo)
Before we pull off, circle the block, see how far my serve is (Skrrt, skrrt, boom)
It's six K for a pint of Wock' if you want your syrup with the seal (Huh? Mud, mud)
That's for sure, keep that Draco in my lap, scream, "TTB", we trained to blow (Huh? Boom, boom, boom, boom, boom)
New Cartier hit with the Cuban link, had to switch out the rope (Ice, ice, ice, ice, ice)
Five hundred shots up in this bitch, if you play, we gon' do the most (Huh? Ho, ho)
Two baby chops hid in my coat, bitch, I'm havin' power like Ghost (What? Who?)
You might also like
AK with the machete sword gon' open up your belly button (Uh)
No, you did not catch the body, why you wanna take credit for it? (Huh?)
All my niggas Choppa Gang, but different sets like Teletubbies (Yeah)
Nothin' but convicts in this studio, I'm with my felon buddies (Well, damn)
Throw back Percocets and pour up Wock', we call that powered up (Go)
Put four holes up in that big boy back, call him an Audi truck (Grrah)
Get shot up in your face for cursin', nigga, better not shout at us (Pow, pow)
Better know you chasin' death, talkin' 'bout you comin' after us (Pyoom)
They say, "30, you done lost it," poured up in the water bottle (Lean)
Strapped up with a Judge on me, I got the biggest revolver (Ho)
Heard my new opp was a problem, popped out with that problem-solver (Pop)
I got killers on payroll and they gon' kill you 'bout they dollar (Ayy)

Nigga ever play with us, we gon' get active, handle that (We handled them)
I send Scarr deep on the fly, BIG30 blitz, he get the sack (Go, let's go)
Pooh let the whole hundred go, so I call him Wilt Chamberlain (Blrrrd, blrrrd)
I throw this bomb just like Brady, Big Wop like Bill Belichick (Belichick)
Twenty in this F&N shoot like Durant, my arms extend (F&N, my arms extend)
Don't start no conversation 'bout beef 'cause, boy, your life will end (No, don't do no arguin')
I would never play with no man, I shoot first, ask questions later (Blrrrd)
Diamonds on me frozen, nigga, why you think they call me glacier? (Ice, ice)
I smoke Backwoods back to back, I get high like I'm Snoop or somethin' (Just like I'm Snoop or somethin')
Mama said I need to stop, pretty soon, I'ma need a lung (Might just need a lung)
It's the new 1017, we bangin' like N.W.A. (Blrrrd)
I fuck hoes like Eazy-E, I got the curve without the AIDS (Without the AIDS)
It's the way that I was raised, you break the rules, I gotta spin (Gotta show you)
To the ten commandments, we add one, eleven, do 'em in (Blrrrd, blrrrd, blrrrd, blrrrd)
I know your ho wanna fuck because she see these Cuban links (I know she see this ice)
When I stuff your throat with dick, you better look at me, don't blink (Bitch, you better not blink)
Nigga, when you hear about it, don't come ask me, ask your ho (Ask your ho)
Bitch, it's Gutta Gang and I get gutta, you know I bang fours (You know we throwin' fours)
When it come to gettin' money, they know that I get aggressive
Think about dissin' me, think again, boy, might as well get the stretcher (Blrrrd)
Blrrrd, blrrrd, Big BlrrrdEmbed