10 ContributorsTranslationsTiếng ViệtMy Reputation Lyrics
What's up? (What's up? What's up?)
Haha (Haha, haha)
Oh they ain't ready for this one here
Yeah (Yeah, yeah)
Cool, icy, homie
Yeah (Yeah, yeah)
Talk to 'em homie

Girl I love your confidence (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
You don't be stressin' me (Not at all, baby)
'Cause baby you already know what's up with us (You already know)
And even though they try, they can't come between us babe, hey

Let's go
They say they saw me, with who? (Yeah)
When I was at home and smokin' with you (Hahaha)
They always talking about what I do (Hеy)
And who I'm with, some shit, not true (Nah)
It's always the hе say (He say), she say (She say)
Pay 'em no mind anyway
'Cause when I come home, put her on the phone (Yeah)
And let her tell you what she say  (Yeah, what? what? Woah)
You might also like
People always talk about (Come on, come on, come on)
Your reputation, oh (Hey, hey, yeah, ayy)
But I don't care about those other girls (Come on, come on)
Just be good to me
Oh woah, ooh woah, oh-oh, oh-oh

You got people in your ear sayin', "Fuck him"
"He a street nigga, girl, I wouldn't trust him"
"Plus he got a little drama with his BM"
Lyin' on me sayin' I'm all up in her DM (Woo)
Since nobody keep it solid, baby I will
Always keep it one hunnid like a truth pill (Damn)
You ain't ever gotta wonder if I'm that guy (Nah)
Your nigga 'til the death, baby no lie (Yeah)
I'd rather die, come on

Let's go
They say they saw me, with who? (Yeah)
When I was at home and smokin' with you (Hahaha)
They always talking about what I do (Hey)
And who I'm with, some shit, not true (Nah)
It's always the he say (He say), she say (She say)
Pay 'em no mind anyway
'Cause when I come home, put her on the phone (Yeah)
And let her tell you what she say  (Yeah, what? what? Woah)
People always talk about (Come on, come on)
Your reputation, oh (Come on, yeah, ayy)
But I don't care about those other girls
Just be good to me (Come on, come on)
Oh woah, ooh woah, oh-oh, oh-oh

You ain't tired of gettin' me so that's why I got you (You)
When they speakin' on a G, just know it ain't true
Give it to you how you want, yeah you know how I do (Do)
In the back of the car, in the bathroom too (Damn)
Fifty-fifty baby, everything one hunnid (Hunnid)
Give it to you solid, ain't no need to run from it (Nah)
Make a movie in the bedroom, beat it like a drumline
Black bandana on, like I did that one time (Haha, let's go, woo)

I ain't got no questions (Yeah)
Don't care what they say (I don't give a fuck about what they say)
And I will never listen (Yeah, yeah)
Just me and my baby (Oh woah, oh-oh-oh, ooh)
Tonight we got a session (What's up?)
Victory's right in your face tonight
You know who's runnin' this race tonight
I'ma run no relay tonight
People always talk about (Talk about, come on, come on, woo)
Your reputation, oh (What's up?, Yeah, ayy, yeah)
But I don't care about those other girls
Just be good to me (Come on, come on)
Oh woah, ooh woah, oh-oh, oh-oh
People always talk about (People, come on, come on, come on)
Your reputation, oh (Ha, woo, ayy, ayy)
But I don't care about those other girls (What's up? Come on, come on)
Just be good to me (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Oh woah, ooh woah, oh-oh, oh-oh1Embed