33 ContributorsCan I Love Lyrics
"I wrote a bunch of letters but—
I thought it made me look like a fool
So I never mailed any of them out"
I just wanna talk to you girl, mama you know are...I just got something I wanna say...

Baby do you remember
Warm summers and cold winters
Songs by soul singers the feeling it still lingers
Elevated by my kiss as you melted between my fingers
Babygirl, sometimes I wish
That I could just rewind this shit and take it back
I had visions but they just faded black
My train of thought is on a different track
When you’re in love it’s hard to separate fiction from fact
Your image in my head, and I’m trynna get rid of that
But you’re always on my mind like a fitted hat
Baby girl, I wanna bring it back to puppy love
When you was sent from up above to care for me
Said that you’d always be there for me
And even though you’re gone, it’s like you never left
Cuz you always in my heart and still take away my breath

Can I love?
Babygirl, can I love?
I said mama can I love?
Yeah, can I love?
You might also like
I wanna laugh with you
Run the water and take a bath with you
Stay up late and watch romantic comedies
When it comes down to it you’re my hearts commodity
Yea, and now I’m feeling like a fool
Writing love letters that you’ll probably never get
And right now, I love you more than I’d like to admit
Because we’re separated
Unto you this song is dedicated
I’m love sick and I need you to medicate it
Feeling devastated
I think about the past and now I hate it
Cause all it proves is that we never made it
See me and shorty got history like a textbook
But lately our positon is changed like that sex book
Ms. Independent she the type to hold her own
Late night contemplating all alone
The kingdom is empty without the queen upon the throne

Can I love?
Babygirl, can I love?
I said, Mama, can I love?"
I'mma ask you, can I love?"
They say there’s many more in the sea
But rather then go fish I play solitare
I look around and see you everywhere
But at the same you’re never there
Fingers through your hair
Reminiscing bout when and where
Remember when we pulled up to that spot and did it there
See I hate to watch you walk away
But I love to watch you come
Baby girl you’re so lustful then innocent when it’s done
The love we share is like a fine wine
Cuz no matter what happens, it only gets better with time
Baby girl you’re so fine that I had to take the time
To articulate this rhyme with you in mind, you’re so divine
Ain’t no matter who you’re fucking with
Or no matter who I’m fucking with, you’ll still be mine
Will we make it? I don’t know
The only thing that will tell us is time

Can I love?
Babygirl, can I love?
I said, Mama, can I love?"
I'mma ask you, can I love?"14Embed