51 ContributorsYoung Sinatra II Lyrics
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

Various women I'm swimming in like a shark
Hold up, that was the first one, let me run it back and restart
Young Sinatra ripping the beat apart
Shining like a diamond when I be rhyming
But y'all in the dark
On point like a poisonous dart
I can feel it now, the fame is comin' soon
How can sky be the limit when there's footprints on the moon?
Now, I used to bus tables, now I bust rhymes
Spitting lines to the illest of dimes just to pass the time
Living like a Don, mafietic mind state
Hip-hop heads never die, we multiply then dominate
Now I been flowin' since a adolescent up until the present
Rehearsin' flows for various shows
Yeah, that's how I roll
Gettin' respected, never neglected
As I infect it, they detect it, when I disect it
Rip it and wreck it, now that's on the record
As the vinyl spin so slowly
Bringing verses like a Holy
Bible, my flow is tribal
Meet me in the street homie I'm liable
To get it right then and there
Motherfuckers like, "Where?"
He come from?
Got music for days and then some
They were stepping confident until I made 'em run
You know it's Logic
In your vicinity murder evil entities better known as your enemies
You feel it now
Spark the L and you be coolin'
Chillin' relaxin' to this audio satisfaction
I leave emcees missin' in action, leave you gashin
From a thousand lashes
While I'm laughing with a passion
Stand over you smiling 'til I hear sirens and now I'm dashing
You might also like
Life's a bitch and then you die
That buck that bought the bottle
Coulda struck the lotto
Life's a bitch and then you die
Got rhymes 365 days annual plus some

This second verse is dedicated to rappers that never made it
'Cause they gave up on their dream
In other words they hesitated to take it
But I swear I'ma make it better than ever before
'Cause half of y'all don't even know
See I be rolling through the streets
In a beamer bomber like Hiroshima
Hit you like Katrina 'til they like, "Damn Gina!" (Damn!)
I eat MCs like fast food, hella rude
I'm the reason that your favorite rapper's in a bad mood
My name is Logic, I was born in 1990
Ain't no need to remind me
That when you listen you wanna rewind me
All the labels wanna sign me for the right reasons
We aim to please
Huntin' dollars and it's buck season
'Cause
Life's a bitch and then you die
That's why we get high
'Cause you never know when you're gonna go
Life's a bitch and then you die
That's why we puff lye
'Cause you never know when you're gonna go
Life's a bitch and then you die
That's why we get high
'Cause you never know when you're gonna go
Life's a bitch and then you die
Ayo, put the Grants over there in the safe, you know what I'm sayin'? (Yeah, yeah)
‘Cause we spendin' these Jacksons. The Washingtons go to wifey, you know how that go
I'm sayin' this is what it's all about, right? Clothes, bankrolls and hoes, you know what I'm sayin'? (Sinatra)
You know, then what, man? What- what?
(Logic)9Embed