27 ContributorsOutro Lyrics
Uh
1st & (1st &) 15th (15th)
Woah, uh!
Lupe Fiasco's: Food & Liquor
Is lovingly, hand-crafted and done
By the good folks, at 1st & 15th, yeah!
Much love to the F&F crew
Bryce, (yeah) Gemini, Shayla G
Pro, Soundtrakk, Jason Salvador
Simon, Bishop G, Bran Dog
G-Ball, G-Ball, yeah!
All the engineers, Chilly Chill, mixers
Esco, much love goes out, to Rita Lee
The Buchanans, Suzis 'N Uzi
Everybody that...helped this project from day one
Can't forget, Bolo, Footloose
You know, the incomporable DJ G.I
Kim Lumpkin, Bizzy, Spores (you heard)
Marcus, Mr. Mark Pitts, L.A. Reid
Drew, Tyvee, Success, the whole FTK
You know, Mr. Mike Love, Bulumaster, what up!
Can't forget, Veedaugh, DJ Pharus, Coops, DJ Timbuktu
K-Scratch, The Base Man, Boogie Boy
DJ Semtex, 279, Dr. Wax, Jason Eavre, HMV, Envy
What up, Envy? Get Real, Flex, Funk Master, Flex, yeah (Violet)
Can't forget E-Nyce, (Eric Lowe), the entire Bum Squad DJ family
Shout to Loud Prince, Crystal Bubblin', (Paul Wall)
All of the heavy hitters, (Trey Songz), all of the Murda Mamis
Can't forget Kay Slay, Cipha Sounds, Amanda Diva, (Sirius Radio)
DJ Chop, (Enough), DJ Hyphen, Greg Street, you know I'm talkin' 'bout?!
All the radio stations around the world that hold me down (Music Choice)
Can't forget 'em all, E-bro, WGCI, Pie 92, Hot 97, Choice FM, BBC One Extra
All the pirate stations, can't forget Tim Westwood, all the music video channels
(Gomez Warez), Tiffany Green, (MTV), Elroy Smith, (BET), Bam (and VH1)
Can't forget my big homie, Sean Deah. (Hawaii Mike)
What up, baby? There from day one!
Can't forget K.T., Alazay, the whole Raw Dough Brackets
(Mr. Perry), The Pack, even though we no more
Mr. Star, much love to Navi, Butcher, D-Lo, (Miss Cole)
Butcher source of Quran right now, it's all good, much love to ya!
All my teachers (ya heard!), Mr. K
All of the artists—my fellow artist in the game that hold me down and help me out
Talib Kweli, (Mike Sanders), The Roots—shout to Black Thought—Mos Def
Can't forget, (Consequence), just...(Rhymefest!) everybody, Three Six Mafia man
Sway! Decipher! The whole Star Track, (Rakim), Pusha T, Clipse, Push Konflict
Slim Thugger, Swisster, (Ab-Liva), Psychodrama, Shawnna, GLC, Really Doe
The whole GOOD Music, Ibin Don, C. John, Monopoly
Mr. Kanye West, you know!
Can't forget, Stack Bundlez, what up b?!
Uh, Poo Bear
Everybody showin' me love—my whole Fort Minor family!
Styles of Beyond, Kenna, Apathy, Candy Pop
Shout to the whole Demigods
Can't forget Craig G, who wants me to wear the crown but I tell him I can't (*laughs*)
The Gorillaz—shout to the Gorillaz, ya heard, uh!
Shout out to The Desk, all the radio personalities, you know I'm sayin' where I'm from (Scars)
Chi-Town (ya heard!), Chicago! Uhuh (Man!)
Shout to Bionce Foxx, Kid Robot, shout out to Roxy, (Tre), shout to Miss Jones Too Hot 97
(Choco Joc), everybody gave me looks, shout out to all the magazines showin' me love, holdin' me down
(Nakid) Especially The Fader, gave my first cover, (Samsil), shout to Billboard, gave me the cover
(Crazy Howard McGee), shout to Vibe, Source, XXL, shout to Kicks Exclusive, got a cover
Shout to GQ, (Cash Carter), you know Rolling Stone, shout to all the internet sites—OkayPlayer
All Hip-Hop, School of Hip-Hop.com, (MySpace), you know, showin' me love, a thank you!
All my fans! Shout to Hypebeast.com, shout to Kevin Mar, I love my fans
Shout to all my Streetware family all my skater dark heads out there
Shout to Slam Excite, (Tony Hole), shout to Hustlin' Body.com, Freshness Mag.com, (DGK!)
Shout to all the stores that around the world that are holdin' me down, (Steve Williams), Maharishi, DPMHI
Shout to Harley Bleckmen, Damien, and my big brother Nash Money Dollars
Alex, shout to mag the over Slammin' Kicks, Dough Street, Ben Jury
Shout out to Lamessie and Amanda, from LMAC
Down in Singapore, (Voss!), yeah, my lil' brother Dano, Dano West, Salaam-al-aikum
(Street Connoiseur)
Shout to my big brother Ian, stayin' out for Kicks Hawaii Crew (Crabby, Henry), Aloha! Huh..
Aubrass, shout to Ricky Kim, shout to Chuck Anderson (Ken, The Riot), The Billions.com
Shout to Vergil, (Jackson Hennessey), shout to Benjamin, shout to the whole crew (Righteous!)
(Kung-Fu!), shout to the JB Classics, you know, shout to my big homie Rob Hebler
Wiggly Drop.com, (Hot Dogg!), shout to my man Chris Gibbs over at Union
Big shout out to Edison Shay and the Chopstick MC, the whole Kli family, yeah
F&F Hong Kong, what up! You know, it's mad long, right? (*laughs*)
(Henry Lovell), shout to Keep Up Neighbour, San Francisco
(Nathan), shout to my homie Julian, (Cabrerra)
Out in Paris, holdin' me and my man Jason down, much love!
Shout to Miami Girl, L.A. Barracuda, shout to Dave Ortiz, Dave's quality, (Meats!)
You know how the long two way fashion thing, shout to my man Rolf from Artful Dodger
Matt Anger, of Reebok, shout to the whole Reebok staff holdin' me down
You know I'm sayin', Q Gaskins, Q!, Its "Food & Liquor" time baby!
Shout to Matt Inc., shout to Wendy, shout to Liz Cardozo, all my family up at Reebok, (Pam's Am!)
(DC Shoes), it's all forgiven, ya heard!
(Shout to Kevin Hana), shout to every club promoter, every show promoter, out there
Shout to my big homie Neil, much love to you homie thank you! (Christopher Adams)
Much obliged, much appreciated, shout to Mark Sheeder, Kevin Black, shout out to Kevin Black
Just make sure you get yours man, I'm aware
Shout to the entire Atlantic Records staff, Greg Helman, Julia Greenwald
(Warren Geese), Emmanuel, Keyzer, James Lopez, (Doug Horn), Sylvia, (Diane)
The lovely, talented Veronica Alvarici
(Latrice), the lovely and talented Camille Hackney, Cindy Marcuson, (Brian Singjon), (Jules)
Katherine—I can't forget you
(All of the secretaries and), LaToya Sterling (and assistants and the interns)
Andrew, you know I'm sayin' (Noah)
Shout to Tamara (Scott), shout to Ayesha, (Crespo), aight!
John McMahon, (Nice!), shout to the building, they show me love, they be like "Watch out Lupe comin' through!"
(Damon, Cookie), The Nasty Boys, shout to the whole One Music group, Leo Con, (Mel) and Mr. Kevin Lauch
(Rick Betterman, Marcus Youst) Thank you for comin' out man (Darrell Thomas)
Yeah, it was appreciated far beyond you'll ever believe, you know what I'm talkin' about (Scott Francis)
Shout to Carlene, Marcia, the whole Def Jam staff too, it's weird cause I'm doing Def Jam shout outs
But I got to because they, they, they holdin' me down (G), shout to Tata, shout to Linnie S
Shout to Beehive, Samantha Hill, (Guru), it's much appreciated, believe me (Just Blaze), Sean Healey
Shout to Glasses Malone, what's up! (Sagon), Constantine, Big Chuck, yeah! Doin' his thing right now
Shout out to Karen Quark, oh man, Karen Quark, yeah, we did it baby!
David Enriquez, shout to T.I., whole Grand Hustle, (Taro), you know what I'm sayin', yeah!
Here's the whole crew everybody, from that crew that hold me down, everybody around the world!
That hold me down, I love you
Shout to my family, my mother, my father, my brothers, my sisters, my nieces, my nephews, my aunties, uncles
You know I'm sayin', I love all y'all, you know, I love all y'all
I ain't gon say no names, but I love all y'all
Shout to all my homies on the block, Madison Street, whole Surrender Crew, shout to Cole Cheece
(Jaguar, what up!) shout to Aida, shout to Antoine, shout to Moon, shout to Shawn, (Tikaboo), Nick Luda
Shout to everybody, shout to all y'all man, shout to Li'l Man, shout to (Miss Gartley) Dough Boy, shout to Napo
The Original 1500s, (Lupe), Bishop G, L-U-P-E, we still here! Keep on hustlin', I guarantee, God willin'
Rest in peace Randy, shout out to Shakapilva, see I called you as one of the last ones (whole Chicago, aye)
But I got ya, you know, the whole Wild Moneys
(SOATS, Northside, Southside, Eastside, Chicago), get up outta here
(Man! Westside!)
This has been, Lupe Fiasco's Food & Liquor comin' to a close, peace!
Next album, Lupe Fiasco's (and much love to ya) The Cool
If I forgot, forgive (Astaghfirullah)
I'll catch you on the next one
Salaam-al-aikum!You might also like2Embed