21 ContributorsZoo Lyrics
Look
Rockwilder on the beat
1-7 in your face (1-7, nigga)
Mack Maine, you my nigga (You already!)
Cash Money, what's up? (What's up?)
Check me out

Young Money, motherfucker—where the cash at? (Ugh)
I put numbers on your head like a class hat (Hoo!)
See, I done been through everything like a lab rat (Chyeah)
Can you swim? 'Cause you sleepin' where the crabs at
I stand before you bitch niggas with the fif' cocked...
Damn! You can hear a pin drop (Ha!)
Bulletproof vests cannot defend tops (Yeah, yeah)
Wanna walk in my shoes, you need ten socks (Chyeah)
But these niggas is actors like Rick Fox (Rick Fox?)
Stick to the script or fuck around and get written out
We in this motherfucker throwing up the set (1-7!)
G4 boys, throw 'em off the jet (Ha!)

And me 'n' Mack is just two niggas from the same hood (Chyeah)
Fell from the same tree (Yup!), cut from the same wool (Yup!)
See, I'm the young lion (Lion), and he the young bull (What?)
Welcome to the zoo, you are in the zoo (Yeah)
Me and Mack is just two niggas from the same hood (Same hood)
Fell from the same tree (Same tree)
Cut from the same wool (Chyeah!)
See, I'm the young lion, and he the young bull (What?)
Welcome to the zoo, you are in the zoo
You might also like
Warning: Mack on the dollar hunt (Maaack!)
I'm feelin' real slick, bitch, I got my collars up (Up)
Spread the word, boy, I keep the kush bottled up (Up)
.40 cal, pal, you can get hollowed up (Doot-doot!)
If you ain't talkin' 'bout money, homie
Then that's cheap chatter (Ha!)
I'm pissin' on the game, feel like I got a weak bladder (Yeah)
And y'all fallin off, y'all climbin' up a weak ladder (You dying)
And I'm too high to try to reach you son
I rock shows every day with Miss Cita's son (Ya know!)
Then I'm uptown, baby like I'm Peter Gunz, ha (Uptown!)
Or Lord Tariq; to the Lord, I speak
I got game, I got a veggie tryin' to eat my meat, naww

Me and Tune is two niggas from the same hood (Yeah)
Fell from the same tree (Yeah), cut from the same wool (Yeah)
He a young lion (Yup), and I'm a young bull (Yup)
Welcome to the zoo, you are in the zoo (Got 'em)
Me and Tune is two niggas from the same hood
Fell from the same tree (Ya know!), cut from the same wool (Yeah)
He a young lion (Huh?), and I'm a young bull (Boy!)
Welcome to the zoo, you are in the zoo

Now, bring it back to Hollygrove, yeah, Hollygrove (Hollygrove!)
Harrell Park, had work by the slidin' boards
Harrell Park, you get murked by the slidin' boards (Boom!)
17th Ward, animals and dinosaurs (17th, yeah!)
Tyrannosaurus Rex: test me
It's M.O.B. 'til the mortician dress me
And that's deep (Hah), you run up on Eagle Street (Oh)
Belfast and Monroe, be right at your front door
Knock-knock, hello, there goes several fellows
With clips to the elbows, hell rose (Chyeah)
And tell them niggas we was hustlin' 'til hell froze (Yeah)
Hollygrove ain't no motherfuckin' Melrose (Bitch!)
Hollywood ain't no motherfuckin' Hollygrove
They could find your ass Monday in your Friday clothes (Hey)
Or they could find your Pop dead on Father's Day
Hollygrove, U.S.A., where Maine and Carter stay (Okay)
And me and Carter just two niggas from the same hood (Geah)
Fell from the same tree (G-Geah), cut from the same wool (G-Geah)
He just a young lion (Yeah), and I'm a young bull (G-Geah)
Welcome to the zoo, nigga, welcome to the zoo
And me and Maine is just two niggas from the same hood (Chyeah)
Fell from the same tree (Chyeah), cut from the same wool (Wool)
See I'm the young lion (Lion), and he the young bull (Huh?)
Welcome to the zoo, you are in the zoo2Embed