13 ContributorsThe Recession (Intro) Lyrics(NEWS COMPILATION RADIO SKIT)
While the Fed isn't forecasting a recession yet, plenty of other forecasters are and it would hurt. no ones whispering about the R word anymore , now they just come out and say it. the us economy will slip into a recession this year. I think they think they government has failed them..
(Beat Drops)
Yea man, what do I think about the gas? I didn't know gas was gonna be a bill!!
People out here hurtin man, ??????????? he ain't got nuttin yet, man I make 12 dollars an hour. gas is $3.79, $4.29 after that how ima pay my, how take care my kids after that
(YEEEEEAAAAAAHHHH!!!!)
I think the richer get richer and the poorer get poorer and ain't nobody givin a damn about what we think! we need somebody to come and help us!! we need somebody ????????

I said the drought got a nigga drunk
I'm still tryna sober up
Wish I had me some money I buy me some better luck
Might buy me a bigger truck, buy me some mo time
Ain't nobody got it now need to find me a new gri grind
Hey got a 9 left, just know I'mma grind that til I ain't got a dime left
Speaking of dime left, now I ain't got a nine left
Had to pay up my bills now I ain't got a dime left

It's a recession everybody broke
So I just came back to give everybody hope
Just looking out for my folk given the whole nine
Yeah you ain't got it now so you keep the whole nine
(Repeat)
You might also like
God bless america never been to Columbia
So I'mma need one a ya get da word to columbia
That if need be I get the work to columbia
That's south carolina just pay my driver
They say young won't you make it rain, bitch is you insane
Went about once a month and them numbers be insane in the membrane
Got me wracking my damn brain, want me just damn caine
I'm going through a damn thang, hey


We tolerate either or money or white squares
War really going but tell me who really cares
My auntie on section 8, then why ain't her credit straight
See you payin all of that, which means she ain't neva late
She said I'm always on time like Ashanti and Ja Rule
And just tell us anything what we look like some damn fools
Her son got a cells charge and he never comin home
Imagine the phone bill cause he always calling home
This shit is ridiculous unacceptable
I hope its acceptable if I don't be respectable
Just know I'm in grind mode like a real nigga spose to
Stay down maintain like a real nigga spose to heeey
Embed