10 ContributorsPony Ride Lyrics
Just stop takin' me for a ride..
(C’mon, c’mon, c’mon)
All I wanna do is take my time..
(Take your time, baby, take your time, baby, c’mon!)
Just stop takin' me for a ride..
(Ah hah ha hah-hah, hah ha hah-hah)
All I wanna do is take my time..

I’ma stand up for art express, do mic test rehearsals
Eight years of man livin', ain’t no edits or commercials
Flick the God like mummy, but my own want a debit
Tossin' facts and how they axis don’t spin on a limit
Ain’t no need to dwell, to hell with fakin' your jax
Ride niggas get to sittin' to rear, so play the Parks of Rosa
Suppose I have my whole life on it
Funny how those you love love the evil they do
I brew the medicine to heal, a bit of verbals we had
But your ideas of heal, is left the surface of it scabbed
Navigations nearly took me on some cruise type expense
Dispensin' me some shitty canal
I took the juice because I’m used to one-way
Detours and destinations of ways in life, I pretends the knife
Stuck in my spine’ll be a symbol, how jack can be nimble
But it’s time to make that foggy vision crystal
We gots to get the crystal, right?
You might also like
Just stop takin' me for a ride..
All I wanna do is take my time..
Just stop takin' me for a ride..
All I wanna do is take my..

Well, I don’t wanna go that far
To sell my soul, I ain’t gon' go that far
I’m takin' minds and hearts beyond the shinin' star
Raw dick, honey, I don’t wanna go that far
So listen, why you riskin' your mentality against mine?
Sick of leadin' love, sick of leadin' love
Leavin' love loud-faced in the vehicle of mine
Them wanna do awards bein' $9.99
Watch me profile the true fall out for so-called friends
Like mercury and water, we just don’t blend
I end the game technically, you wanna stop me
True gems show affection like Jody Watley, so..

Just stop takin' me for a ride..
All I wanna do is take my time..
Just stop takin' me for a ride..
All I wanna do is take my..
Take my.. take my time..
Take my..
Take my.. take my time..
Take my..
(But I don’t wanna go that far!)

I recall kissin' on my lady, talkin' 'bout makin babies
Now we made the baby, but cannot connect as legal spouses
Now me and my daughter reside in different houses
What louses up the structure, is leavin' things up to
The child lesser, than a child runnin' wild from mild pressure
Mega.. (mega..) nega.. (nega..)-tive
To live a master plan when that plan has no master
You stare at false tongues, leadin' the yung’un to disaster
Postures of this world is seen as mad crooked
Want your manhood, but man, your dad took it
We used to swallow 40’s and a whole lot of pride
Nice MC’s be frontin' on some whole other vibe
Just because them albums are sealed
Doesn’t mean them lyrics are untampered with, let’s kill the myth
That as MC’s we know it all, we all children still
No tricks for '96, it’s due time we build, man..

Just stop takin' me for a ride..
(Yes, stop gassin' me, stop gassin' me)
All I wanna do is take my time..
(All we want to deal is reality)
Just stop takin' me for a ride..
(Stop gassin' me, stop gassin' me)
'Cause all I wanna do is take my time..
(Take my time, take my time, c’mon!)
I've been on the streets for a little over two years (Right)
Uh, occasionally, I mean I've had, you know, high
Some nice moments, you know, where I thought I might get somewhere (Right)
But then something else, something other occurs and I get side-tracked (Right)
And then some days, it's just, it's just like, uh
I can two, three days at a time before I start thinking again optimistically or whatever
Because things just happen, I don't- I don't make any money panhandling or something like that, or hardly any money
I don't get a whole lot of good food to eat for a couple days or something like that, or anything even halfway decent
I mean, it's not so much people on you or something like that, 'cause there hasn't been a whole lot of that
But it just gets more depressing and depressing as you go on (Right)
And I even start thinking, uh ... not a hallucination, actually, not a visual or an auditory, but it's a certain, like, mentally depressing, like I'm in a dark fantasy
Where I even start thinking about that I wanna do this to myself
And you know, just really bad depression, you know, some days
Stakes is highEmbed