141 ContributorsTranslationsLatviešuTürkçeEspañolРусскийFrançaisPunk Monk Lyrics
Ayy, punk monk
Ayy, yeah
What?

Know your gang, know your gang (What? What?)
Know your gang, know your gang (What? Ayy, what?)
Know your gang, know your gang (What? What?)
Know your gang, know your gang (What?)
One thing I hate the most (Slatt)
One thing I hate the most (Oh yeah)
Is some friendly-ass niggas (Yeah)
Some friendly-ass niggas (What?)
Some friendly-ass niggas (Woah)
Some friendly-ass niggas (Woah)
Don't talk to me
Don't talk to me (Yeah)
Don't talk to me (Ayy)
Don't talk to me
Them niggas not with us (Us, what?)
Them niggas not with us (What? What?)
Them niggas not with us (What? What? What?)
You might also like
I told my brother yesterday, uh (Uh)
I had every chance to sign all the young niggas
But I was in my bag (Bag, bag)
Really, I don't wanna worry about these niggas (What? No)
I was tryna sign Trippie Redd before they knew about Trippie
I was fuckin' with Lil Keed when he made lil' "Blicky" (Blicky)
And I thought I had Pi'erre, but the label tricked me (What?)
They tried to turn me into a white boy, but I'm not Lil Dicky
I remember I used to follow KEY! and ManMan Savage
Ridin' 'round the hood, I was ridin' with the ratchet (What?)
Lil TJ was my shooter, but they turned that boy against me (What?)
But OG said, "Hold that shit down," so I ain't trippin' (Yeah)
I was in Paris when Offset and Uzi started hittin'
And I had to stay out that shit because that ain't none my business (Yeah)
I just worry 'bout me (Uh, me)
I just worry 'bout me (What? What?)
I gotta worry 'bout me (What? What? What? What?)
I gotta worry 'bout me (What? What? What? What?)
Why? (Why? Yeah, yeah, yeah), oh
I'm not friendly at all (What?)
I don't even want these niggas on my song (No)
I don't even need these niggas on my song (No doubt)
I don't rap, I write poems (What?)
If you think you an ape, bitch, then I'm King Kong (Woah)
If you know you great, bitch, then this your song (What? What?)
We are great (Yeah, what? What? Yeah)
The greatest, yeah (What? Uh, what?)
We are great (What? What?)
The greatest (Yeah, what? Yeah, yeah, yeah)
When you not gang
You turn into a hater
Know your gang, know your gang (Pussy)
Know your gang, know your gang (Pussy bitch, ayy)
Know your gang, know your gang (What? What?)
Know your gang, know your gang (What? What? What? God, yeah)

One thing I hate the most (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
One thing I hate the most (Oh yeah)
Is some friendly-ass niggas (Yeah)
Some friendly-ass niggas (What?)
Some friendly-ass niggas (What?)
Some friendly-ass niggas (What?)
Don't talk to me (Don't talk to me)
Don't talk to me (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Don't talk to me (Don't talk, ayy, yeah)
Don't talk to me (Ayy, ayy, yeah)
Them niggas not with us (What? Us, us, what?)
Them niggas not with us (What? What?)
Them niggas not with us (Yeah, yeah, yeah, uh, what?)41Embed