167 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolPortuguêsFrançaisРусскийLatviešuILoveUIHateU Lyrics
Yeah
What?
(Yo, Pi'erre, you wanna come out here?)
What? What?
What? What?
Yeah
Yeah

I'm thinkin' 'bout dyin' my hair red just to look like a pint of red
I like all of my cups so dirty, I been sippin' that Bloody Mary
I mix all of my problems and prometh' until I roll on my death bed
I mix all of my problems and prometh' until I roll on my death bed
Don't get close, uh, baby, don't get too close
Don't get close, yeah, baby, don't get too close
What you don't know, it won't hurt 'cause you don't know (What?)
What you don't know (Yeah), it won't hurt 'cause you don't know

I gotta eat, I gotta eat
I got some E, I got some E
I got some molly, shawty with me
Shawty come see, shawty for C
She wanna party, she want young Carti
She wanna ride, ride it and ride it (Yeah)
She wanna pipe all of these bitches
She want that action, she want young Carti
I got these diamonds they blinkin', bitch
All of my phones, stay ringin', bitch (What?)
She like them niggas that really rich
My hands on my stick like a little witch
I told her, "I really don't do this shit"
That money gon' make this bitch do this shit (Go)
Codeine in my cup 'cause I do this shit (Codeine)
Codeine in my drank, bitch, I do this shit (Syrup)
You know that my body is full of it
You know that my shawty be full of it
You know that I'm hot, bitch, I'm horny
I'm takin' these chances and doin' it
We take off your head and remove the bitch
My shawty rock gold like a Buddha bitch
And shoutout my cousin, he coolin' it
We really hot boys, we not new to this
We really hot boys, we not new to this
You might also like
I'm thinkin' 'bout dyin' my hair red just to look like a pint of red
I like all of my cups so dirty, I been sippin' that Bloody Mary (Yeah)
I mix all of my problems and prometh' until I roll on my death bed (Yeah)
I mix all of my problems and prometh' until I roll on my death bed (What?)
Don't get close, uh, baby, don't get too close (Yeah)
Don't get close, yeah, baby, don't get too close (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, what?)
What you don't know, it won't hurt 'cause you don't know
What you don't know, it won't hurt 'cause you don't know55Embed