72 ContributorsTranslationsPop Smoke - Mr. Jones ft. Future (Türkçe Çeviri)Pop Smoke - Mr. Jones ft. Future (Traducción al Español)PortuguêsMr. Jones Lyrics
Oh-oh
Oh-oh, oh
Said we in Miami (Oh, ooh, oh, oh)
We just left Mr. Jones (Oh-oh, ooh, ooh, ooh)
With a hundred bitches that's down, ready to fuck
Yeah

Said we in Miami, we just left Mr. Jones (Left Mr. Jones)
With a hundred bitches that's down, ready to fuck (Ready to fuck)
She said she wanna be a bartender, I'm like, "Your ass ain't fat enough"
Before you get that, you better go and get a tummy tuck (Tummy tuck)
She like, "Papi, can you give me fifty-five hundred?"
I ain't givin' you shit unless you suckin' all of us (Suckin' all of us)
She went upstairs and gave my lil' homie somе pussy (Some pussy)
The lil' nigga fucked around and got sprung (Got sprung)

Shе came out the room like, "Papi, my ass hurt"
She just put up with mad work, yeah
You worried 'bout the wrong thing
That's backwards, it's 'bout the cash first
When you down, we roll up that sour
Break it down in the back, girl
If I say that you mine, that mean that you ours
You can't put me first, that's backwards
You might also like
Said we in Miami, we just left Mr. Jones (Left Mr. Jones)
With a hundred bitches that's down, ready to fuck (Ready to fuck)
She said she wanna be a bartender, I'm like, "Your ass ain't fat enough"
Before you get that, you better go and get a tummy tuck (Tummy tuck)
She like, "Papi, can you give me fifty-five hundred?"
I ain't givin' you shit unless you suckin' all of us (Suckin' all of us)
She went upstairs and gave my lil' homie some pussy (Some pussy)
The lil' nigga fucked around and got sprung (Got sprung)

We in Sky-ami (We in Sky-ami)
Goin' all the way up (All the way up)
Gotta hunnid bitches in the VIP, ready to go fuck (Ready to go fuck)
Bitch came with no panties on, bent over my coupe (Yee)
Take Aventi to the jeweler, drop a big bag on a bitch drip, yeah
Top of the penthouse, a personal shopper bringin' fine threads can't find in the store
My bitch gon' step on a bitch in Dior
Smokin' out a pound, drink out the bottle
Mermaid, pussy taste like some water
Jimmy Choo shoe, Manolo Blahnik
Cop a new jewel just for the fun
Not the number two, shorty number one
Wrapped in plastic, then she found every one
Gotta smash every girl that I call
Makin' all the drip, got me on the moon
I be takin' shit down like a tycoon
Outta solitary straight on patron
Change the temperature when I walk in the room
Take the baddest bitches out, Mr. Jones (I'm Mr. Jones)
Take the baddest bitches out, Mr. Jones (I'm Mr. Jones)
Take the baddest bitches out, Mr. Jones (I'm Mr. Jones)
(I like that, hahaha)

Said we in Miami (We in Miami), we just left Mr. Jones (Just left Mr. Jones)
With a hundred bitches that's down, ready to fuck (Ready to fuck)
She said she wanna be a bartender, I'm like, "Your ass ain't fat enough" (Phew)
Before you get that, you better go get a tummy tuck (Oh yeah)
Said we in Miami (We in Sky-ami), we just left Mr. Jones (Just left Mr. Jones)
With a hundred bitches that's down, ready to fuck (Ready to fuck)
She said she wanna be a bartender, I'm like, "Your ass ain't fat enough" (Fat enough)
Before you get that, you better go get a tummy tuck
She like, "Papi, can you give me fifty-five hundred?" (Fifty-five hundred)
I ain't givin' you shit unless you suckin' all of us (Suckin' all of us)
She went upstairs and gave my lil' homie some pussy (Some pussy)
The lil' nigga fucked around and got sprung (Got sprung)9Embed