13 ContributorsZan Man Lyrics
It's Young Thug, bitch (Jonesboro South forever)
Haha (ROC Crew forever), my world
Try not to get putted out (We went from cheese to cheddar)
Um

Hopped off the G4, now I'm back to the basics (And what?)
I thank God that I am not racist
Shout out to Wayne 'cause he is not basic (He's not)
He got me on my turtle time, no Matrix (Ho)
And I promise I'll ball, no Patriot (Ball, ball)
And I'll be at the finish line slick waitin' (Where he at?)
Which is at the tip top, big Akron (Big)
But if I fall I'll die so I'm pacin' (Yay)
And I been in and out the bank, bitch (Wow)
While y'all assholes been in and out a tank, bitch
Yay, I think I'm on my Wayne cake shit (But what?)
But we smoke the same weed, the Wayne stank shit
And I'm at the top tied, no inner tube (None)
And I'll eat 'til you're sour like lemon food (Sour)
'Cause I'm the motherfuckin' boss and you a middle dude (And what?)
And you're just like the bricks, we get rid of you (Bitch)
And I should make a pledge of allegiance ('Cause what?)
'Cause these niggas small, they ain't in my region (Uh-uh)
I stay away from y'all when you niggas is bleedin'
'Cause I don't know if you know me like I'm takin' the pleadin'
Yeah, we in the buildin', them niggas that are outback (And what?)
I throw the children at your bitch and she caught that (She caught it)
And I'm the boss, so yeah, I Marshall Faulk that (I run it)
And my partner homie dare you, my fault, jack (Haha)
I'm at the top, no lie (No lie)
And I be in the motherfuckin' sky, don't fly (No fly)
And if I can't stay around you I'ma run right through you
But if you get right, bitch, I might new-new you (Yeah)
You might also like
Yeah, it's Thug
I have prison bars, yeah (Do the math)
Concrete jungle and shit (Jonesboro South), yeah
We been havin' this shit, man
Long, long time ago, I promise
Money make her reckless, man, I love y'all to death (Haha)

Money on your head, now you need a paper proof roof (Ho)
Niggas at me, damn, I need a bulletproof booth (And what?)
And what y'all call goons we call goof troops (And what?)
And them hoes we smashin', ya'll call 'em new-new
Ridin' with the fifty cal', old man protect me (I'm hot)
Hottest song out Universal, still neglect me (I mean)
Oops, I mean select me (Yay)
Skooly didn’t forget me (Skooly)
I fuck with Juugman, shit, respect, he get plenty (Juugman)
And I be with my dawgs like a hunter (Yeah)
We be blowin' racks while they starvin' out for hunger (And what?)
And say I look good but I am mean, sexy monster (Haha)
They wanna make me mad but Ty told me to stay humble (Big dawg, what's happenin'?)
Yay, and they ask me why I still respect Jimfro
'Cause he the motherfucker that made me, is you crazy?
And they ask me why I had two babies
'Cause let a lame fuck nigga clone me, is you crazy?
But if a nigga play with them babies (What?)
He gon' need the motherfuckin' Army and the Navy ('Cause um)
'Cause the ROC Crew move 'bout the babies (And what?)
And we got a thousand guns in Haiti (Big trunk)
And Skooly hopped up out a Porsche, and (Ayy, Skooly)
And I be ridin' 'round lurkin', me and York, yeah (Young Baby)
Or should I say the Zan Man' kids?
'Cause we be high like the school at Harvard's standards, you dig?
Hopped off the G4, now I'm back to the basic
Thank God that I am not racist
Places, locations
It's only for the meanwhile, these cases5Embed