22 ContributorsWhatcha Gonna Do LyricsHell yeah (2Pac yawning)
Hahaha

And uh, I started out dumb, sprung off a hood-rats
Listenin' to the radio, wishin' that I could rap
But nothing changed, I was stuck in the game
'Cause everybody in the industry was fuckin' me, mayne
Listen, I got a scheme, break away, do my own thang
Drop some conversation, sit back and let the phone ring
Niggas ain't wanna see me rise
97 watch me cut these motherfuckers down to size
And if I catch another case, Lord knows how they hate me
Got a player in the court room, please don't let 'em frame me
I've been dealt a lot of bad cards livin' as a thug
Count my blessings and throw my stressings in this land with no love
Maybe they seen me rollin', look at all this green I'm holdin'
I get this why they envious and get they eyes swollen
Hopin' the heavenly father love a hustler
Meet the hardest nigga on the Earth to ever bust a nut
My homies tell me, "Have a heart" — fuck they feelings
I've been tryin' to make a million since we started, we cold hearted
Niggas in masks that'll blast at the task force
Empty out my clip, time to mash, they asked for it
Me, Makaveli, I'm a motherfucker
We break bread, now we thug brothers, haha
Niggas talk a lot of non-shit I choose to ignore it
A war? They ain't ready for it haha
You might also like
Now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you
What y'all gonna do?
Now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you
What y'all gonna do?
Tell me now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you
What y'all gonna do?
Now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you
What y'all gonna do?

My nine is Thug lord, my mind on my grind
Outlawz is my heart, they shine when I shine
My rhyme is my grind, my team be on role
Proceed with the onslaught, indeed they all talk
They all marks and it's an Outlaw holocaust
When I got the sawed-off, niggas gettin' hauled off
Yeah, nigga beware, stand clear
This nigga's scared, man, I don't really care
I've been lost love, my heart need a hug
My bite need blood, I fight with a grudge
The life of a thug nigga might need gloves
But you'll never know with a price on your mug
Them fight strips snug right around your hands
Makin' sure you can never grab the mic again
Dog, you fuckin' with a grown man
Can't I can't afford to lose
Where we from niggas torture dudes
So whatcha wan' do?
Now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you
What y'all gonna do?
Tell me now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you
What y'all gonna do?
Tell me now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you
What y'all gonna do?
Now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you

Haha, watch me clown, give me lovin' when I'm high
I'm a outlaw baby, I'll be thuggin' 'til I die
In my drop-top, double-R, life as a rap star
Hustle like a crack fiend 'til they catch me
Go ask somebody to your show
Watchin niggas out of sight, in my night scope
Cookin' white dope, got my nigga 25-to-life stressed out
Tryin' to have all the better things in life
While Makaveli — a born leader, 10 millimeter
Change a nigga's future like a schizophrenic palm reader
Heed, from out the Bible I read
See the meek shall inherit the Earth and the strong will lead
Hittin' weed like it's alright
I'm in the studio makin' music all night
My enemies cry whenever I rise, they hated 'til the death
Tryin' to beat me out my last breath
Whatcha gonna do?
Now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you (now nigga now)
What y'all gonna do?
Now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you (throw you hands up)
What y'all gonna do?
Now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you (would you wanna fuck?)
What y'all gonna do?
Now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you (bust 'em, when my niggas come for you)
Now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you (come for you)
What y'all gonna do?
Now whatcha gonna do, when my niggas come for you
What y'all gonna do?Embed