17 ContributorsHead Up Lyrics
I just wish we all understood... the beauty... of music

Keep (Yeah!) your head (What!) to the sky (Uh, uh, uh, uh, come on!)
Keep (Yeah!) your head (What!) to the sky (Uh, uh, uh, uh)

When I think I don't deserve it, I think about Jesus
And the fact that he was perfect and he thinks that I'm worth it
I know I got a purpose, so when I don't like what I see in the mirror
I learn to look past the surface
Believe me God heard this, 'cause these words came from my heart
I was in pain, it was dark
Then came the spark to light down the road
To let me know that he would lighten up my load
And it's gon' get greater, later
God only wants the best for me, but the devil's a hater
I can see his eyes through the smiles of fake friends
If y'all think hate wins... just keep waitin'
At the end of the day who's will will you think will prevail
Or will you live to tell
Miracle after miracle it comes through
The spiritual individual is in you

Keep (Yeah!) your head (What!) to the sky (Uh, uh, uh, uh, come on!)
Keep (Yeah!) your head (What!) to the sky (Uh, uh, uh, uh)
You might also like
Lord, if you hear me, You know that I'm comin' to You sincerely
I need You near me, please feel me
I'm sick and I need for You to heal me
I'm lost and lookin' for the real me, I'm tired and weary
Haven't been able to see things clearly
And even though I know You love me dearly, I still get leery
So where does that leave me? Lost and alone
I wanna call God but it's like I lost my phone
Every day is a struggle, 'cause I juggle my problems
Need to let go and let God, 'cause only he could solve 'em
I'm tired of lyin' to myself, thinkin' I could do it on my own
But when I get left alone
That's when the devil sneaks in and creeps in
Knocks on the door lightly then peeks in
And it's usually around the weekends
That I get reckless and jump off the deep end (Come on)

Keep (Yeah!) your head (What!) to the sky (Uh, uh, uh, uh, come on!)
Keep (Yeah!) your head (What!) to the sky (Uh, uh, uh, uh)5Embed