16 ContributorsFriendz Lyrics
I want to be, yo, let me fuck that nigga down
You heard that shit, nigga
Ay, yo, what you going with that big ass
My ghetto love song, set it off, set it off
Let's be friends, where my niggas' at
Where my niggas', where my niggas'
Where my niggas' at, all my real niggas'
Where my niggas', where my niggas'

Let's be friends, throw your hands in the air
There's no need to front
Let's see you just throw your hands in the air
Let's be friends, Westside in this motherfucka right here
Throw your hands in the air, Westside

Approach you and post a minute, yeah, all on my double 'R' tinted
As you pass bye winking, my eye's freshly scented
What's the happ's baby, what's up, come get with me and perhaps lady
You can help me multiply my stacks, baby
Currency seems small, I need companionship
Through with that scandalous shit, I bet your man ain't shit, ain't shit
So why you're hesitating, acting like your shit don't stink
Check out my diamonds, bitch, everyone's going to blink
This be a thug paid outlaw nigga with riches
Cream dreaming motherfucker on a mash for bitches
Check my resume, sipping on Cristal and Alizé
Smoking on big weed, keyed the Cali way, Westside!
Don't like tricking but I'll buy you what fit
I can't stand no sneaker-wearing nappy head bitch
Let my pedigree breathe reason, this' OG
Putting bitch-made busters' to sleep with no grief
Mash on my so-called car, who the man
While I'm tugging on your made-bitch's hand? (Westside)
Understand this, ain't no nigga like me
Fuck Jay Z, he's broke and I smoke daily
Baby, let's be friends
You might also like
Lets be friends, where's my niggas' at, come on y'all
No need to front, let's be friends
Because I know you want to fuck
Let's be friends, no need to front, let's be friends
Because I know you want to fuck

I met you and I stuttered in passion
Though slightly blinded by that ass, it was hard to keep my dick in my pants every time you pass, got me checkin' for you hardcore, starin' and watchin'
Me and you, one on one, picture countless options
Was if prophecy clear as day, visions on top of me
Erotic, psychotic, when possess by bodies
Far from a crush, I wanna bust your guts
And touch everything inside you from my head to my nuts
You got me sweatin' like a fat girl goin' for mine
Just a skinny nigga fuckin' like she stole my mind
Back in time, I recall how she used to be
I guess money and fame made you used to me
What's up in '96? Find tricks in drag
Fuck Dre! Tell that bitch he can kiss my ass!
Back to you, my pretty-ass caramel queen
Got my hands on your thighs, now let me inbetween as friends

Lets be friends, where's my niggas' at, come on y'all
No need to front, let's be friends
Because I know you want to fuck
Let's be friends, no need to front, let's be friends
Because I know you want to fuck
Can you imagine me in player mode, rush the tricks
I got her ready for a booty call, I fucked your bitch
Was it me or the fame, my dick or the game
Bet I scream "Westside" when I came (Westside)
Scream my name because, baby, it's delicious
Got a weak spot for pretty bitches up and down, similar to switches
My movement, baby, let your back dip into it, make it fluent
In and out, all around when a nigga do it
You've got me high, let me come inside
I love it when you get on top, baby let me ride
Who wants to stop me, am I top notch
Fuck player-hating niggas' because they cock block
You'd probably hate to see a real thug with vision, what's the game?
Rather see a nigga up in prison, why have you changed?
Made a living out of cuss words, liquor and weed
A bad seed turned good in this world of G's
Baby's got me fantasizing, seeing you naked
It's a fuck song, check the record, so check my record

Lets be friends, where's my niggas' at?
Show me where my niggas at, where my bitches at?
Show me where my bitches at, come on
Let's be friends, where my people at?
Show me where my people at, (right here)
Where my people at? (Westside)
Where my niggas at? theres my niggas there
Where my niggas at? theres my niggas yeaah
Where my bitches at? where my bitches? here
Where my bitches at? Where my bitches? come on
(Let's be friends) Where my bitches at?
Where my bitches? yeaah, come on, Where my bitches at?
And the cash gettin' niggas, come on (Let's be friends)
Be friends, tell me where my niggas at?
Be friends, tell me where my bitches at?
Be friends, tell me where my people at?
Make money, take money, let's be friends
Make money, take money, get your cash on
Come on, get your cash on, let's get paid
Make money, take money, let's get paid
Come on, get your cash on, let's get paid
Make money, take money, let's get paid
Come on, get your cash on, let's get paid
Make money, take money, let's get paid
Come on, get your cash on, let's get paidEmbed