33 ContributorsAlone With Me Lyrics
Marcus fuckin' Hopson, my guy, what up? Don't mean to intervene
How are things goin'? Talk to me, how you livin' G?
You look so confused right now, do you remember me?
'Cause I've been with you since a teen, fuckin' you up mentally
I love it (I do) stayin' inside your head, where the rent is free
I'm just here to make sure you keep all your crazy tendencies
Look at yourself in disbelief, struggle with your identity
Stuck in depression until you diagnosed with it clinically
How's your love life? It's still a triflin' mess?
Nigga you thirty-five, you haven't found a wifey yet?
I mean, if I was you would I be stressed? Y-E-S
I guess a mail-order bride is nice, it might be best
So, how did you manage to get rich, yet be so empty?
Constantly stuck in a deep old frenzy
Maybe your ego ain't eco-friendly, bro you got a life that we don't envy
And I bet suicide must be so tempting, do it

Wait, hold up (Damn) Fuck's wrong with me?
I can't leave me alone with me
I'm like, "Who is this nigga and why do I fear him?"
It couldn't be clearer, the man inside the mirror
Wait, hold up (Shit) It's got control of me
I don't know who I'm supposed to be
I'm like, "Who is this nigga and why do I fear him?"
It couldn't be clearer, the man inside the mirror
You might also like
So, how's the rap life? Do people enjoy your music?
Or you still spittin' that bullshit to destroy the youth with?
Be honest, you live in the shadow of Joyner Lucas (Oh-oh)
You jealous? I know that you are, my point is proven
Fuck happened to you? You was spittin' so cold
You was the Ill Mind of Hopsin, on the list with the GOATs
Then you fell off, you should've took a different approach (Aw)
I hate to say it, but you'll never be like Kendrick or Cole, nigga
It's fucked up, that isn't fair, Marcus
I'm hopin' that God will answer your prayers, Marcus
But even if he does the chances are rare that you'll
Have hands in the air headlinin' Madison Square Garden
Nigga put the mic' down, don't you fight this fight
'Cause you the corny rapper only weird white kids like
So, every time the blogs post you, the comments gon' roast you
I would rather be dead than be caught livin' in your shoes

Wait, hold up (I'm trippin') The fuck's wrong with me?
I can't leave me alone with me
I'm like, "Who is this nigga and why do I fear him?"
It couldn't be clearer, the man inside the mirror
Wait, hold up (Please stop) It's got control of me
I don't know who I'm supposed to be
I'm like, "Who is this nigga and why do I fear him?"
It couldn't be clearer, the man inside the mirror
Aight, I got an idea, I'll tell you how it works
It's gonna sound a little outrageous, but hear me out first
You turn your phone off for two weeks and start an outburst
Of worried family members, which leads to a local town search
But when they find you, you dead inside of your crib (Perfect)
With a letter that says goodbye to your kid
But you don't get to see him anyway 'cause your ex is wildin' and shit
So, in his little head, it's like you already died, it's a trip
While you reside in Heaven or Hell, whichever side that it is
Your baby mom's'll regret the shit she never tried to get fixed
If you're alive, chances are she'll never try to repent
I'm just tryna show you ways to exercise your revenge
All you want is love, right? Well, you gon' have to get some balls
Shoot your fuckin' brains out until they splat against the walls
I mean it has to hit the blogs and all your fans'll get involved
And you'll be missed, 'cause people don't know what they have until it's lost

Hug your dad and kiss your mom before this transition is done
Into the new life, your current one is trash, it isn't fun
Yeah, everybody got problems and we all fightin' this big war
But your problems are different, you got nothin' to live for

Wait, hold up (Oh no) The fuck's wrong with me?
I can't leave me alone with me
I'm like, "Who is this nigga and why do I fear him?"
It couldn't be clearer, the man inside the mirror
Wait, hold up (Please stop) It's got control of me
I don't know who I'm supposed to be
I'm like, "Who is this nigga and why do I fear him?"
It couldn't be clearer, the man inside the mirror
What I'm thinking, what you're thinking is not the important thing
We're alive right now, that is the important thing
It is important that you focus on this fundamental sense of aliveness within you
And then you'll see there's a natural distance between you and your thought process
Once you create a little space between you and your mind, between you and your body, this is the end of suffering
Don't identify any thought as negative, because it's just a thought Who told you it's negative? It's just a thought, you're making it up
Maybe you like it, what's the problem?
If you understand it's just a thought, it has no power
If you think it's a reality, then it destroys you18Embed