22 ContributorsLet Them Thangs Go Lyrics
Throw them thangs
Throw them thangs (Kick me in!)
Throw them thangs (Yo nigga, throw…)

The quicker the nigga can go on
The faster the nigga can get his dough on
Then I can hit my flow and get my ho on
Them niggas don't know what goes on
They tryin' to fuck with all they clothes on
Then act up when all the hoes gone

Are you ready for my flow? Hit me! (Hoooooooo!)
Are you ready for my flow? Hit me! (Hoooooooo!)
Are you ready for my flow? Hit me! (Hoooooooo!)
Stop frontin', motherfucker, let them thangs go!

I'm quick to kill a nigga, any nigga, feel me nigga
You can't fade me, I'm way too fuckin' real nigga
2Pacalypse Now, still down with the Underground
Niggas get clowned when I come around
Boom boom, motherfucker, and it don't stop
Fuck a cop, pass the Glock, and it won't stop
You might also like
If you ready for my flow, hit me! (Hoooooooo!)
If you ready for my flow, hit me! (Hoooooooo!)
If you ready for my flow, hit me! (Hoooooooo!)
Stop frontin', motherfucker, let them thangs go!

If you wonderin' the thunder and the trouble
Is comin' from the rebel as I hit ya from the lower level
Hit me once fuckin' D M and two times
Poppin' like two 9's hittin' 'em with new rhymes
I can make you love me
Best to chill with the nigga 'cause you sure can't punch me

If you feel me, let me hear you say (Rock that shit!)
If you feel me, let me hear you say (Rock that shit!)
If you feel me, let me hear you say (Rock that shit!)
'Cause ain't a nigga alive that can stop the hit

Hey, hold on, young 'Pac
Motherfuckers ain't ridin' no hookers out here
Punk motherfuckers think the Town
Ain't got handle bars on and shit
And you lie to get slapped behind here
With a motherfuckin' motor, punk sissy
Tell them motherfuckin' square-ass niggas
Check this out
Y'all finna come up off those motherfuckin' thangs
'Cause I ain't finna be up in sweatin' for nothin'
You little punk square nigga!

I'm quick to spit the shit get you open
Straight outta Oakland
Fuck the law, get your jaw broken
Ba-ba-ba-bang bang, nigga, it's a stick-up, dee
Turn the kick up, I'm ready to rip the shit up, G
They got me hype-hype-hyper, am I hype enough?
Pass the blunt, motherfucker, let me light shit up!
And pump you fist like this
'Cause the cops can't flip on a whole damn clique
So suck dick!
What they hittin' 'fo? Double up, nigga it's on
The type of nigga that likes to bone with the lights on

If you ready for a nigga, hit me! (Hooooooo!)
If you ready for a nigga, hit me! (Hooooooo!)
If you ready for a nigga, hit me! (Hooooooo!)
Stop frontin', motherfucker, let them thangs go!
Yes, some of you niggas are bitches too
Little square motherfuckers tryin' to get to who?
Pop pop, never made it to your punk-ass clique
Talk shit, now you gotta get your punk-ass whipped
For the bitches that be tryin' to work a nigga (Fuck that bitch!)
For the tramps that be tryin' to jerk a nigga (Fuck that trick!)
For the rollers that be tryin' to irk a nigga (Fuck the cops!)
I'ma hustle and you punks can't hurt me nigga

If you ready for a nigga, hit me! (Hooooooo!)
If you ready for a nigga, hit me! (Hooooooo!)
If you ready for a nigga, hit me! (Hooooooo!)
Stop frontin', motherfucker, let them thangs go!

Uh, uh, yeah
Let them thangs go3Embed