34 ContributorsGod Might Judge Lyrics
Ayy, this one for all the ladies out there
This like that old Kanye
That College Dropout Kany—
This that new workout though
When you in the gym and shit, doing squats
Ha, ayy, we finna turn up man

Yeah, yeah
All my girls, yeah they know the deal
I'ma keep it a hundred girl, I’ma keep it real
I'ma tell you the truth, it don't matter how you feel
First class but my shirt Coach
Never bougie, I ain’t scared to hit the roach
Straight up out the ashtray, out the ashtray
Everybody know that boy, he got a lot of cash play
I am the Young Sinatra, do it my way
I do a one-eighty  on the highway
I got a couple cars in my driveway
I got a couple broads in my driveway
I say, "Who got the Ubеr on they phone?"
I ain't tryna cuddle with you, girl, you sleepin' on you own
Ain't nobody fuckin' with mе, you could tell by the tone
Got a lotta women waitin' by they phone, all alone
But I'm here for you
When I get home, I'll be the one to pull your hair for you
The only one to get up in your favorite area
And go way back, where it’s deep down
She love it when I make her come to my compound
She play my music just to hear my voice
Yeah, that boy so busy she ain’t got a choice
Know I put that work in 'til that girl ain’t got a voice
Roll my weed on the dash, you could call me Rolls-Royce
I'ma fuck you in the west wing, then the east
Throw you on the dinner table then get to the feast
Oh no, she might not be the one but she the right freak
She even got my name tatted on her right cheek, oh!
You might also like
God might judge you but the boy won't
You know the boy will satisfy you like the toy won't
Yeah, these other dudes playin’ but the boy don't
Say it might not work, what do they know?
God—God—God might judge you but the boy won't
You know the boy will satisfy you like the toy won't
Yeah, these other dudes playin' but the boy don't
Say it might not work, what do they know?

Uh, got a lot to give, got a lot to give
I just fucked around and dropped four M's on my crib
Yes, I got a lot to give, got a lot to give
Get the fuck up out my business, let that boy live (Okay)
Shawty said she want it, said she know she need it
Never put my hands on her but you know I beat it (Beat it, beat it)
Like Mike, beat it up like Michael
I can't throw these girls away, that boy Logic recycle
Open up the Rolodex, I'm goin' through a cycle
I ain't really one to party but I might go psycho
Like, what up with it? I'ma get it, I'ma hit it, baby—step back
Second I step in, they know that I'm reppin' it, baby—what's that?
PLP, this the B-O-double-B-Y
I don't know, ho, but I'm feelin' pretty fly
I just wanna take a moment, tell you that you're worth it, you're perfect
Baby, you're beautiful, you deserve it
God might judge you but the boy won't
You know the boy will satisfy you like the toy won't
Yeah, these other dudes playin' but the boy don't
Say it might not work, what do they know?
God—God—God might judge you but the boy won't
You know the boy will satisfy you like the toy won't
Yeah, these other dudes playin' but the boy don't
Say it might not work, what do they know?

Uh, get it, baby girl, you deserve it, you're perfect
If you ain't never had a man tell you that you're—
Get it—get it—get it, baby girl, you deserve it, you're perfect
If you ain't never had a man tell you that you're worth it, then I will
Oh yeah, you know, girl, that I will
Yeah, I promise you right now that I will
Ain't got no title but I don't believe that I'm gonna leave
Oh no, no, girl, do not worry 'bout that
Yeah, I'm gon' jump on this jet but I promise that I'm comin' back
I said yeah, I'm gon' jump on this jet but I promise that I'm comin' back for you
Girl, I'll never break your heart but I'll break your back
I'm gonna tear that pussy apart soon as I get back
Shawty, don't play, girl, you know what I need
A beautiful woman to take care of me
I close my eyes and you're all that I see
You want a man and want it to be me
I want it too but I need to be free
Is that selfish of me?
Is that selfish? (I think so)
Maybe I'm scared
Maybe I'm scared 'cause it's been so long
Would you be there?
Would you be there for me to hold on?
Maybe I'm scared
Maybe I'm scared 'cause it's been so long
Would you be there?
Would you be there for me to hold when it's over?
Promise you won't ever tell me it's over
God might judge you but the boy won't
You know the boy will satisfy you like a toy won't
Yeah, these other dudes playin' but the boy don't
Say it might not work, what do they know?
God—God—God might judge you but the boy won't
You know the boy will satisfy you like a toy won't
Yeah, these other dudes playin' but the boy don't
Say it might not work, what do they know?2Embed