34 ContributorsDon’t You Trust Me Lyrics
I ain't got time for this, man, I'm out

You should stop, for a while
You will find me standing by (Don't you trust me?)
Over here, at the side of your life (It's not that I don't trust you)
You spend all your hours just rushin' around
Do you have a little time to have a little time for me?

As soon as I leave the house, you wanna page me
See, you got me trapped, I'm goin' crazy, this is slavery
You act like it's outrageous, give me space, it won't get better
And maybe we will argue and be through with all these sorry letters
Soon as I come home, it's like I get third degree
Where you been and who you with, I get no room to breathe
It makes me wanna leave, I'm sick of these tricks up your sleeve
You're suspiciou,s I deceive, give me grief without belief
But to me, if you really trust me, then it's pitiful
Question me about my whereabouts, that's so trivial (Trivial)
Let me live my life and you can live yours
Just be there to help me, and support, that's what you're here for (Here for)
Not to give me stress and add to pressure
Home is where I go to rest, I go to pass the test (The test)
I'm sorry if I left you all alone
But I couldn't make it home, so we argue on the phone
Don't you trust me?
You might also like
You should stop, for a while
You will find me standing by (Don't you trust me?)
Over here, at the side of your life (It's not that I don't trust you)
You spend all your hours just rushin' around
Do you have a little time to have a little time for me?

Callin' at my house, then hangin' up, you think that makes sense?
Tell me what it takes for us to shake, so we can be friends (Be friends)
It's time for us to take our separate paths
We had a lot of laughs, but the good's become the past (Past)
Let's make it an even break, don't make it scandalous
Try and be mature, I'm pretty sure that we can handle this (Handle this)
You're sayin' I'm too busy, I ignore you
I guess you didn't hear me when I said that I cared for you (Cared for you)
But now it seems the arguments are nightly
I wanna hold you tightly, but instead, you wanna fight me (Fight me)
So why let it stress and aggravate me?
Instead, I'd rather break, hope you don't hate me
You tell me that you love me, but you're lyin'
Fightin' back the urge to just start cryin'
I'll wipe away your tears, come and hug me
I love you like you love me, girl, but don't you trust me?

You should stop, for a while
You will find me standing by (Don't you trust me?)
Over here, at the side of your life (It's not that I don't trust you)
You spend all your hours just rushin' around
Do you have a little time to have a little time for me? (It's not that I don't trust you)
I hang up the phone, I can't bear to hear you yellin' at me
Maybe we should end it, neither one of us are happy (Happy)
You know that I'm emotional, you know me
Comin over cryin' just to get me feelin' guilty
You and me were meant to be and yet
You always wanna sweat, how much closer can we get?
Don't fret, just let me pack my things and I'll be outtie
This time I'm breakin' out, you let your mouth overcrowd me
I can't take the beefin' and the griefin'
I get no room to sleep, I hope to see some, 'cause I'm leavin' (Leavin')
Maybe next time you'll be a little more sure
And I can give you more when you mature (Mature)
But, baby, until then, I gotta leave you
It's not that I don't need you, but, see you (See you)
And I hope you understand why I'm bustin'
Not because we rushed it (Hell, no), don't you trust me?

You should stop, for a while
You will find me standing by (Don't you trust me?)
Over here, at the side of your life (It's not that I don't trust you)
You spend all your hours just rushin' around (Don't you trust me?)
Do you have a little time to have a little time for me? (It's not that I don't trust you)

Don't you trust me?
It's not that I don't trust you
Don't you trust me?
It's not that I don't trust you13Embed