4 ContributorsAmerican Dreamin’ (A Cappella) Lyrics
Uhh, uhh!
This is the shit you dream about with the homies steaming out
Back-to-back, backing them Bimmers out
Seems as our plans to get a grant
Then go off to college, didn't pan or even out
We need it now, we need a town
We need a place to pitch, we need a mound
For now, I’m just a lazy boy
Day dreaming in my La-Z-Boy
In the clouds of smoke, been playing this Marvin
Mama forgive me, should be thinking about Harvard
But that's too far away, niggas are starving
Nothing wrong with my aim, just gotta change the target
I got dreams of bagging snidd-ow, the size of pillows
I see pies every time my eyes clidd-ose
I see rides, sixes, I gotta get those
Life's a bitch, I hope to not make her a widow

(American dreamin’)
(I'm just American dreamin')
(American dreamin')

Uh, uhhhh!
Now see the life's right there, and it seems right there
It's not quite near, and it's not like we're
Professionals, moving the decimals
Know where to cop? Nah! Got a connect? No!
Who in the F knows how to be successful
Need a Personal Jesus, I’m in Depeche Mode
They say its celestial, it’s all in the stars
Like Tony La Russa on how you play your Cards
'Cause y’all ain't fucking with me! The ironies are
At all costs better avoid these bars
Now let's start, on your mark
Get set, let's go, get out the car
Going in circles it’s a vicious cycle
This is a crash course, this ain't high school
Wake up Muttley, you're dreaming again
Your own reality show, the season begins
You might also like
(American dreamin')
(I'm just American dreamin')
(American dreamin')

Step one in this process: scramble up in your projects
And head to the heights where big coke is processed
You gotta convince them that you're not from the precinct
Please speak slow 'cause he no speaky no English
If he takes a liking after a couple of trips
And your money is straight, he's going to give you consignment
You're now in a game where only time can tell
Survive the droughts, I wish you well - hold up
Survive the droughts? I wish you well?
How sick am I? I wish you health
I wish you wheels, I wish you wealth
I wish you insight so you could see for yourself
You could see the signs when the jackers is scheming
And the cops is coming, you could read they mind
You could see from behind, you could redefine
The game as we know it, one dream at a time
I'm, American dreamin'

(American dreamin')
(I'm just American dreamin')
(American dreamin')
American dreamin'Embed