28 ContributorsStrugglin’ Lyrics
Eat a dick up

["Stick up, stick up, stick up kids...
Still don't nothin' move but the money
Stick up, stick up, stick up kids...
Still don't nothin' move but the money"]

Strugglin', jugglin', got it to the black man
Eatin' the scams like I was motherfuckin' Pac-Man
Cops step off, you know the flavor
They fear the ruffneck niggas with the lunatic behavior
And now we gotta eat, gotta make ends meet
Stabbin' for a fee, it gets hard on the fuckin' streets
It's like a madness, fuck making gravy
I rhyme and do crimes, 'cause either way pays me
A little rough with a hardcore...theme
Couldn't rough something rougher in your...dreams
Mad rugged so you know we're gonna ... rip
With that roughneck nigga named 2Pacalypse
Representing YG'z yo
Flip Stretch Homicide and my nigga Gambino
Seek and Po, can't forget Money Bags
Stickin' up spots and jumpin' in Jags
Gotta get ahead and always stay bumblin'
And always keep a hand on the gat
'Cause a niggas straight strugglin'
You might also like
["Stick up, stick up, stick up kids...
Still don't nothin' move but the money
Stick up, stick up, stick up kids...
Still don't nothin' move but the money"]

I'm used to being poor, but now I'm sick of strugglin'
I thought about bumpin', but motherfuck jugglin'
I know it lasts longer, gets my pockets thicker
But I'd rather use my gun 'cause I get the money quicker, so bust it
Look as I cut the records hard to eject
A quick clip threw my body down, uhh! It's another hit
I got energy to blast now you want the task here
'Cause of the light a motherfucker shot that ass up
But rugged and rough is how I'm steppin'
Mac is the weapon, and it's always kept in
Eye on the Mac 'cause the dogg got it goin' on
If you come up steppin' you'll be lit like a hick
So you better chill, 'cause I got too much money to get
A street thug in the motherfuckin' house, I'm strugglin'
Get drunk but I don't think
I'm just in it for the money, don't be a punk snitch
When I yank up my gun, don't run don't bitch
'Cause ya know if you do, you'll be layin' in a ditch
You'll get your stupid ass blown out the frame
'Cause I'm playing to win, and survive in the game
I'm strugglin'
["Stick up, stick up, stick up kids...
Still don't nothin' move but the money
Stick up, stick up, stick up kids...
Still don't nothin' move but the money"]

Big up, big up, got him in the frame, bang
Ain't nothin' changed, set it off, I let the brains hang
Guess who's back to put niggas on they back
Feel the contact, niggas running free better fall back
I'm fifty niggas deep, beat sleep
With a Mossberg wrapped in my sheets
Three deep in my Jeep chief run with the Young Gunz
Strugglin' and strivin', that's how the dough come
Now get gunned by the one with the gun for the low goal
Throw a bolo so low when I flow yo
Much too high to read the signs, I'm blind
Clickin' on the nine, out to get mine
I go big up, big up, gotta make the room, boom
Blowin' motherfuckers to the moon
Niggas need to feel me a real G, humbin' the bumblin'
See me on the block, strugglin'
And rollin' with the roughnecks 'nuff checks cashed
I get in niggas ass, blast
Straight strugglin'
["Stick up, stick up, stick up kids...
Still don't nothin' move but the money
Stick up, stick up, stick up kids...
Still don't nothin' move but the money
Stick up, stick up, stick up kids...
Still don't nothin' move but the money
Stick up, stick up, stick up kids...
Still don't nothin' move but the money"]1Embed