19 ContributorsThug N U Thug N Me Lyrics
Put me in that; ay come on JoJo ('Pac.. hahaha)
Yeah that type of shit (maybe it's the thug in me)
You know what time it is (maybe it's the thug in me)

By age thirteen I was buckwild, good at my knuckle game
Made it through a tough childhood never be the same
Walked in my daddy's shoes
No time to be a peaceful man had to shatter fools
That's 'til I put my eyes on you
God damn, sweetheart you got some thighs on you
Now I can't wait to get you home, get you all alone
In my bedroom, baby can we bone, and get it on
Tell me lady how you like me
And if you want it harder baby, come and bite me
But do it lightly
Cause that excites me to lay the pipe
And if you lick me right, I'll do it all night
Only got fucked by a drug dealer
Never felt the real passion of a thug nigga (haha)
Though I like the way you scream when you lovin' me
I'm goin' deep, it's the thug in me
So whatchu sayin' girl?

A thug nigga like me, I need a thug lady like you, give it to me
I got a lot of thug in me, lot of thug (Maybe it's the thug in me)
That I wanna put in you (maybe it's the thug in you)
A thug nigga like me, I need a thug lady like you.. can you check it
I got a lot of thug in me.. do you want it (Maybe it's the thug in me)
That I wanna give to you girl (Maybe it's the thug in you)
You might also like
Moan baby when we bone it's on
It's so strong niggas in the next room'll cum
I got ya head swingin'
Tongue kissin', as I hit it from the back with the bed ringin' (haha)
Give me space, as I lick ya face, stick the place
Synchronize so I drive when they kick the bass
Love fuckin' in tha mo'nin'
I get ya wet and bust a sweat, then I'm gone
Left you on yo' own girl
Tell me what you feel like
Blindfolded, I'm cold do it real nice - that's if it feel right
Maybe it's the thug in me
I pull ya hair while we fuckin' in the chair, when ya lovin' me
Up against the wall, you can have it all; just try
Bet my kiss, to get you high, don't pass by
Grab me by my nuts when I'm lovin' you
Now open up and let me put the thug in you

A thug nigga like me, I need a thug lady like you, give it to me
I got a lot of thug in me (Maybe it's the thug in me).. lot of thug
That I wanna put in you
A thug nigga like me, I need a thug lady like you, can you check it
I got a lot of thug in me, do you want it
That I wanna give to you girl (Maybe it's the thug in you)
Say baby what's your phone number?
Be warned, I'm like a storm with my own thunder
I make the room rumble, in and out long stroke
Hold ya breath now, close your eyes deep throat
Did you like it?.. Oooh I'm excited!
Cause it's a party in my bedroom, you're invited
C'mon now, let me see ya shake your rump
Tell me, how long will it take to cum
Havin' fun, do it one on one and we can all get involved
First y'all do me, then I'll fuck y'all
When you call me the next day
To get sexed by a nigga in the best way
Yeah baby it's a price to pay
Only play in the fast lane
When you a hustler, motherfuck a cash came
I gotcha goin' wild, 'cause I'm lovin' you
Drugged out with this motherfuckin' thug in you

A thug nigga like me, I need a thug lady like you
I got a lot of thug in me
That I wanna put in you and you
A thug nigga like me, I need a thug lady like you
I got a lot of thug in me (Maybe it's the thug in me)
That I wanna give to you girl (Maybe it's the thug in you)
A thug nigga like me, I need a thug lady like you
I got a lot of thug in me
That I wanna put in you and you (Maybe it's the thug in me)
A thug nigga like me, I need a thug lady like you
I got a lot of thug in me (Maybe it's the thug in me)
That I wanna give to you girl
Oh yeah!.. like me!..yeah.. look at me baby..yeah..yeah
Like me! .. you do..

I hold a lot of thug in me, you hold a lot of thug in ya
I hold a lot of thug in me
I hold a lot of thug in me, I hold a lot of thug in ya
I hold a lot of thug in me
Now c'mon, I hold a lot of thug in me
Hold a lot of thug in you, hold a lot of thug in me
C'mon, hold a lot of thug in me
Gotta be some thug in ya, gotta be some thug in me
C'mon, hold a lot of thug in me
I gotta be some thug in ya
Can you feel it?
I hold a lot of thug in me, I gotta be some thug in ya
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

I don't wanna talk, I don't want no explanations
I don't got no motherfuckin' explanations, y'knahmsayin?
It's the thug in me
Don't be askin' why I'm pullin' your hair
And why I fuck so motherfuckin' thuggish
That thug passion, y'knahmean?
Bitch, no mercy
What you scared of?
Didn't you come over here to get fucked? (no)
You ain't come over here for me to be
Strokin', and all that bullshit
You came over here to get fucked (no)
Shit, if I ain't fuck you thug style
Bitch you'd leave my house talkin' bout, "2Pac can't serve me"
Won't have me crossed up in that bullshit, hahaha
Turn over! maybe it's the thug in me! ..4Embed