6 ContributorsDJ CapCom (Freestyle) Lyrics
You are now about to witness the strength of street knowledge
Yo (Haha)
Ayo, CapCom, what up?
The business is crazy (You can feel it)
East End Empire and all that (Runnin' through my bones and shit)
Just some good ol' city lovin', ya know? (Haha)
PGH, ha (We do it big)
Pittsburgh, what up?
Let me get at these fools, yo (412, what?)

So let me in the deuce, they don't know 'bout the damn triple E's gettin' cheese
Like they infested with disease (Woo)
I'm on point, every song I do
I never slip, man, always standin' on my two (Haha)
Look, I stretch brains like elastic, bro (What?)
And suffocate paper with a plastic flow
I heard your girl wanna smash, yeah, that's fo sho'
And she can get licked like a stash o' dough
My cash low like I stay down (What?)
The beat bully on the playground
We stayin' in day in and day out
Hopin' I'ma fade-out (Nah), but y'all better get used to me
Switch usin' brain more usefully
Truthfully, we the best in the 'Burgh
We the East End, bitch, give a "Yes" if ya heard
Yessir (Yessir), we live from the 412
You won't believe what ya boy gon' do
Homie, ya sent me
You might also like
Ha, you know how we do it in PGH, man
Steel city, real gritty, and all that (So fresh); ya dig it?
Haha (I'm glad to be back, y'all), yo
I do it for my city (Haha)
I do it for my people's (Smokin')
And I do it for hip-hop (That's what it is), ha, and the money
Ayo, Mac

The Empire strikes back (Huh?), yeah, it's like that (Chyeah)
I keep my clothes clean, rockin' it with price tags
See a fine dime, I'ma pipe that ('Sup, baby?)
Take her over to the crib for the night cap (Yeah)
It's the life that I choose for the music
The Class Clown, hip-hop's Three Stooges (Uh-huh)
Stew with a reuben (Yeah), gotta keep it movin' (Uh-huh)
MCs and beats like this food that I'm chewin'
Shorty, what ya doin'? Oh, you see me lookin' at ya? (Yo)
Wanna tell all of your friends you fucked a rapper (Haha)
I'm tryin' to tell you that I'm down for the cause
So let me see that booty, give a round of applause (Round of applause)
Oh my God, all these fine women
Liquor in my cup that got my mind spinnin' (Mind spinnin')
Plus a Swisher, 'bout to put the piff in (Uh-huh)
That's the life that I'm livin' (What?)
Livin' just to love
Livin' just for the city
Livin'-livin'-livin' just to love
Livin'-livin'-livin' just for the cityEmbed