83 ContributorsO.C.B. Lyrics
These are the only-child blues
The only-child blues
The only-child who? Yo, yo, yo
Back once again—hello, it's yo' favorite mellow schizo
The pavement on this yellow brick road fuckin' up my mental
My mood just like the tempo
Heartbeat, that instrumental
I never lack potential, every track is essential
Every project is special, abundant and fundamental
Give a fuck about hundreds as long as it's for my mental
With wisdom from what I've been through
Knowledge that some can't get to
Understanding that college is only out for a nickel
We could all be so simple, tune it to the metronome
This how I used to feel back on the metro home
Fresh outta class I knew these days, they wouldn't last
Just a stepping stone I gotta pass, another story for the lap
But fuck it, give him glory when he crash
He gettin' revved up, heads up and he's coming fast
He paved the lane before the cash
They tryna swerve me out of that
But I don't just got speed, nigga, I handle my ass
Pedal to the gas, life is but a getaway dash
My mama stash guarded by my pen and pad
I'm drawin' weapons with the raps
You shoot, I shoot back—no questions asked
Raise your hands for the realest cat alive
(Cat alive, cat alive, cat alive, cat alive...)
You might also like
(That's that boy, right there—that's Joey Bad'!)
The only-child blues (Joey 'for the money, man—yo, Joey, man!)
The only-child who? Yo (Yo, Joey!)

And I remember sittin' in my room all alone
Staring at my ceiling fan, getting in my zone
Mama was never home
Woke up one morning; Papa was gone
Young and lost so I ease my mind to popular songs
And of course I sold my mind to music
Writing everything I thought
Started openin' my mind, then I send it abroad
They don't know what my ascending has caused
My third eye been blinking since
Irv Gotti been inking murderous thoughts
At least that's how Irv gotta be thinking
If I'm takin' a loss and I'm better next week
And I'm never weaker
Never sinking on the fucking deep end
Any shit I missed I prolly peeped it

(Like, you know, it's fast living)
These are the only-child blues (It's not necessarily living)
The only-child who?
(You can also speak on the facts that, hey, you're a teenager)
The only-child blues
(How me and you, we go back and forth with it all the time)
(Like, you know) What, the only-child blues
These are the only-child who?
The only-child blues
Yo, only-child blues—O-C-B, O-C-B
"Jo-Vaughn, clean your room"—O.C.D., O.C.D
I used to wanna be like ODB, ODB
Now, I'm a rap star—O-M-G, O-M-G
Only child-blues—O-C-B, O-C-B
"Yo, Jo-Vaughn clean your room"—O.C.D., O.C.D
I used to wanna be like ODB, ODB
Now, I'm a rap star—O-M-G, O-M-G, what?

Everything is perception
Your perception of yourself or who you are is not what other people think that you are
So like for instance, you might say "I'm cool; I don't wear jewelry, I don't this, I don't that"
You don't have to29Embed