10 ContributorsThe Case of the Misplaced Mic Lyrics
They finally did it (What's that?) They stole the mic I grip
Now that it's gone (What's wrong?) I'm feelin' tired and sick
(How did they do it?) Yo I don't know, I wasn't sleepin' that long
When I woke up (What happened brother?) My microphone was gone
At first I panicked (How?) I put the cops on the case
But they was stumped (Damn), without a clue or a trace
So as sure as smokin' cigarettes is bad for your health
If I want my microphone back I'll find it myself
So I picked up the phone (For what?) I called Dize
(What's up?) My mic's gone (Word?) Let's get busy!
Before I told Dize what I wanted to do
He was over at my house with the TMS crew
He said (Word is out on every mouth on the street
Now that your mic is is gone, it's not long 'til you're beat)
And then it hit me (Damn), I got a battle at six
Without my microphone, I'm guaranteed to get whipped
Ya might think it's unbelievable, but word to the strength
When it comes to rockin' rhymes, I'm a musical nymph
They gave me other mics, but yo, it wasn't no use
I tried to rock it (One-two one-two), but I couldn't get loose
I said forget it, with microphone or not
I gotta do it, give it all that I got
(Yo, what if you lose?) It'd be the first time I lost
But if I beat 'em, it'd finally prove that I'm the boss
I grabbed my leather jacket, walked through the streets
Suckas was hopin' and prayin', Strictly D.O.P.E. would get beat
I begin to get hype, I was ready to fight
Yo, I was confident that I'd win, to hell with the mic!
I hop on to the stage, Dize started the beat
The sucka' shivered, because he tasted defeat
Then I signaled to Dize and bust a rhyme off my head
Perpetrator fell back (Ha!) And then he was dead
I was happy as hell, 'cause I was lucky that night
Put my hand in my pocket, and there was my mic
You might also like
The case of the misplaced mic
Strictly D.O.P.E. in the house
Misplaced mic
The case of the misplaced mic
Dize on the cut
My misplaced mic
Misplaced mic1Embed