43 ContributorsWhy U Turn on Me? Lyrics
(Ol' switcheroo-ass, bitch made motherfuckers, just be friends)
Outlaw nigga, Westside, throw it up
Hahaha.. had love for 'em, but why you turnin' on me?
Why me? Westside, how you do it boy?

I went from, nothin' to somethin' now they all wanna see me fallin'
And the player haters hate to see a thug nigga ballin'
They say we hate the East coast, but that's funny
Got a lot of love for, any nigga gettin' money
I made a song about my enemies and niggas tripped
It was hip-hop until 2Pac fucked Biggie bitch
Y'all niggas hypocrites and bitch made
Now either love me or hate me but real thug niggas get paid
Have me catchin' cases all across the nation
I went from jail to bail to barely on probation
They got a player facin' three strikes
And we might, just blast God bless the child, that can get cash
But all these niggas turnin' and never learn
Got a long line of niggas player hatin' me but gettin' burned
Talk a lot of shit but you's a trick in drag
Like the MAC make you fall back and stick yo' ass for back stab

Why you wanna turn on me?
Never thought you would backstab me (Why y'all turnin' on me?)
When you niggas see me you flee (Why me?)
Cause I'm a T-H with the U-G.. (Why me?)
Why you wanna turn on me?
Never thought you would backstab me
When you niggas see me you flee (yeah nigga)
Cause I'm a T-H with the U-G
You might also like
It, started so innocent, but ended in the fifth precinct
Although two juvenile delinquents, we still decent
Playin' catch and kiss, used to diss the herbs
Fuck school we was skippin' drink a fifth on the curb
Me and you, no closer two, while drinkin' brew
What you need nigga? Anything at all come to me nigga
You can wear my clothes and my gold for the hoes
Gave you the keys to the jeep, offered my home as an open door
But then you picked a new direction, in the blink of an eye
My time away just made perfection, did you think I'd die?
I never got a single visit yet I carry on
All my old friends too busy now my money gone
Said I got raped in jail, picture that? {​*laughter*}​
Revenge is a payback bitch, get ya gat
Fuck {​Wendy Williams}​ and I pray you choke
On the next dick down your throat
For turnin' on me

Why you wanna turn on me?
Never thought you would backstab me (Why y'all turnin' on me?)
When you niggas see me you flee (Why me?)
Cause I'm a T-H with the U-G.. (Why me?)
Why you wanna turn on me?
Never thought you would backstab me
When you niggas see me you flee
Cause I'm a T-H with the U-G
I put Jenny Craig on your fat ass, you fat troll
Anybody ever seen {​Wendy Williams}​ fat ass?
Why you always wearin' Spandex you fat bitch?
I know your pussy stinks, you fat ho
I'm puttin' Jenny Craig on you bitch
I'm about to put a twenty-thousand dollar, hit
Through Jenny Craig to come find yo' ass
And put you in a fat farm, you fat bitch!
Thug Life, Outlaw, Westside bitch
It's 2Pac so you know who said it
And for everybody who didn't like what I said about that other trick
And Mobb Deep, fuck you too nigga!
If a nigga didn't want to get talked about
He shouldn'ta stepped in the fuckin' ring
If Tyson don't want to get knocked out
He don't step in the fuckin' ring, that's how the shit go
When Tyson get in the ring, he knock motherfuckers out!
Well that's what 2Pac gon' do
When niggas come against me, I'ma knock they punk ass out!
One way or the motherfuckin' other
This old motherfuckin' nigga in the South told me nigga
It's more than one way to skin a cat
It's more than one way to shoot a gat
It's more than one way to die nigga
When I'm through, everybody cry nigga
This is how we do it
Why you wanna turn on me?
Never thought you would backstab me (Why y'all turnin' on me?)
When you niggas see me you flee (Why me?)
Cause I'm a T-H with the U-G..
Why you wanna turn on me?
Never thought you would backstab me
When you niggas see me you flee
Cause I'm a T-H with the U-G
(Fuck you too nigga!)5Embed