106 ContributorsTranslationsРусскийPortuguêsHaving Our Way Lyrics
Load up the Drac'
Fuck it, I'm makin' 'em pay
It's however niggas wan' take it (Ayy)
I'm havin' my way, 'Set out here havin' his way
Qua' out here havin' his way, and like the third Migo, I take
(Bitch, what?)
Load up the Drac'
What else are they gonna play?
This however niggas wan' take it (Ayy)
I'm havin' my way, 'Set out here havin' his way
Qua' out here havin' his way, and like the third Migo, I take
(Bitch, what? Ayy, yeah)

Now that I'm thinkin' it through
I just ain't fell in love 'cause I'm way too awake
And she tried fuckin' a rapper to break up my heart
But my heart doesn't break
Soon as I link with thеse niggas, they feelings are writtеn all over they face (What?)
Okay, great, I'm in the backroom of Wally's, I spent thirty thousand on somebody's grapes
We done did so many pull-ups on niggas, no wonder we gettin' in shape
Too busy backin' my words up with actions to ever go front in your face (What? Ayy)
Shit done changed, billionaires talk to me different when they see my paystub from Lucian Grainge
Told myself that I would get through this verse, and I'm not gonna mention the plane
But look at the plane
The fuck are we sayin'? (Yeah, what?) Fuck are we sayin'?
Big '81, but I don't own a Harley
I ride in Mercedes with Shane (Ayy)
It's me and Lil' Harley, we wreckin' this shit
Then we 'bout to go link with the gang (Ayy)
And unlike that clock on the wall at your mama house
I do not have time to hang
Please don't reach out to me
Think watchin' too much of Stephen done got to me
Verses too eas', I'm servin' them up by the threes
I'm playin' pool and the pool just connects to the beach
I've been too solid to ever have stripes on my sneak's, you get what I mean?
Back in the day, my dawgs was puttin' eight balls in the pockets of all of the fiends, and- (What? What?)
That was back in the day
Now we involved in legitimate business
Baby, we came a long way
Sometimes I hop on the road by myself, and I listen to shit that you say
All of y'all havin' more followers than dollars
And that's why I cannot relate (Ayy, no, what?)
You might also like
Load up the Drac'
What else are they gonna play?
It's however niggas wan' take it (Ayy)
I'm havin' my way, 'Set out here havin' his way
Qua' out here havin' his way, and like the third Migo, I take
(Ooh, what? Ayy)

Load up the Drac' (Drac')
Makin' them fuck niggas pay (Yeah)
Straight out the trap to the play (We gone)
Who said they ain't havin' they way? (Who?)
Might have a lil' more on they plate (Eat it up)
We havin' our way in three ways (Woo)
OVO scope on the Drac' (Ugh)
We havin' our way (Havin' that shit)
Havin' my way in the city, get pulled out your britches
You talkin' or trippin'?
Go put all my cleats on, walkin', ain't slippin' (Walk)
Havin' my way, now this shit like a business
Load up the bases, now I feel like Cal Ripken (Ayy)
She had it her way, now she out of a Bentley (Skrrt)
(Skrrt-skrrt, get out, ooh)

(Offset) Fuck how you take it, we straight from the vacant (Hey)
I caught me some cases, then beat it, then raced it (Hey)
Seen they was hatin', no communication
No invitation, cut off circulation (No)
Blue or the red Bugatti, this the Matrix
Crosses all on my body, watch for Satan (Chromes)
I'm havin', GALLERY, LANVIN
No talkin', we smashin' (Smash)
This one a classic, ain't none of this average (Classic)
Sniper, I'm snipin' the bitch, I'm assassin (Snipe)
I piped her, then piped the bitch up for some action (Hey)
Don't even be braggin', these lil' niggas maggots (Maggots)
I don't even flex, that shit be on accident
Fell in my lap, hit your bitch on a accident
I shoot my shot, it's on point, that shit accurate (Bah, ugh)
Load up the Drac' (Chk-chk)
What else are they gon' play (Fuck it)
It's however niggas wanna take it, ayy (It's up)
I'm havin' my way (Havin' it), 'Set out here havin' his way ('Set)
Qua' out here havin' his way (Qua'), and like the third Migo, I take
(What? Ayy, yeah)

(Takeoff)
I'm shovin' that shit in they face
Then I go put that boy right in his place
They know that I'm havin' my way (Why?)
I was seventeen on a song with Drake
It's like an eviction notice when we droppin' (Get out)
'Cause niggas get moved out they space (Move)
Two and a half, was going on three
But fuck it 'cause it's worth the wait (Fuck it)
Not to be ignorant, but I want everything that's on the menu but what's on your plate (Give me that)
I talk to God, He give me the faith (God)
I hit the boy if I need me a Drac' (Brr)
I got a Richie that sit on my left (Mille)
But somehow, I always be pullin' up late (How?)
Ain't been on Earth (No) ever since I copped that rocket chain and took a trip outer space (Go)
Ever since birth, my mama told me (Mama) that they gon' act cool, but they really hate (Hate)
I know my worth (Worth), so you ain't gettin' no verse if you talkin' 'bout a lil' 'K (Nah)
Make 'em say church (Amen)
When they see clarity diamonds and stones in my Jesus face
Ain't gotta run 'cause this not a race (Huh-huh-huh, go)
Load up the Drac' (Chk-chk)
What else are they gon' play (Fuck it)
It's however niggas wanna take it, ayy (It's up)
I'm havin' my way (Havin' it), 'Set out here havin' his way ('Set)
Qua' out here havin' his way (Qua'), and like the third Migo, I take (Takeoff)24Embed