12 ContributorsClap Clap LyricsClap, clap, I think they need a round of applause
Yeah, it’s I.R.S bitches!
You know what it is!
You’re now hustling with the godmother! cocaine cow girl

Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause
Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause
Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause
Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause!
I gotta give it to you
Here’s your round of applauds!
Gigs up baby, the final curtain call
The black widow, symbol of corruption!
Don’t know by now, you goin' to get accustomed
Pay attention homie, follow instructions
Kim is about to show you the art of hustlin'
Cold-hearted, mobbin' through Brooklyn
Ain’t no shook hands over here, we get it cookin'
I strike harder; I’m 10 times smarter
I sneak up on you like Japan did Pearl Harbor
I’m a fire starter, back draft, don’t stand too close
You catch a heat rush, its kim blanco, homie the head honcho
The queen, rains and pours
Hope you got your pancho
So mention my name out of your mouth
And before you take a bow, we'll be clapping from the crowd
You might also like
Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause
Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause
Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause
Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause!

Since y'all bitches like attention, Come get some!
A million ways of dying, Nigga just pick one!
I’ma ill shot, I’ve got a sick gun
And it’s contagious, so you’ll catch it even if you run
Ah, and my niggas feeling flu-ish too!
Disconnect you'r phone line, no calling troops
Pull up 100 deep
I.R.S the crew
We need the four doors, can do the coupe
Shootin' at you actors, like movie shoots
And I’m a vet, baby! You just the new recruit
So mention Kim name in your songs, and I’ll be at your show
With a round of applauds

Clap, clap! It's Kimy Blaco!
You already know I gotta shooters
And our clips is full in case you want some more
I think I hear encore!
O.K dash!
Clap, clap!
I think you deserve standing o'
Its young Dash, I’ll be everywhere you’re scared to go
Just Left the west like Amber Rose
Now I'm back in B.K. In that Phantom Ghost
Let’s have a toast, not for the douche bags
For your old school niggas, It's that new swag
It’s that new shit, on that new track
Ain’t nothing young, its that gourmet cash
Money
Its that big bank take little bank
If the queen say its beef, then you want a dinner plate
So mention Kim name in your verses
And we gonna clap it up, till they close the curtains

Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause
Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause
Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause
Clap, clap, I think they need a round of applause!

O.K.! I.R.S. will eliminate the imitation
They on death road, execute the perpretation!
Niggers we try our flight, permanent vacations
This model is 18, that’s my standing ovation
No Jersey show, but we handle the situation
Send my enemies up, elevation!
I’m a bad boy just like Biggie was
White and Navy when I ride through the city cous'
My turf all blue like oil state
We bench press niggas, and we lifting more then weights
So mention Kim’s name in your rap
And we’ll be back stage with the hammer pulled back
Clap, clap!Embed