76 ContributorsTranslationsBaby Keem & Don Toliver - cocoa (Türkçe Çeviri)*EspañolPortuguês​cocoa Lyrics
Sit down and drink some champagne with me and let me rap

I'm balling with my friends
Staring at the money in a trance
Lil' baby, can I be your mans?
I might have to buy her OnlyFans
Huh? She gave me pussy as just friends
I feel like nothing but a middleman
I'm done, baby, I can't be your friend
You might give the pussy to my mans

Huh? Ugh, you toxic
Ah-ha-ha-ha, you toxic
You wanna stay? Don't stay late
Do you not like your house? Hate your place?
Vroom, vroom, vroom, vroom
Spent half a mil' on Grandma house and then I zoomed
Got way more money than my peers, you would assume
In competition with myself, I cannot lose
What we gon' eat?
I don't do Nobu, baby, that's him, not me
We fuck, wakе up, you go, we go to
London, we up, the top floor, еatin' soul food
I don't wanna eat nothin' else
It's new, I wanna see your room
It's new, I wanna fix your wounds
It's new, bitch, I'ma, ha, ooh
You might also like
I'm balling with my friends (Hee-hee)
Staring at the money in a trance (Hee-hee)
Lil' baby, can I be your mans? (Hee-hee)
I might have to buy her OnlyFans (Hee-hee)
Huh? She gave me pussy as just friends
I feel like nothing but a middleman
I'm done, baby, I can't be your friend
You might give the pussy to my mans

I love to spend it, she coppin' levitators (Uh-huh)
I took her out to eat, I took her out to Denny's
She always call me plenty, drunky-drunky off the Remy (Uh-huh)
Sometimes no callback and Donny tooked off on the Henny
I'm touchin' down in your city just to get it litty (Uh-huh)
Better check the bar when we in the strip, we throwin' fifty (Go, yeah)
Do not be the Ghost, you can't get too close (Nah)
Shawty be doin' the most (Ooh), one hand better ride that roll
Xannies got me goin' down, put me in my mode
I just ate lil' baby up, shawty taste like cocoa
Ten feet, down deep, then I'm here and gone (Cocoa)
Got the beater out the sheets, you couldn't keep her home
Niggas pull up to the function, whip, I leave it on (Pull up)
I leave it on, told you that I pack a punch
I'm balling with my friends
Staring at the money in a trance
Lil' baby, can I be your mans?
I might have to buy her OnlyFans
Huh? She gave me pussy as just friends
I feel like nothing but a middleman
I'm done, baby, I can't be your friend
You might give the pussy to my mans

Two freaks in the club, but they attitude trash
She don't fuck with broke boys, so the opps down bad
Baby Keem in the cut, she know that's a hefty tag, huh
I just put the whole 702 on my back
You ain't comin' home with us, please, don't you ask
I might throw a hundred ones, please, don't be mad
Tit-for-tat, goin' back and forth is not my passion
Took a trip to Paris to post another caption
It's too much liquor, I get it, huh
Steakhouse, takin' out, eight-hundred-dollar dinners, huh
Baby, go ahead and grab that, t-t-t-t-t-t-tease (Whew, whew, whew, whew)
Bruises on your knees (Whew, whew, whew)
While I'm drinkin' tea (Whew, whew)
She gettin' teed, God, I hate when you tease
I'm tryna have you asthma attack and put you on your back, huh
If that pussy good, there's a chance I get attached16Embed