51 Contributors8 Mile: The Lunch Truck Battle Lyrics
Man, I'm gettin' so sick and tired of fuckin' with this steel
They only give us thirty minutes to eat lunch and chill
My body achin' just to get a buck
I’m sick of eatin' this shit off this fuckin' lunch truck
Nasty-ass food, I'm in a nasty-ass mood
I should've called in sick, shit, I had somethin' to do

I can't believe that I'm hearing all this ravin' and rantin'
From Vanessa up in here at the New Detroit Stampin'
You need to get your food and take your ass back to work
You're dreamin' if you think them corny-ass raps'll work
Look at y'all standin' out here, freezin' like dumb fucks
Rappin' away for food off this raggedy lunch truck
Who want what? Who pumped up to get rolled up?
I spit venom in every direction, soak some up
Look at this fat-ass nigga, sloppy sucker
You a ugly ma'fucker, your pop shoulda wore a rubber
Stop rhymin', keep your day job, Vanessa
Next time, leave that bullshit home on the dresser
Speaking of dresses, take a look at Paul the fruitcake
When you travel, you pro'bly pack panties in your suitcase
Made out of lace from Victoria’s Secret
If ten men came in a cup, you’d pro'bly drink it
You might also like
Okay, folks, enough with the gay jokes
Especially from a gay broke bitch yourself, eh, loc
This guy's doo-doo
You worked here longer than me, and I get paid more than you do
Dawg, take a seat
What's this guy standin' in line for? He ain’t got money to eat!
Check this out, yo, yo
This guy cashed his whole check and bought one Ho Ho
Fuckin' homo! Little maggot
You can’t hack it; Paul's gay, you're a faggot
Least he admits it, don’t even risk it
This guy's starvin' to death, someone get him a biscuit!
I don’t know what they told you, Mike
You must have them cornrows rolled too tight
This job, you wanna quit, but you can't
You've worked at this plant so long, you're a plant
Look at your goddamn boots!
For Christ sakes, they're startin' to grow roots!
On this mic, you get faded
You look like a pissed-off rapper who never made it
And why you fuckin' with the gay guy, G?
When really you're the one who's got the HIV
Man, I'm done with this clown, he's soft
Fuck it, I'll let homegirl finish you off
Guy like you'd never get a real woman
You jackass, go jack off; that's the only way you cummin'
 you hangin' from the tree
Better than me? Come on, quit playin' 
3Embed