9 ContributorsCatch Me In The Hood Lyrics
Yeah!
50 Cent, Lloyd Banks
Tony Yayo, G-Unit!

This rap shit plays a major part in my life
So if you jeapordize it I got the right (What?)
To send a motherfucker at you tonight (Uh-huh~!)
G-Unit!!

And I ain't stoppin 'til my click poppin, swimmin in barrels of money
Ma can walk around with her head up cause her child ain't a dummy
It's funny - niggas'd rather see you sufferin and hungry
I'm comfy as hell, skatin with another nigga's money (WOO~!)
You lying your ass off; you know you ain't that tough
I'm pullin your mask off, as soon as you act up (WHAT~!)
You know what I came for, a peace of the game or
Artillery that's 'bout as long as a chainsaw
I'm wide awake, but it still feels like I'm dreamin
40 cal' under my pillow condom feeling my semen
The physical presence of a female's the form of a demon
That's why I, fuck 'em and leave 'em get my nut while I'm breathin (YEAH~!)
Never thought they'd catch me slippin now I'm duckin and drippin
That's a thousand dollar outfit what the fuck is you grippin
You trippin, no record can get my ass in position
Death waits for no religon whether catholic or christian
Listen; I went through momma bitchin in and out the kitchen
With probable cause as poppa was in and out the prison
You got soldiers, but you still gotta respect the odds
We got more four-fives and 9's then a deck of cards
You might also like
You can take me out the hood, but can't take the hood out me (Cause what?)
Cause I'm ghetto (I'm ghetto)
Niggas hatin when you do good, but when you broke
Your friends and your enemies they love you (they love you)
Chi-Chi, get the llello (get the llello)
Picture me bein cracked, out of town trips on the train - WHAT~?!
Chi-Chi, get the Yayo
Picture me bein cracked... (TONY YA-YO!!!) here we go
You can sniff me, cut me, I'll turn you to a junkie
I'm the number one seller in the whole fuckin country
Wall Street niggas, they cop me on a low
White boys don't call me coke, they call me blow
It's time to go, on a bus, the train, a plane
I'm smuggle, I'm nuttin but trouble
I'll make your money double, cook me in bakin soda
I'll turn your who-rock into a new Range Rover
I'll pay all your bills and fill ya 'fridgerator
Feed your family, turn your man to a hater
You can put me in the door panels or your stash box
Put me in your Nikes, Timbs and Reeboks
If you copped three and a half, you hustlin backwards
Cop a hundred grams, you movin forwards (what?)
I'm tryin to move more birds, in P.A. all day
On the corner of 3rd - nigga what?!
You can take me out the hood, but can't take the hood out me (WHAT?!)
Cause I'm ghetto (I'm ghetto)
Picture me polishin pistols, I'm comin to get you, the shells hit you
You scream, think I'm playin - I mean it
Man I done brought all these pistols, let's get it poppin
Start to wavin my embroidered shell casings get to droppin
The devil's 'round the corner I got to much pride to hide
I'm outside, gun in my pocket, just stunt and I'll pop it
I'm dyin to pop it, I'm young and I'm restless, you numbered for death
As the world turns, the lessons should be learned
Count all my blessings, clean up my weapons, I'm ready for war
The strong survive, the weak shall perish, I told you before
Hoes they compliment me now like 50 - nice chain!
Belagio, twenty grand of chips at the dice game
Ballin' out, can't stop it, gotta watch MTV
BET, nigga you see me
I wonder if you mad, cause I'm doin' good or cause niggas feelin' me, more than you in your hood
And it hurts cause you love 'em and they don't love ya back
Cause they know you just rappin' and you don't bust your gat
You pussy

Yeah, explain it to the niggas in your hood, nigga
They know you fuckin' frontin', nigga
Talk all that gangsta shit on the record
I see you, nigga, niggas know me, nigga
Ask around in my hood, nigga
Read the Daily News, nigga, you see 'em talk about me, nigga
I'm in the middle of all kind of shit, pussy
Let's get it poppin'Embed