8 ContributorsIf Dead Men Could Talk Lyrics
Hold up
Son them niggas know who hit that nigga son (I know, I know)
They - how the fuck, we gon' know who hit him, and they don't know who hit him?
The hood talkin man, e'rybody know~! (I know, it's fucked up)
Now I lay thee down to sleep
Niggas try and lay me down wit heat
And if I should die though before I awake
I pray my Lord my soul to take

If dead men could talk in your sleep your homey told you who got him
Would you have the heart to shoot the nigga that shot him? (Huh?)
Or would you start switchin up
You thinkin 'bout the penitentiary and bitchin up?
What if he said money ain't everything, the hood raised us wrong
All jux'll get your money long but look here I'm gone
Would that touch your heart? Have you feelin funny inside?
Would that be enough to make your punk-ass ride?
What if he gave you a little list of things to do?
Said he wouldn't have to die, he could live through you
Would you load the gats, and get ready ro ride
Or would you lock the door at yo' crib and hide?
It's a cold world even when it's hot outside
Whether sunshine or rain, you still feel pain
Hit him cause he was your strength, now you in a daze
Your homey turnin over in his grave... cause you PUSSY!
You might also like
"Y'all know who killed 'em, filled up" - B.I.G. {*repeat 3X*}
"Y'all know who killed 'em, filled up with the lugers from they Rugers or they Desert"
(RIGHT~!!)

Them boys smoked your homey, ye ain't gon' do nuttin back?
Not even if he told you you next to get clapped?
It don't take much for them shells to make the best of you
Your peoples gon' probably cremate and burn the rest of you
You done did too much dirt to try and make it to heaven
Nigga is you down for this 1-8-7?
When you reach the pearly gates, how you gon' explain
You gon' try and tell God you've been framed?
Y'all did everything together, he was your dog
Now you Uptown coppin, and he in the morgue
Them niggas he gave packs to, they kept the cake
His sister and his baby momma talkin to Jake (uh-huh)
Niggas that rocked him, they came to the wake
But they ain't come inside, they sat out in the ride
At the funeral, homicide all in the business
Walkin 'round askin niggas to tell 'em who did it
Niggas is throwin blows now you ready to rumble?
Thirsty niggas are animals, the hood is a jungle
Broke nigga'll body somethin over a bundle
Man a three-year-old kid in my hood know what a gun do
"Y'all know who killed 'em, filled up" - B.I.G. {*repeat 3X*}
"Y'all know who killed 'em, filled up with the lugers from they Rugers or they Desert"
(RIGHT~!!)

Sha Money, XL!
Shadyville, teamwork, musicEmbed