25 ContributorsSoldier Lyrics

(I'm a soldier) G-UNIT! I started my own gang
(I'm a soldier) G-UNIT!
(I'm a soldier) G-UNIT! I started my own gang
(I'm a soldier) G-UNIT!

It's a fact homie, eagles don't fly in flocks
But the eagles I got hold sixteen shots
Like beefin', homie I ain't sayin' a word
I'll run up on your punk ass squeezing the bird
Now what New York niggas know about country grammar
Not much, but we know how to bang them hammers
When I pull out that thing, you better break yourself
Or win a trip to ICU, and you can take yourself
If you lucky motherfucker, I'm solider I told ya
Push ya shit back, put my knife through ya six pack
Gat bust, adrenaline rush, blowin' the dust
Five point O, burnin' the clutch, while I'm burnin' the dutch
You thought them other niggas was hot, I'm turnin' it up
This the blueprint, nigga are you learnin' or what
You done told them you respect me, now tell them I'm the nicest
Admit it nigga, I'm a mid-life crisis
You might also like
(I'm a soldier) G-UNIT! I started my own gang
(I'm a soldier) G-UNIT! (I got the rep of a villian, the weapon concealin')
(I'm a soldier) G-UNIT! I started my own gang
(I'm a soldier) G-UNIT! (full of controversy until I retire my jersey)

It's like niggas rate the respect of who gat bigger
Banks been blowin' on purple stuff before that fat nigga
Pennies make dollars, and dollars make death threats
I'm doin' remixes to bulletproof the Lex next
Duck nigga, everyday's war
I'm heavy on sports, so my drawer's like the NBA store
Don't make me send the piece at you
I'll have your man walk around with another rest in peace tattoo
Look creampuff, you can get killed here
Nigga you ain't invincible, even Superman in a wheel chair
I always been a picky man, but I ain't a flat out star yet
So I'ma fuck all 50 fans
Look, whether you like it or not, right in ya spot
All in your grill, wearin' the crown, airin' em down
We're in the pound puttin' fear in the clown
I'm running with gangstas, don't make one of em shank ya

(I'm a soldier) G-UNIT! I started my own gang
(I'm a soldier) G-UNIT! (I got the rep of a villian, the weapon concealin')
(I'm a soldier) G-UNIT! I started my own gang
(I'm a soldier) G-UNIT! (full of controversy until I retire my jersey)
I'mma ride with my rap shit and my body armor
Ride like a Taliban suicide bomber
Four five six feet, I off ya feet
I kill ya with a pillow when you fall asleep
Your records can't sell, your company is buyin' em
Give it up, Burger King is hirin'
You shoulda been a cop, cause you snitch a lot
Talkin' to the jakes, you bound to get shot
I used to watch Big Bird and Scooby Doo
Now I'm choppin' big birds and them bundles too
For that Master P money, that shoppin' spree money
That coke, that dope and that ecstasy money
I'm tryin' to build empires across the state line
So move like vampires, never see me in the daytime
I jump out with a nina and a mack
I have you like Khia, my neck, my back1Embed