188 ContributorsAll Your Fault Lyrics

Yeah, and we G.O.O.D
Keep talkin' about this shit but whatever
We can go back and forth all day
(How much I feel, I live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby (Straight up!)

That's that don't play! Whuh! That's that new Ye
People sayin' I'm the closest thing to Mike since Janet, whuh!
Tom Cruise, homie, we jumpin' up on them couches
That's a fresh house, is that a guest house?
Your house got another house?
Your bitch got a bitch, your spouse got another spouse
Young Walt Disney, I'ma tell you truthfully
If you leave Mickey you gon' end up with a Goofy
I imagine that's what Chris told Karrueche
Girls be actin' like it's diamonds in they coochie
I don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck
But cops chokin' niggas out in the media
We finna have to protest and tear the city up
We 'bout to tear this whole place up, pretty much
(How much I live)
You might also like
And you know it's all your fault
Nobody, nobody, nobody, babe
You know it's all your fault
Nobody, nobody, nobody, but me

Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
Lit for your love baby (Straight up!)

Hoe, we done made it through hell and disaster
My crib done got bigger, my women got badder
You wonderin', "How do you get in the game?"
I'm wonderin', "How do I get to the rafters?"
Oh boy, I'm mad until these records gettin' shattered
'Til I'm MJ or Magic, ooh, and she just want the status
So, you the man she got, but I'm the man that she been after
She done sent so many naked pics, my phone ain't got no data
I walk off in New York like my name Derek Jeter
Headed home to the D where you know I keep a Gina (Gina!)
I'm the good with the evil; fuck you, nice to meet you
You can't have a peace sign, man, without the middle finger
With the clique when you see us, that's my family to me
That's my family tree, they're my arms, legs, hands, and my feet
And I can't cut them off with even diabetes
Hit the beat and kerosene it; scratch that, I white sheet it
A 100 dollar fade every single time you see us
Been a king all my life so I shoulda got a Caesar
Somewhere off in Vegas rollin' dice up at the Caesar's
Got me thinkin' back bout how I used to roll to Little Caesars
Piece of pizza with Tanisha now I'm with a Boniqua
She finna blow at that
I got your dream girl, yeah, she actin' like a hoe at that
Throw her to me, I'ma throw that back
Top spot, I'm finna go at that (Straight up)
(I live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby, lit for your love
(Live for your love)
Lit for your love baby (Straight up!)

Hoe, you gotta move quick
World in my hands, I ain't gotta loose grip
I don't like loose pussy or loose lips
And I done did the impossible a few times, Tom Cruise shit
Hoe, and I ain't satisfied bein' on that top five list
I ain't satisfied until I'm on that all-time list
Til everything I spit is all timeless
My girl on that all fine list
My life a little luck, a lot of grind, bitch!
No "maybe," hoe, I gotta make it
Fuck your nomination; man, fuck the world
I'm repopulatin', wrap my Rollie round my waist
Yeah, time's a-wastin'
Niggas want the comma-comma-combination
Long as I'm around, it's gon' be dot-dot-dot, a lot of waitin'
Got my pinky on her brain while I'm gettin' brain
Plottin' world domination, people ask me how to make it
I'm just like "man, if you want the crown, bitch, you gotta take it"
Straight up (Straight up!)362Embed