10 ContributorsKilla Tape Intro Lyrics
New York City
You are now rockin' with 50 Cent!
Are you ready?!
**Gun clicks**
I said are you ready?!
C, you wit me nigga? Drop that!
Paper for a hooptie, but I wanted a drop

G-Unit!
Sumthin' new
I'm not that nigga in your video
I'm not a trick, I don't love the hoes
And niggas know I be on the low
When I gets my dough and I twist my dro
I'm not that nigga that you think you know
I walk around with a big fo-fo
You front on me I'm gon' get at you dawg
I be right at your crib waiting at your door
(What up 50!)

Coming up I ain't have much, I wanted a lot
I had paper for a hooptie, but I wanted a drop
So you know I had to make something out of nothing
Like turn an empty spot into a crack spot pumping
Hustled hard, at nineteen I bought a Benz, I did
The older niggas really wasn't feeling the kid
Trying to find where I live so they could run in my crib
But you can't hustle a hustler, I peeped it and slid
Back then niggas used to call me Boo
In six months I sold a million gold tops on Guy Brewer
Country came around, he's into clapping and
Country left, same shit started happening
Like, "He shot Rob for some ends, Rob shot Joe over some skins
Cory shot you and we was friends, money turned boys into men"
The cycle never changes, shit just starts again
You might also like
Naw, nigga, ain't nothing changed, nigga
Yeah, I've been gone for a minute, but I'm back

(Damn 50, good to see you back in the hood)
You see my cherry red SL, nigga -- I'm doing good
Sometimes I can't find the words to say how I feel
So I take a quote from Menace -- "look at the wheels"
I'm addicted to stunting now that I'm holding something
I got a trunk full of guns from VA today
(Oh, nigga, let me hold something?)
Nigga you high or something?
I don't play games, I'm bout my money, nigga -- buy something
I got a few 5ths, I got a few 9's
Here nigga take one, catch a jux and bring me mine

Yeah, don't ever say I don't do nothing for you, nigga
You know, don't say I didn't look out for you, knowhatImean?
But make sure, nigga, that you go catch some jux
When you come back you gonna have my paper for that thang thang, knowhatI'msayin?
I don't want it back nigga, don't try to use it then give it back to me
Cause I could see y'all niggas now running around saying
"50 getting all this rap money and he won't help us"
Sit tight, nigga, I'm coming, you know? New shit
All the shit I put out on the mixtapes is for the mixtapes
I got a million
Oh my God -- my shit is so hot right now; I'm in the zone3Embed