60 ContributorsSosa Chamberlain Lyrics
What is GLO GANG? Well it's GLO GANG is G-L-O-G-A-N-G
It is Glory Boyz, we are Glory Boyz Entertainment. It is GBE
But it's shortened, it's shortened, you know what I'm sayin'
So it's G-L-O Gang, and so the GLOry Boyz
You guys can say either one though, it don't matter
You know what I'm sayin'
I won't get offended, gang won't get offended
We are Glory Boyz, you know what I'm sayin'
But GLO GANG is just a, just a short abbreviation for Glory Boyz
You know what I'm sayin', just G-L-O-G-A-N-G, you know
We be on a lotta gang shit, we got everybody sayin' "gang" now
No squad, you know. We changed that, we changed to gang
It ain't none of that squad. I mean you know we got Savage Squad
You know that's my cousin, Fredo and nem. But um shit
We go by gang and none of that squad
But when cuz and nem come around you know it's squad
When Wop come around we rockin' with the squad
You know what I'm sayin'. But when we
When it's just gang, we be on that straight gang shit
You know what I'm sayin', gang and none of that squad
But anyways man back to the tape man

Yo bitch got that wet wet, my gun got that wet wet
She let me fuck up in the car, now my seats is wet wet
I'm off the drank wet wet, your dope smell like a wet pack
He said she wanna smoke with we, bitch you should've said that
She said that she gotta pee, I'm like bitch you should've said that
She said she been said that, I said I ain't hear that
I was smokin' the loudest loud but I'm always ready
You be smokin' on that shit, that shit that give you headache
Who come here? You come here, ooh come here, pistol to your ear
Booze what you sip, lean what I sip, water what I drink, cat meow all I get
Pull up on the strip, thing on my hip
The police pull me over like It's weed on my lip
Johnny call me up, he said he peed on my wrist
Yo bitch call me Marshall, she said she bleached all my gear
My daughter call me mad, she said she gon' eat all my chips
These niggas always mad, they wanna eat all my dip
The opps always mad, they say Chief Keef ain't blowin' shit
Until I come through blastin' like the Heat I ain't doin' shit
You might also like
I'm Sosa Wilt Chamberlain, blunts just flamin'
Watch just blingin', phone just rangin'
I'ma no belt rockin', no sock rockin'
Pull up show stoppin', you know how I'm rockin'
I came in the game man, and you know I changed it
Sosa whats your language? Bitch I speak them acres
Favorite team the Lakers, favorite team the Bulls
Wanna put up your paper? I'm like okay cool

My favorite player Butler, and I gotta butler
Gotta number 40, my 40'll fuck ya
My favorite player Rose, aye, money on him let's go
We be on that Bull shit, we from Chicago (Chiraq)
My favorite player Kobe, you be holy moly
That mean you be with police, when it's cold outside, I got on no T
That mean that I can hold it, ayy, hold it underwater, ayy
Pull up on your daughter, I'm a shark up in the water
I remember buyin' quarters, now I'm at a P
When it come to your bitch, I gotta add a Keef
Come out the cut like Snell, I gotta add a three
Don't give a fuck how you feel, I gotta add a T

I'm Sosa Wilt Chamberlain, blunts just flamin'
Watch just blingin', phone just rangin'
I'ma no belt rockin', no sock rockin'
Pull up show stoppin', you know how I'm rockin'
I came in the game man, and you know I changed it
Sosa whats your language? Bitch I speak them acres
Favorite team the Lakers, favorite team the Bulls
Wanna put up your paper? I'm like okay cool50Embed