15 ContributorsWin Lyrics
What do my fans mean to me? You know of course
My fans gon' mean the world to me
Without them there wouldn't be no Almighty Sosa, Chief Sosa, None of that. Almighty Glo Gang, you know what I'm sayin'
None of that. So my fans mean a lot to me. I mean they always say
"Aww you pushed it back" oh no, I don't push it back
All I'm tryna do is make sure shit is right. You know what I'm sayin'
I mean, everybody want that "Old Sosa", it's not gon' happen
Chief Sosa, I'm 'bout mothafuckin' 6000 years old
Remember when I used to be sayin' I was 300 all the time?
I'm 6000 mothafuckas. I'm older, I'm a grown boy
You know what I'm sayin', I been sayin' I was a grown boy
But I'm a real grown boy this time. You know what I'm sayin'
I'm grown, I'm glo'd up, man I got and glo'd up, grown up
Whatever you wanna say. And there won't be none of that old shit
You know what I'm sayin'
You talkin' 'bout shit when I was 16 years old
You know what I'm sayin'
I'm mothafuckin' 20... I'm 6000, you know what I'm sayin'
Anyways, yeah, gang shit. I love my fans, and I love the haters
I love the people who fuck with me one thou-wow
I love the mothafuckas who talk behind my back one thou-wow
Gang shit
You know how we rockin', man, cut off stockings
Keep kush in my pockets, all designer, get your grind up
Got a Breitling for the timer man, bang, bang
Chopsquad
You might also like
I like winnin', I like winnin', I like winnin', I like winnin'
I like winnin', I like winnin', I like winnin', I like winnin'
All I know is win, win, win, win, win, win, win
All I know is win, win, win, win, win, win, win

All I know is money, all I know is win
It's 'cause I'm gettin' money
I hope you don't get offended
I get some money at 6, and I get some money at 10
At 5, at 4, at 3-2-1 right now
I'm a diamond in the sky, all I know is win
Niggas two-faced, I don't want no friends
I like being me, I don't want no twin
I can do this shit again and again

I like winnin', I like winnin', I like winnin', I like winnin'
I like winnin', I like winnin', I like winnin', I like winnin'
All I know is win, win, win, win, win, win, win
All I know is win, win, win, win, win, win, win

I like money, I like women
I like Air Force 1's, I like 50's
I like Benjis, I like Jacksons
I like bullets, I like ratchets
I be gettin' money, smokin' on cat piss
Sippin' lean, smokin' on dead man
I came here for the money, you ain't got the exits
I hit the exit, hoppin' on the interstate
I glo fuckin' money, it's what's on my dinner plate
I know I'm kinda late, I had a meeting at 10 today
I like weed, love hoes, you love em welterweight
You love em Heavy weight, that shit so dead this way
I'm rollin', yo bitch told me she love me like Kelly say
I'm on the win, fuck a roll, lemme see what my schedule say
Smokin' dope in my mansion, fuck what the tele say
Walk in the bank tryna see what the bank teller say
I was finna say...
I like winnin', I like winnin', I like winnin', I like winnin'
I like winnin', I like winnin', I like winnin', I like winnin'
All I know is win, win, win, win, win, win, win
All I know is win, win, win, win, win, win, win5Embed