60 ContributorsDeath Row East Lyrics
Yeah, yeah, hold up
KD2 shit (Hit-Boy)
Ayy hold up, come on, whoa
Right back at this
Right back, right back
Hold up, whoa

High on life, drunk off dark liquor
Shit gettin' eerie like I threw on Thriller
Bitch, I'm a hard hitter, Rolex clocks and killers
Holdin' the order, I'm prayin' God delivers
I had run-ins with Suge, niggas would've been shook
At the height of the beef, they started Death Row East
Damn, I even saw they tees on some of my Gs
Notorious label, the story was made in the streets

Now it's real life movies
Rest in peace, Ill Will

Let's talk about it
We the smartest, not thе loudest, came up out the projеct houses
Where they resort to violence
Hennessy bottles on the curb, lil' niggas tryna serve
Let's talk about it
Back when Jungle told Pac, "It's on" soon as we walk up out this
Picket signs, Outlawz outside the music hall
Bunch of ghetto superstars really down to lose it all
Both sides was thuggin'
But when you in my city, you know how we comin'
Animals in the field and most of 'em clutchin'
When you livin' this rugged, that come with repercussions, look
You might also like
High on life, drunk off dark liquor
Shit gettin' eerie like I threw on Thriller
Bitch, I'm a hard hitter, Rolex clocks and killers
Holdin' the order, I'm prayin' God delivers
I had run-ins with Suge, niggas would've been shook
At the height of the beef, they started Death Row East
Damn, I even saw they tees on some of my Gs
Notorious label, the story was made in the streets

History lessons, keep it on record

Let's talk about it
'Cause when you got a story real as mine, you can't leave nothin' out it
Let’s take you back to '96
Diamonds and MAC-10s, lookin' through a fresh lens
Everything I knew now, wish I knew back then
Like it was only so much time left
Before Makaveli the Don left
Booked a flight, flying out West
We was tryna squash the whole shit in Vegas
No media to eat it up and leak it in the papers
Eric B, Big D, and 'Preme was affiliated
Peace to E.D.I., Napoleon and all the innovators
We had respect before we was ever some entertainers
See Suge, he was a dangerous threat
M.O.B almost turned half of New York red
Brothers I grew up with threw up they sets
Some even had them Death Row chains hang off their necks
There's a rumor that spread I'd like to address
Pac was never set up by Stretch (Let it rest)
I stepped to him at Bryant Park so we could speak direct
He didn’t disrespect, we planned to reconnect
I flew to Vegas to shoot the "Street Dreams" video and link with 2Pac. Tried to squash the East Coast/West Coast beef. We didn’t talk, but he was still alive in the hospital. And it rained that day in Vegas. Rest In Power

Chill out, chill out, yo, hold on. This is my nigga Nas and we both got one thing in common. We both, we both represent Queens to the fullest, aight? This brother was good enough to stop his show. And I want everybody in here, everybody stand up on their feet. First and foremost, please. At 7:03 PM New York time; 4:03 PM Las Vegas time, 2Pac Shakur passed away, y'all. Give me a moment of silence21Embed