22 ContributorsBe A Gentleman Lyrics
It's best you be a gentleman and you watch what you say
Or Jesus Christ can't save you, once you go 'gainst the grain

Yo, no more freestyles and verses killin' Sticky and Ja
I'm movin' on now, I got bigger fish to fry (Uh-huh),
Since How To Rob, a lot of niggas been namin' names
Monkey see monkey do, I done changed the game (Uh-huh),
Still niggas actin' like I don't get down or something
Like I ain't the next nigga to wear the crown or something
You gon' talk about your chips 'til we run in your crib
Then, you gon' ask dumb questions like, "Can I live?"
"Look, If I shoot you, I'm famous
If you shoot me, you're brainless"—you said it yourself
I'm slick enough to twist your lines and send them back at you
Swift enough to snatch the Mac and pop that at you
Take it personal see if I won't send you to hell
I've done told Tone and Poke, they better have my bail
But if it's over a mil, don't put the crib up, dun
'Cause if 50 get free, nigga, 50 gon' run

It's best you be a gentleman and you watch what you say (Brrat, brrat!)
Or Jesus Christ can't save you, once you go 'gainst the grain (It's gangsta!)
It's best you be a gentleman and you watch what you say (Brrat, nigga, take that!)
Or Jesus Christ can't save you, once you go 'gainst the grain (It's gangsta!)
You might also like
Look, I'm supposed to be cocky, I ain't poor no more
I ain't gotta steal from the cornerstore no more
Got my own crib, I ain't sleepin' on the floor no more
Bouncers don't try to play me at the door no more
But when they see me, they say, "Search him, he might have the nine" (Yeah!)
"He might shoot this motherfucker up like Shyne"
It's been a while since a new nigga came tight like this (Uh-huh)
Ya man, he aight, but he ain't quite like this
Niggas is feelin' it, the Benz pullin' up on the set (UH-huh)
Me jumpin' out, 30 thou on my neck (Uh-huh, uh-huh)
That shit you said wasn't nuttin' to sweat (What)
But you was outta line so here's what you get
A verbal ass-kicking, Jesus Christ sent me to test ya
Let's see how see how... he reacts under pressure
Til Makaveli returns, it's all eyes on me
Til the feds build a case or find files on me

It's best you be a gentleman and you watch what you say (Brrat, brrat!)
Or Jesus Christ can't save you, once you go 'gainst the grain (It's gangsta!)
It's best you be a gentleman and you watch what you say (Brrat, nigga, take that!)
Or Jesus Christ can't save you, once you go 'gainst the grain (It's gangsta!)

It's gangsta
2000 shit
Yo
Y'all know what you need to do?
Get together
Make a "We Are the World" record
Faggot-ass niggas6Embed