65 ContributorsScoliosis Lyrics
Yeah, drink this cum, bitch gettin' pumped (Woo!)
Black bitch, Keke Palmer (Black bitch)
Yeah, pay for a lifetime on your bundles (SEX!)
Yeah, yeah, real slow when I pump her (Woo, woo!)

Maserati coupe, the sedan in the garage (Skrrt)
Eliantte, all white gold, I'm no fraud (Yeah)
Scoliosis, pink face Rollie with the chart
Pine-Sol, diamonds clean, livin' large

High school, had a bomb in my Taurus
Middle school, had that TEC in my locker
I ain't had to run from the principal (No sir)
I did it because of principle

I'ma dunce, I was sexin' yo mama (Woo!)
Nigga we smoked 'em, we don't care 'bout no karma
All the homies gon' protect like Obama (Woo, woo!)
Ancient gold Rolex like a condom (Yeah)
Rolls gold 64s on the Tonka (Yeah)
Rolls gold six by fours on the Tonka (Yeah, yeah)
Twelve colors on my clothes like a punker (And what?)
Twelve million to my ho, she humongous (Woo, woo!)
You might also like
Maserati coupe, the sedan in the garage (Skrrt)
Eliantte, all white gold, I'm no fraud (Hey)
Scoliosis, big face Rollie with the chart
Pine-Sol, diamonds clean, livin' large (Yeah)

High school, had a bomb in my Taurus (Woo!)
Middle school, had that TEC in my locker (TEC)
I ain't had to run from the principal (Nah)
I did it because of principle (Let's go)

Wide body Benz with a big nose (Skrrt, skrrt)
Amazon bitches with some white toes (Let's go)
She got extravagant head, love that deep throat (Deep throat, yeah)
YSL almighty, they bitin' our lingo (Water)
That's the beauty of it, sell some then we split
Couple rick Owen kicks, fans wanna take a pic (Woo, woo!)
I saw some beauty in yo' bitch, I'm tryna screw my dick (What?)
Became a young millionaire quick, now my kids born rich (Let's go, let's go)
Ride a foreign whip, booked up with a tour list (A tour list)
I ain't bring no cash out today, bank card in my wallet (My wallet)
We ain't soft like cotton lil' pussy, my niggas rock solid (Rock solid)
Kill you where you stand, no care in my conscious (Let's go)
Maserati coupe, the sedan in the garage (Skrrt)
Eliantte, all white gold, I'm no fraud (Yeah)
Scoliosis, big face Rollie with the chart
Pine-Sol, diamonds clean, livin' large

Tesla truck (Truck), yeah, we young and rich don't give a fuck (Give no fuck)
Heckler Koch (Koch), four five shells, yeah they gon' lift 'em up
Can't wife no thot (No thot), I just fuck 'em then I give 'em up (Give 'em up)
10 bands on the fit, hoe they say I do too much (Do too much)
They diggin' this shit like a grave (Grave)
Can't do nothin' 'less, I'm gettin' paid (Paid)
My bitches so stuck in they ways (Ways)
Walk through the back, all the bitches amazed (Amazed)
Condo by Lenox, the mall in it (Mall in it)
Ain't no one nigga, we all winnin' (We all winnin')
Beat up that pussy, get tall in it (Tall in it)
Lambo so low gotta fall in it (Fall in it)

Maserati coupe, the sedan in the garage
Eliantte, all white gold, I'm no fraud
Scoliosis, big face Rollie with the chart
Pine-Sol, diamonds clean, livin' large
High school, had a bomb in my Taurus
Middle school, had that TEC in my locker
I ain't had to run from the principal
I did it because of principle

Rolls gold 64s on the Tonka
Rolls gold six by fours on the Tonka
Twelve colors on my clothes like a punker
Twelve million to my ho, she humongous2Embed