8 ContributorsGriptape feat. John Lindahl Lyrics
Yeah
Turn my mic down a little bit
Man is this the overall...
I got that, but I need, is there another master volume or no?
Yeah I think it need to go deaf yeah
But that's not in the mic, that's of everything right?
Alright turn my mic down
Yeah yeah yeah, yeah
Just the volume a little bit
Yeah yeah
Ahh yeah
Alright, check!

Paparazzi make me wanna fucking kill myself
TMZ make me wanna fucking kill myself
But no matter what they do I know I'm still myself
Stay strong and in the end love life and my health
If I said fuck Cole and Kendrick and Drake
Then everyone in media would take the bait and post that shit
But when I say how much I love 'em, people ghost that shit
And when I talk about my feelings people roast that shit
Tell me I got a lot of money I should boast that shit
One minute you the greatest then the next you the worst
"Logic, you too lyrical to be having fun with a verse
You gotta come ten out of ten every time, ten out of ten every rhyme"
It's always gotta be perfect within my mind
But wait, that shit ain't fun to me
Look at what arguably one of the greatest modern rappers in this day and age has done to me
It's made me hate rap 'cause it used to be about passing a skill
Now it's all fucking heading downhill
It's more about the image
Check the game, not the scrimmage
It's not about the music if it's all about the image
And how we use it then what the fuck?
Hip-hop was Run-D.M.C, now it's run from TMZ
Now it's everything you do no matter what it is has to be done perfectly, shit
Somebody hiding behind a avatar said I'm starting to look old
Well I'm 30, what the fuck you expect?
Should I use make-up to cover the wrinkles in my neck?
Should I cut open the back of my skull and pay a hundred thousand dollars so my hair look full?
Should I write music from my heart? Or let a 20-something rapper do all the work while I chart?
Shit, we live in a world of instant reviews
Where people who aren't even your fans dog your art however they choose
Artists used to make music for like-minded people with similar views
Not for struggling critics tryin' to increase their YouTube views
My damn, I mean
You might also like
Once upon a time not long ago
We'd anticipate release dates and walk in the snow
And take the bus miles and miles all the way to the store
And pay twenty dollars just to hear our favorite artist flow
And this the type of shit our kids ain't never gonna know
What it truly means, just to be a fan and not constantly critiquing shit whenever you can
'Cause you had a power from that device in your hand
There's no more value in music for people that don't use it
'Cause real talk streaming platforms abuse it
Don't get me wrong
I love having every album, every song, by every artist that ever existed
But I just feel like this A.D.D. culture got it twisted
You really have an opinion on an album in 20 minutes after you listen but you fucking completely missed it
'Cause one million songs drop every seven days
Which only gives one artist in the world a week to be praised
Shit, I'm done playin that game
Making decisions based on money and fame
We all do it and I done it since my mixtapes
But I think I finally found my footing, I found my griptape

And then we kick push, kick push
Kick push, kick push, coast
And away he roll
Just a rebel in a world with no place to go
And so we kick push, kick push, kick push, kick
I think I finally found my griptape
Ah, can you help me? (Help me) (Yeah)
Ah, can you help me? Oh yeah
Can you help me? (Shout out that boy Lupe one time too)
Ooh, can you help me? (Greatest alive! Greatest alive!)
Just wait a minute, I swear I'am get it you said
From Mayralend to the moon I've chucking them deuces
(Hey!) Hey! (Hey!) Hey! (Hey!) Hey!
Top gunning with my true command
Up in the sky like I'm Superman
We hit a lick then we wondering
Where in the world do we take our future?
If I were you I would lose your, man
Leave your girl with a souvenir
Look at me like I'm the champion, the champion
Ah, can you help me? (Help me)
Ah, can you help me? Oh yeah
Can you help me?
Ooh, help help me
Just wait a minute, I swear I'am get it you said
From Maryland to the moon, I'm chucking them deuces
Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute
From Maryland to the moon, I'm chucking them deuces
Hey1Embed