65 ContributorsDear God Lyrics
Dear God, I'm tryin' hard to reach you
Dear God, I see your face in all I do
Sometimes it's so hard to believe in

Dear God, I think it's time we had a conversation
These lonely nights is getting to me so my mind is racin'
I think about this life I live and all the shit I'm facin'
More secrets in my mind than a Freemason
I get lonely at times, and then I write these rhymes
I'm only human, I want to hit the club and fuck a dime
But I know that's not the answer to my problems
Lord help me solve them, disintegrate and dissolve 'em
Layin' in bed with a girl I'm pretty sure is my next
Contemplating the sex while I think about my ex
Am I wrong? Yeah
Dear God, am I wrong? Uh (Dear God)
Dear God, tell me, am I wrong?
For livin' the life of a king surrounded by these pawns
Fans telling me I'm the greatest but I never hear 'em
'Cause I ain't hit the pinnacle, yeah, I'm still persevering
Demons whispering in my ears, but no, I never fear 'em
People thinking they on his level they ain't even near 'em
I just want to spread positivity through lyrical ability
They call it selling out but I just call it versatility, yeah
It's my life, my wrongs, and my rights
My battle, my songs, and my fights
Now everybody wanna come around?
Tell me where was you last year when a brother was down?
Not a single one of you motherfuckers believed in the brand
Extended a hand, and now you wanna be my man?
I think not, you quick to shape shift like ink blots
The real Dilla, we cut classic, no fitters
What about the time I was nine and my mama almost murdered me?
Don't think I forgot that shit, it still burdens me
Her bare hands tight around my throat
"I can't breathe" I screamed, "I can't breathe, Mama
Don't you want me, Mama? Don't you love me, Mama?" What the fuck
Where was you then, God? Tell me now
How's a brother supposed to stay sane? Tell me how
Why you let me live but let another die?
Why you dry my tears but let another cry? Gotta know
Set to detonate, I gotta blow, that shit fo' sho
I used to wonder why in the hell you would make me suffer
But now in the end I understand that it made me tougher
You might also like
I get up when I'm down, had enough, almost drowned
When shit rough, I get tough and when I'm beaten to the ground
I get up, yeah
I get up, yeah, yeah
I get up when I'm down, had enough, almost drowned
When shit rough, I get tough and when I'm beaten to the ground
I get up, yeah
I get up, I get up
Get up48Embed