74 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolStupid/Asking Lyrics

(Metro)
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Yeah (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
Yeah (Ooh, ooh)
Yeah

Heard you went and fucked my friend, is you stupid?
Heard you went and copped the Benz, is you stupid?
Spendin' all your dividends, is you stupid?
You must be stupid, you must be stupid
You done went and fucked my friend, is you stupid?
Heard you went and copped the Benz, is you stupid?
Spendin' all your dividends, is you stupid?
You must be stupid, you must be stupid, hey

Ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh, ooh
Ooh, ooh

I've been swappin' out all these bitches, kickin' my pimpin'-pimpin'
She pull up and get right to it, she know my intuition
I talk loud as hell to this bitch, I don't do no pillow kickin'
Richie Millie kid, I'm so embarrassеd, I ain't done no tickin'
A ho won't go, oh my God, I just seen a UFO (Ha)
Five hundred thousand for thе car, fifty thou' for the coat
Hangin' with some Bloods, Crips, even with a couple Folks
She like, "What you doin'? You fuckin' her, I knew it, nigga"
You might also like
Why you fucked my friend? Is you stupid?
Heard you went and copped the Benz, is you stupid?
Manipulatin' all my friends, is you stupid?
Is you stupid? You must be stupid, yeah
You fucked my friend, is you stupid?
You bought that G63 Benz, is you stupid?
You spendin' all your racks again, is you stupid?
Is you stupid? Is you stupid?

Passionate about your motherfuckin' lovin', I
Get strange when it come down to you lovin' me
You love me back's what you 'posed to say
To love, to falsetto
Reaping, that's when the cops come by, nigga
Hopefully it's not the day somebody dyin', nigga
I don't wanna see another mother cry
I don't wanna see another mother cry
Can we K-I-S-S, baby?
I've been thinking 'bout your top in my Mercedes
She been goin' through my phone, it's troublin' lately
Tryna figure out what I'm doin' and why I'm the one make her crazy

Is it 'cause you fucked my friend? Is you stupid?
Heard you went and copped a Benz, is you stupid?
Spendin' all your dividends, is you stupid?
You must be stupid, you must be stupid
Heard you went and fucked my friend, is you stupid?
Heard you went and copped that Benz, is you stupid?
Spent all your money again, is you stupid?
Must be stupid
It's alright (Ooh)
And it's alright, yeah (Ooh)
And it's alright (Ooh)
And it's alright, alright (Ooh)
It's alright (Ooh)
Hey, I came in and she said, "Alright"
Hey, I don't know if she made her mind
Hey, lil' mama Kawasaki, let's ride
It's alright
Yeah, ooh, ooh, ooh
Yeah, ooh, ooh, ooh (Yeah)
Yeah, ooh, ooh, ooh
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, ooh, ooh, ooh

All your old clothes, they gotta go
Got you cleaning out your closet, darling
Got you fly, you like a fly, no swabbin'
Let the gang go to your show and now you mobbin'
No need to butter me up, you can go grab it
Buy all the baguettes, I don't do no crabbin'
Long as you braggin' and let me stab it
You hot like a dragon and you ain't never gotta ask me

Askin', askin'
I'm tired of askin', you tired of askin'
I'm tired of askin', I'm tired of askin'
I'm tired of askin', I'm tired of askin'
I'm tired of askin', askin'
I'm tired of askin', askin'

I'm tryna get in your guts, show me your guts
All of my bitches up, we all up
This bitch say I was good for her just like melatonin
I wanna lay with you every night and we never bone
Good hair, only comb in her house is a silicone
She done put her thong in my mouth and we made a song
You been window shoppin' all your life and I'm rich
On my second life, I ditched
All the ones and fives, I kept
All the hunduns tight, okay
I can't creep tonight, okay
I just lynched the Sprite, okay
I don't wanna play with my life, okay
Half a million dollars on sight, okay
I can rely on my dawg, my ace, one call, he get real racks (Get real racks)
We ain't gotta ask no more, when you walkin' in Margi', you can get that bag (Get that bag)
You a lil' pretty lil' brat, but you get on top of that shit and get ratchet
I just took an Instagram model down right on a dirty mattress (Taurus)
You want it, you grab it, don't ask me
You ain't even gotta ask me
You ain't even gotta ask me
You ain't even gotta ask me
You ain't gotta butter me up
You can go where you want, you can grab it

Ain't you tired of askin', askin'?
I'm tired of askin', you tired of askin'
I'm tired of askin', I'm tired of askin'
I'm tired of askin', I'm tired of askin'
I'm tired of askin', askin'
I'm tired of askin', askin'
I'm tired of askin', askin'
Askin', askin', yeah

Askin', askin', ooh, yeah
Askin', askin', askin', yeah4Embed