9 ContributorsLet Me See It Lyrics
Let me see it, let me see it
Uh (OG Parker)

I'm a lady pimp (Uh), these niggas all my hoes (My hoes)
Which one I want today? Eenie-meenie-minie-mo (Which one?)
That "S" up on my chest, 'cause, bitch, that's where I'm from (South)
In your nigga face 'cause that's where I wanna cum, uh
My man ain't scared of nothin' (Nothin'), I dare a nigga to test him (Baow)
As far as he know, when we fuck, he been went to Heaven (Ah)
I drive that nigga crazy (Crazy), I think he need some help (Uh)
When I go overboard, my side niggas split the bill (Ah, ah)

Is you gon' spend or you here to window-shop? Let me see it
All that ass make a nigga spin the block just to see it
Can you dance or that's just for TikTok? Let me see it (Baow)
If you're lookin' for a real pimp, baby, let me be it (Man), uh

Bitch, that ain't your trick (Huh?)
You and that nigga in love (What?)
I don't play none of them games, he don't get conversation outside of the club (Boy, bye)
Bitches swear they pimpin' (What?)
A nigga'll call them, they come
Since when a ho tell a pimp what to do?
Bitch, you ain't pimpin' enough (Ayy)
Stop playin' like I'm one of these lame-ass, square-ass, trick-ass hoes
And I keep on all of these diamonds, everything I drop go platinum and gold (Uh)
I tell that nigga, "Don't leave (Don't leave), you better off with your dick"
You come over here and I promise I'm doin' you worse than you do that bitch (Uh)
You might also like
Is you gon' spend or you here to window-shop? Let me see it
All that ass make a nigga spin the block just to see it
Can you dance or that's just for TikTok? Let me see it (Baow)
If you're lookin' for a real pimp, baby, let me be it, uh (Let me be it)

Ayy, what's up y'all? This the trill OG Bun B, reppin' UGK for life, straight out of Port Arthur, Texas
You know, I seen a lot of motherfuckers come and go, tryna move through these streets like they was Tony Snow
But I only ever seen one motherfucker even come close
That was Tina Snow, reppin' that third coast
Slap a bitch, whip a ho
Make any nigga trick out his dough
But when you see her come through with them diamonds blazing that fur
Recognize this real legend is about to...
Ladies and gentlemen, Tina Snow
Tina Snow, reppin' that third coast
What it do? It's Paul Wall, baby
And this Something for Thee Hotties
Big Texas shit, you know what I'm sayin'?
I'm talkin' bout South Park to South Dallas, all the way down to South Texas
I'm talkin' 'bout Almeda to El Paso, Acres Home to San Anton'
H-town to G-town, A-town to Funky Town
All the way to your town, you know what I'm talkin' 'bout?
When you see Thee Stallion come through, you better ride with her or get rolled on
Now fix your face, bitch, 'cause we 'bout to go live in this ho
Real hot girl shitEmbed