31 ContributorsWorld Wide Lyrics
Hahahaha!
Oh you gon' highlight shit? (Hahaha)
Gon' get jealous like shit? (Hahahaha)
I hope you record it like shit? (Hahaheheheha)
'Cause I am GRVTY like shit? (Hehe fuck)
And I am, sleep tight
Wait, wait, are you recording?
And to immediately get into our show
I want to bring out the host of tonight's show
You all know him
A very wonderful, wonderful personality of show business

Now ain't it funny how the whole thing changed
They said I'd never make it, now their words rearranged
I went from nothing to something
But I was something all along
Who you know on the come-up doing numbers in Hong Kong?
Got fans in LA, got fans in NY
Got fans down in Atlanta and all the way to the Chi'
We world wide (World wide)
World wide motherfucker
They think we pay for promotion but our strength is in numbers
It's so comical, so hilarious
All these stupid groupie bitches want to marry us
And just a year ago, I had to pay to perform
And now venues across the country dropping stacks to go on
I've been working for years and sometimes I get heated
But those who don't learn from history are doomed to repeat it
I do it for the fans, they know what the message is
RattPack is world wide, don't believe it? Check the messages
You might also like
I love you! Come to Miami please! Um, you're perfect, you're beautiful, ok, bye I love you! Bye! Bye bye, we love you
Yo, what up Logic? My name is Adam  and I'm currently living in Tokyo. I'm a huge fan of your music and you're doing great stuff for the rap game
Hi Logic! This is Melissa, I'm calling from Paris. I really like your music, I love your lyrics. Keep making us happy with your music. Kisses from France. Bye!
Sup Logic, it's, uh, Jason here from London calling you. Your music is dope, uh, I love what you do. We're waiting for you over here and we'll take care of you as soon as you come here
Yo Logic, what's good man? My name is Brandon, I'm 18 years old, I'm from Switzerland, I'm a huge fan, man, keep up the good work. Keep it comin' bro, you know?
Yo, yo, I'm from Brazil, nigga, Logic is the shit. Young Sinatra
Hey, this is Tyson from Cobalt, Ontario, Canada, your music's the shit. Keep up the good work
Hey Logic, my name's Amanda, I am from Puerto Rico. Oh my god, like, if I ever met you, it would be the happiest day ever. I would love it if you came over to Texas, I would fly all the way over there to come see you. Bye!
Hey, my sweetheart, I just wanted to tell how much I love your music. Keep doing what you're doing because we all love you so much. Te queremos mucho, bye
Hey Logic, I'm from Canada and I fuckin' love your music
Logic, it's Jacob from Alaska, just wanna tell you that you're the shit

And now I'm back but I'ma switch the style up
We moving at high speed, these fuckers is dial-up
You know I formulate my words like a dissertation
So let a brother proceed like litigation
I know you feel this deep inside of you, no penetration
We got something for everybody but in moderation
You gotta crawl 'fore you walk, I ball but you block
Share knowledge like it's stocks since the West Deer Park
Back in the days a 9 millimeter strays that grazed
My old apartment
Wherever I dreamed, that's where my heart went
Now, as a baby my Mama was on the bottle
Couldn't wait 'til I was of age to hit the lotto
Or the throttle and I'm gone
Like fuck the world, all I had was music and my girl
'Til that shit fell apart and this life unfurled
Nevertheless, I attest "Am I blessed?" Hell yes
Occasional stress, but I only bite what I can digest
Back in the day it was jeans and white tee's
Now I got so many sponsors I can't keep up with the companies
Now I'm not bragging about material possessions
I'm trying to teach you a lesson about business and progression
And what happens when you perfect the image in your profession
Ain't no second guessing, you know it's all about perception
I used to talk about the things I wasn't really doing
But I had to visualize it before I began pursuing it
Yeah, huh, and now a motherfucker doing it
But business aside, it's been a beautiful ride
'Cause I do it for the fans and brush the haters aside
I can't wait for the day I'll look within the eyes of my bride
'Cause every lion needs its queen to make its children its pride
But these haters really don't know what the message is
(Message is)
Don't know what the message is
Once again, don't believe it? Check the messages
Sup Logic, um, I'm from Danbury, Connecticut
Yo what's up, Logic? This is Steven from San Antonio, Texas
Yo, what up? My dude Logic, yeah I'm from same old West Deer Park, man, it's ya boy 
Hey Logic, this is Sarah , your number one fan from Detroit
Yo Logic, it's  off from Gaithersburg High School! You know, you know, you know, you know, bitch you know! Yeah, your music real dope, son. I be cranking that shit with my mom and shit
Dude, what's up? I'm from Maryland. I'm from College Park, University of Maryland. I've seen all of your videos
What's up, Logic? I'm from Santa Cruz, California
Yo man, I'm from San Jose
What's good, Logic? From Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania
Ayy yo, what's up, Logic? It's Mike Mays, I'm from the bay
Yo, what up, Logic? This Daniel  from Forstmann, Arkansas
Hey, it's Michala from Portland, Oregon
Albuquerque, New Mexico
Austin, Texas
Cincinnati, Ohio
Long Island
I'm from Virginia
South Dakota
Chicago,  area
New York
Grandswood, North Carolina, dude!
Anaheim, in California
Colorado, North Eastern Nevada
Maui, Hawaii
, California
South Carolina
New York
Los Angeles, California
The Bronx, New York
Los Angeles, California
Raleigh, North Carolina
, Florida
Colorado
Texas
I love you. *laughs* I sound like the-
I love you!
I love you. *laughs*
Hey, I'm just calling you, and I hope you hear this but I think you're sexy as hell
You're such a genius and I totally admire your work
I love your music, like, you don't even know, like, there's no words to explain how much I love your music
I really, really, really, really, really love your music
I love your music
I freakin' love your music, you're amazing! Loving every bit of all of your new music
I fucking love your music
I love your music
I love your music
Oh my god, Logic! I'm a true BobbySoxer!
I'm a BobbySoxer all day, every day. I will forever rep it
BobbySoxer
BobbySoxer all day
RattPack, RattPack, boy! All day
RattPack for life
RattPack for life
RattPack all day
RattPack 'til I die. I am in love with your music
Young Sinatra
Young Sinatra
Young Sinatra
Your music, it like, truly inspires me
Your music is definitely inspirational
You're my favorite rapper!
All I do is grind, all I do is get this money, all I do is rhyme
Aight nigga, we fucks with you up out here
Man, I bump your shit all day, dude! Playing that purp durp skurp durp to your shit, dude
Logic, you are my idol
What's good, Logic? It's Dalton Cole from Los Angeles, California, man! Know what I just love about your music is that it's just a variety of everything and that's what the world needs! A variety of taste and not just one kind of thing, you know? Leading people to all different things 'cause that's what makes the world a beautiful place it is, is by- it's not just looking at one thing but just sharing all the different genres and I'm just grateful for that, man. That somebody's doing that and I'm just grateful to be your fan. Making music for the world and for the good, and that love is deliberated, brother, so, thank you

I just want to take a, take a moment of your time right now. I just want to thank everybody. I'm nothing without the fans, I'm nothing without my team. It's been a long journey, and this is just the beginning. Thank you all so much. I truly, I truly love you all from the bottom of my heart. Man, this shit is crazy. Since day 1, I been at it. I know I probably sound real, real tired but, shit, the whole RattPack been up for the like past 4 days trying to finish up this mixtape. It's just been crazy. But you already know what it is. Logic, Young Sinatra, shout out to the Bobby Soxers, RattPack all day, Visionary. I love ya'll
(Sinatra)7Embed