14 ContributorsLook Around Me Lyrics
Man I wish these hoes could see me now, things changed
I remember when I used to beg for change

I done came a long way from the block where these birds got their hands out
Remember lil me? Guess what, motherfucker? I'm the man now
She used to hang up on a nigga when I called, that was year 'round
Now the same bitch wanna give me good brains with her hair down
And that's funny, and my ex wanna call me, saying that she wanna have me
Talking 'bout "When we getting married?"
Bitch you need to find another pappy, and haters don't look too happy
Swear it's my fault, you done turned me to a monster
Fly ass truck, I'm a Tonka, and I ain't really into the drama
I'd rather get paid, period, no comma
Mind your damn business, homie what you saying?
I done came up, fuck is you talking 'bout? I'm just working
Fuck is you thinking? I got some hurt for the niggas
I got some pork for the bacon, if it ain't bones that I'm breaking
And I was born on probation, they pulled me over to take me
Inside the border, they drained me and cut me open and gave me
Some fuckin' potion I'm craving, dammit, look what you made me
I'm just going

Look what I became from where they found me
I think you should take a look around me
I hear people saying things about me
I think you should take a look around me (x3)
I hear people saying things about me
But I think you should take a look around me
You might also like
Man I wish these hoes could see me now, things changed
I remember when I used to beg for change, that was way back
Now I sit and wait while these niggas plotting payback
Success is on the way

Uhh, I done came a long way from the stoop where the fiends got their hands out
Remember lil old me? Guess what, motherfucker? I'm the man now
He used to run his mouth 'bout me all around the hood, it was man down
And now the same nigga want a fucking autograph, he a fan now
And that's funny, now my ex girl calling saying that she tryna see us
Talking 'bout "Where we gonna meet up?"
Bitch you need to find another re-up, and haters wanna see me get beat up
Yeah it's my fault, it done turned me to a psycho
Ass so fat she need lipo, and I ain't really into the titles
Rather get insurance on the pussy, no Geico
Mind your own business, homie what you saying?
I done came up, fuck is you talking 'bout? I'm just working
Fuck is you wishing, I got some dirt for the pigeons
I got some work for the business so write my words on the ceiling
I hope I'm hurting your feelings, they pulled me over, I went in
Inside the border to check in, they cut me open and gave me
Some fuckin' potion or medicine, dammit look what you made me
I'm just going
Look what I became from where they found me
I think you should take a look around me
I hear people saying things about me
I think you should take a look around me (x3)
I hear people saying things about me
But I think you should take a look around me

I used to get mad when the hoes ain't flock
I used to get bullied by the whole damn block
Running from the boys, hope I don't get caught
Niggas had guns, hope I don't get shot
Lord, oh Lord can you answer my prayer?
Beautiful dreams and these weird nightmares
Standin in blood with a pair of Nike Airs
I'm just tryna get a buzz, I'm the real light year
Ho point me to the door, I'm catching my breath
Blood on my blood, and flesh on my flesh
My heart might stop but I'll stretch you out, yes
Machiavelli and Pac, resurrecting my death
And I'm back as a hologram, Jesus must be inside of him
What you riding in? Wanna talk about ice and Beamers?
Get your shit broke like Ike and Tina
I was born on the seventeenth day
Along came Joyner, in Heaven we pray
Born by the pussy I'll die by the pussy
That just means that I could never be gay
Take a look around me, me, you floss too much
And talk about how you just a boss too much
I swear I love winning cause I lost too much
I wanted Drake on the hook but he cost too much
Fuck I look like lying then? I'm a pyro's pirate
Set the hood on fire, hit the hydrants
Guess I'm just a product of my environment
And that's word, flashbacks to my teacher in class
Telling me she hope that I don't finish high school
All I know is I came a long way
And I'll be God damned if I ever stop soon
Look what I became from where they found me
I think you should take a look around me
I hear people saying things about me
I think you should take a look around me (x3)
I hear people saying things about me
But I think you should take a look around me1Embed