29 ContributorsMars Attacks LyricsThese lil', lil' fuckin' Martians
You gotta love em' though
Mars attacks wit' electric gats
Not for sapien abduction (what's up then?!)
Billy took a laser to the mug piece; hollowed out the mandible
Channel headquarters, order the cannonballs (Mars attacksssss)
BFI demands column to this pigeon ankle
And boomeranging' our harvest; 51st area sickness
Not a threat, nary a witness won't injure the promise
Monster lead- carry your ligament fanged in the mosh pit
Dodge phaser, labor days are major A, sir
Cater the alien decomposer soldier platter like Caddy Shack eight
I told her "Go for C4 magic's"
Smolder as did Bazooka Tooth holster fabric
(This fucker's rabid and still breathing!) (Hiding cabbage!)
Oh, the heater claps to leave me
I'mma ninja this shit with sugar in the fuel tank of the saucer
Buddy up and head down to the metal corporate tunnels
Ice pick the soldered ship wiring; pissed off the mother and um
I'd be lying if I said I knew your intentions
See my sexy sabotage thinks defensive action'll save the race
You lend a hand on board to mention magma (Blaze the place!)
Spread fire of your revival, there's wires in your Bible
Obviously, ultra tech advanced when I point-counterpoint
Comparison of ET vs. little old freak me (She be on somethin')
Hey riddle sweet peas wit' your nickel PCs, fickle CDs, miserable TV sitcom (Typical!) Pathetic ritual collective slackership
Beautiful establishment; you ain't established shit! I consider you foul
Prowl back to the numbers under burnt pride in the dark (Sup, y'all!)
They want us dead or alive without the alive part!
The sun rose over a body bag shortage
Last week I was like "God bless the saint that invented the cordless."
This week I sorta re-routed of the bull's-eye of my worship:
Temple-body slash full cabinet master my diversions
Fuck y'all, lets do this shit; My movement soothes any space invader practice
Stomped up to enemy like "Hey what now, bitch!?
I am human, hear me rise above material and cardinal sin."
They shot me in the face:
You might also likeMars wins. (Mars wins. Mars wins. Mars wins. Mars wins...)
(God morning, sir. May I show you something? Sir.)
(Jet-black smoke on the horizon.) Black smoke in the air
Maaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrsssss wins! (I thought you would like it.)
Who you screaming at dog? I got this! (Let's go.)
Zig zag 'zooka, pinnacle stitch
Unleash the unlimited edish primitive piss
I slip a cynical Mickey to most military ops
Monkey - here's how the filament drops
We on a pre-three prong ancient elephant tusk
Betamax fully, break bread
You shruggin' it off, keep it electric, sure
But NY Electric's not about electric war
It's "hunt, gather", see the poor man's clan set bait (Last page!)
Three, two, one, domesticate!
In the corner of the cave reinventing the wheel and roll out funny
Sitting on them Barney Rubble twenties, subtle;
Sipping saber tooth blood puddle-
I could roll with the lackey's, that's if we hustle
Knuckle in the mud, hell's bells in the chuckle
Red-berried face means smudge around the muzzle
I'm allergic to the now-born solar panel cuddle
Stole cold to the core, dirt menace
Stone cold sans Alcor cryogenics - stubborn
Can't talk shit with a tongue full of rug burn
Got bad cholesterol, good blood sugar;
Four-piece heartbeats wit' a subwoofer!
I'm not asking you to act like you notice (Oh, Aesop's SO Mesozoic.)
And now I see that cabinets pills be old (Potent!)
Open the mirrors while I pulse with the voltage
Keeping me alive is the vibe with the Vulcan's hope!
Tangle the vine catapult (Catapult!)
I break it down to the bones of the crux with the goals of the age old
Eat. Sleep. Fuck
Structural droids; more bounce for the buck
But they want a last stegosaurs - thorns in its butt (buck wit' it!)
Prehistoric land shark business, cradled in the arms of the karma and kismet
Swarm to the sickly thawed out the glacier
Beggin' for the freezer burn; back every day, sir!
Sir, your science loves to fuck nature
Sir, your right to the dawn of my day, sir
Sir, your violent lab coat and beak can vivisect witches til we all catch vapors
(GIVE HIM)
Don't call it a sound-off, "Mars Attacks" be the malarkey downfall
(ONE)
It's not a game no more, run from the flash, leave your panic at the door
(THESE)
A lotta of magic gadgets, give em all back just to nullify the savage
(PILLS)
Mics crumble if we rock 'em right
In the year of the troglodyte
Saw a grey mouse gravy poured on a board
To the dull morose world like a lull in a storm
And I know you was hopin' that the piece for the ox was a dull sword, Ahk
Guess what: it's not! Guess what else: I transmit for the block!
T-Rex - X-Ray with triple X Hex (give it up!)
For the yesterdays, or the next I can assure you if there is I got the sword
(dead flesh!)
Ain't no time left. (Keep ya head up now)
Maaaaarrrrrrrrssss wins! (I thought you would like it)
Saw a- a bleak ending real quickEmbed