157 ContributorsUnnecessary Lyrics
Yuh, ahehe
Ayy, it's- this is royalty, right?
Yeah, we royalty, you ain't even know that?
You gotta use the royal "we" around us
It's royalty

Who the fuck Gambino? (Uh)
This nigga on yo' TiVo? (Uh)
My hotel cost a kilo, we bankin' like a free throw (Woo!)
Fuck y'all, we A-Team, y'all plan B like Walgreens
Cop that shit and paint it black, niggas want they summer back?
Ha-ha, no way (Uh), hublots, Dolce
Beans in my hand, girl in the car
She still with her man, but she seein' me tomorrow (Woo!)
Homegirl on that Master P, watch us ball like referees (Ah!)
Unnecessary roughness? We just tryna function (Ayy)
Used to sport them Filas 'cause my cousin pack them heaters
We don't wife 'em like Khalifa (Nah)
We just party then we leave 'em
Tell 'em that we hittin', we don't really see 'em
My girl look best when she only wear a fitted
Q and 'Bino in the house and you niggas in the Senate
Get it?
You might also like
Four thou' on my fit, that's unnecessary
Skiing in Japan, that's unnecessary
Molly on my rider, that's unnecessary
'Bino spit the fire, that ain't even necessary
That's unnecessary, that's unnecessary
That's unnecessary, that's unnecessary
Roll out on a plane, that's unnecessary
'Tussin and champagne, nigga, that ain't even necessary

Yo, they said don’t buy the belt and I got it (Yeah)
They said don’t get the Rollie and I bought it, uh (Yo)
Nigga, I’m ballin' (Uh)
My fuckin' mixtape can get you through college (Yeah)
Gettin' them dollars (Yeah)
Showin' my pearly white teeth, I'm a nigga that’s flawless (Yeah-yeah)
Came a long way from dumpin' out Impalas (Yeah-yeah)
Same gun and pants, different ski mask from coppers
All of this copper
Knock knock, who could it be? Niggas know I got it on lock (Uh)
Yawk, yawk (Yawk)
Bitch rappers better move ‘fore them niggas get dropped
(Uh) Uh, uh (Uh)
Mr. Flop boy, you got your label hot (Yeah, yeah)
I’m the hardest out, you's a table cloth (Yeah, yeah-yeah)
Unnecessary ballin', I was carted off, uh
Been fucking with my side bitch so much
My main bitch can’t stand it (Huh, yeah, yeah)
Hunnid racks in three months, man this shit is outstanding, uh
(Yeah, yeah-yeah)
Seen a dollar go to stupid racks, billion, trillion
Nigga, that’s what I call building
‘Bino what it do? Let’s go half on a million
Bathroom DVR, that’s unnecessary (Ayy)
Pushin' in that bulletproof, that’s unnecessary (Ayy)
Stuntin' in the mall, that’s unnecessary (Uh)
Condo on my arm, that ain't even necessary
That’s unnecessary, that’s unnecessary (Woo!)
That’s unnecessary, that’s unnecessary (Uh!)
Ibiza for a day, that’s unnecessary (Bino!)
Show's a hundred K (Royalty!), nigga, that ain’t even necessary

Bl-bl-bla-black Lip Bastard, actual natural disaster
I did a song about DMT, Soulja Boy did one right after-er-er-er
3 eyes, these guys ain’t seein' me
No radio showed up over B.o.B
G-O-D MC, I’m the devil with angel wings
Pilot Talk, currency (Soulo), stole the show, burglary (Soulo)
I love that flow but I got more (Soulo)
Open condoms in condos (Soulo)
Open bottles of Moet (Soulo)
White with white girls in Eugene (Soulo)
We used to call hoes on 3-way (Soulo)
And take 'em out to the movies (Soulo)
And now we just do it our way (Soulo)
She drivin' stick in the driveway (Soulo)
Just popped a molly with Miley (Soulo)
She do shrooms every blue moon (Soulo, molly on my rider)
Hundred million trillion motherfuckin' racks, nigga (Nigga)
Pinot Grigio the lean’ll go in that, nigga (Nigga)
Now that's unnecessary, been a legend since elementary
Ayo, Bino, tell these niggas I ain't no joke
She don't need speak, she ain't giving no throat
You are under my control, suspend the L's but I'm on a roll
Grade A, honor roll, mayday, Soul!51Embed