27 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolPlaywright Lyrics
Ahem
You, you, you, you
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ayy

Uh, uh, when the vibes is right
Chillin' with the homies, tryna dodge the plight
Rapper by day, but I'm a dad by night
You can have all the money, but your time finite
Uh, yeah, you know we doin' it right
Family over everything's a beautiful sight
Cruisin' in the Bronco on a Tuesday night
Most don't live they lives by the rules they write

Rappin' through the evenin' 'til I see the daylight
OutKast, fuck the crowd and whatever they like
Logic known for tellin' stories like a playwright
Stay Black, brothers and sisters it's how we stay right
This that midnight marauder shit
Flow seamless over the beat, it's kind of like a partnership
Aren't you nervous you aren't the best? I never even thought of it
Ha, yeah
'Cause, see, for me, it's not a contest
I want all my brothers to win, all my brothers to win
For me, it's not a contest
I want all my brothers to win, all my brothers to win (Uh, uh)
I'm pressin' in (Uh, uh), the lesson is (Uh, uh)
I'm investin' in (Uh), the rest of them (Uh)
I'm pressin' in (Uh), the lesson is (Uh)
I'm investin' in (Uh), the rest of them (Uh)
You might also like
Uh, uh, when the vibes is right
Chillin' with the homies, tryna dodge the plight
Rapper by day, but I'm a dad by night
You can have all the money, but your time finite
Uh, you know we doin' it right
Family over everything's a beautiful sight
Cruisin' in the Bronco on a Tuesday night
Most don't live they lives by the rules they write

Oh, swinging through the evening, until I see the daylight
Let me know the sequence, until they feel the limelight
Swinging through the evening, until I see the daylight
Let me know the sequence, until they feel the limelight

Yo, that's Castro's apartment right there
Here he comes
Ayo, for real, like, I kind of gotta talk to him about tonight
Ah, yeah, fuck, what's up, niggas?
What's up?
Oh, what's up, bro, how you doin'?
Bro, I'm fuckin' excited
Me too, man
Man, I can't wait, we gonna kill that shit
Ayy, Lenny, you got a Newport?
Yeah, I got you
You got a lighter?
What? Nigga, goddamn, niggaYou want me to smoke that shit for you too?
Damn, bro
Fuck, man, here
Thank you, what you wake up on the wrong side of the bread?
Ayy, Castro, man, I gotta talk to you about somethin'
What's up?
Look, bro, I love you
But I don't think you understand the definition of a hypeman
What you mean?
What I mean is that— look
It's the hypeman's job to alleviate pressure from the main act, you know?
So, when I come and I say
"My name is Logic, if you don't know by now, I'm always on my"
That's when you supposed to come in and say "grind"
While I take a breath, okay, so I can rap the next part
Nigga, I know what a hypeman is
No, you obviously don't, 'cause you too hype
You be rappin' the whole verse and shit, on stage, what the fuck?
Man, calm the fuck down, Logic
You too hype right now, it ain't that deep
Man, whatever, man, just let me hit that Jack
We'll be at UMD in like twenty minutes
Well, good thing I brought beat CDs
You did?
Duh, Lenny, throw this in, I'm tryna freestyle
Who goin' first?Embed