30 ContributorsNickel Plated Pockets Lyrics
Yo, (Alright Ok)
Can I get a quarter or something?
Little hungry, you know what I'm saying? (Alright Ok)
Homeless...
I need a loosey, yo...
(Yo...)

Walk into the store with a pocket full of nickels
And a city full of horns, jackhammers, and rape-whistles
The alley cats manipulate the blocks with gutter magic
Today my heart beats only out of habit
Check it, it's like..
My man Jus used to keep an ox between his teeth
Said he could spit it with pinpoint accuracy if there was beef
We chuckled out loud
Still the thought of it intrigued me, (right)
So now I keep a jackal under my tongue to spit with related reasoning
The earthworm turbulent murder burnout Gerber baby no-brainer memoir stardom
Alarmed, pardon the old buzz deader
Robert Crumb ugly dumb image
Barely sprung fairly numb grimace
Nearly cut cherry blood spicket wrists back in high school (now it's like)
Slide, with a millipede pedagogue pirate
Navigates city sump systems, urbanite turbines, twisted Pistons, Termites that infect sturdy grillage
There's roaches in the pillars, spillover
And crawl across commuter-clean wingtips and loafers
It's the theme park I built
Pocket full of nickels for cigarettes, gum, and milk
Bitterness, love, and violence
I'm writing a petition to have smoking as a sport
In the 2002 Summer Olympic Games (wanna sign it?)
Now look, I jux' germs draggin a gavel knee deep in a maggot hatchery
Operation capture flag by any means
If this means anything at all, anyway it's a riddle
Walking to the store with a pocket full of nickels
You might also like
Ay uh, yo excuse me (Ay Yo) yo
Can I borrow a dollar or something? (Ah sorry man) Nickel?
(Sorry man, I can't help you out dog) Quarter?
Something, man? (Yeah I only got enough for like cigarettes and shit man)
Alright man, I see how it is. (I'm straight)

Walk into the store with a pocket full of nickels
And a city full of World Trade Center victim candle vigils
There's anthrax in our mailboxes and Xanax in my tummy
There's a single Spanish female out west traveling the country
Freak of Fantasia leak laser major. Running bases
Neighborhood watch weasels pace in ugly acres more than often
If I ever make it big, I'm gonna build a skyscraper
Tall enough to piss on Cloud 9 egos from my corner office
You can't pull the plug on a catapult (nope)
I toss a nickel to a bum's cup from twenty paces thumbs up
Got twenty ways to tell you shut the fuck up
Nineteen of 'em are 24 bars long, the other one goes (SHUT THE FUCK UP!)
Animatronic daddy long legs stay grimy up in your zoning wall, gobbling villagers trying to hide behind the windmill
I joust riding pig-back through subway tunnels with a third rail lance
While most still try to penetrate the alligator glance (It goes)
Back of the class, throwing pencils at professors
It made the Barbarellas giggle
That's when life's pleasures were simple
Now it takes a dancing bear jumping through flaming hoops
To even make em buy the god-forsaken single!
Thou shalt not desecrate the soothing spiral
Offered by a classic cut to vinyl
Find that in the Bible!
Miter saw militia fix ya up
How bout a pyramid shaped torso
With your hollow numbskull balancing on top
Now if you gotta rock a gas mask outside of your own apartment
You could pretty safely quote Shamar
Life's ill, sometimes life might kill, sometimes prayers dwindle
Walking to the store with a pocket full of nickels
Yo (ay what's up man?) Yo can I ohh...
No.. Never mind, man. (I can't help you out man)
Asshole! (Yo man, I'm trying to help myself out right now)
Fucking asked you for a loosey and you turned me down. (Dog, I'm sorry dog!)

Walk into the store, same pocket, same nickels
In a city where every crack in the sidewalk's a symbol
Where there's crack in the basement, where there's krakens and slave ships
Where there's crack whores and corrupt pigs killing cats trying to crack cases
My boombox runs on a baboon heart transplant (This is hell!)
I got a poltergeist on a leash trained by Carroll Ann herself
Two Thousand something...
When technology ate itself glutton
Every move I make's from a robot gepetto pressing a red button
It's Vietnam in the fumes...
So I run with cannibals that bite the hand that feeds cuz it tastes better than the food
The prickly outer shell's genetic, it helps defense mode
But it also helped to fuck up a couple of sacred friendships
Watch a six legged insect crawl out of the billy goat beard
Watch a sick makeshift bitch threat fall out when the filthy smoke clears
Watch the insect's stinger sting threat till it has sweat a bullet
Sweat a full clip, sweat a river, dead the bullshit, sail away and wither
You're the kind of cat that rolls a pimped out Caddy
Dropped with rims and limousine tints bumpin Enya
Insert laughter here
I wanna rap a lot and stack cheddar by the fistful
But for now, I walk into the store with a pocket full of huhh...
Excuse me, man. (alright ok)
Can I... Can I borrow a dollar or something to eat?
(alright ok) I'm... I'm hungry
I'm saying yo... (alright ok) (Look at that..)
I'm homeless, man. (Look at that bum) (alright ok)
I fought for this country, man. (yeah)
Sleep on park benches... starvin'
All I need is like a loosey and like a sandwich or somethin', man..
Wiping my ass with the Daily News man... c'mon man...
Sleepin' with squirrels... (Oh my god, What are you doing with that squirrel?)2Embed