40 ContributorsYes Sir Lyrics
No sir, no sir, no sir (Huh?)
New Maybach, but I ain't got a chauffeur
I'm in it for the bread, put you in a toaster
(Ayy) Yes sir (Ayy)
Got a lil' older, was a young flexer (Ayy, gang)
You know that it's a go 'cause, bitch, my jacket checkered (Bang, bang)
Poppin' one pill, but it's a double decker (Du-du-du, du-du-du)
(Ayy) Yes sir
I ain't talkin' schools, I'm waitin' on a transfer (Gang, gang, gang)
Send the pussy boy to meet my ancestors (Gang, gang)
Pulled up on the block, it's hot, flamin' Chesters (Gang, gang)
(Ayy) Yes sir (Ayy)
I just flew a bitch in from Manchester ('Chester)
They took me to jail, I should've smacked the arrestor ('Restor)
Hop out the car, I'm flexin' likе Sylvester
(Ayy, ayy) No sir (No sir)
Bitch just pulled up in i8 Roadstеr (Roadster)
Track' cost too much, told that bitch "No sir" (No sir)
Ain't no fuckin' cryin' on my fuckin' shoulder (On my fuckin' shoulder)
Hundred dollar steak and I don't like the texture (Nope)
You can die today, just scratch out yester' (Phew, phew, phew)
Diamonds on my ring, money like a wrestler
Tipped the waiter good, it was a good gesture (Gesture)
Is your whip bulletproof? I'll be the tester (Test)
Test that shit out like a damn semester (Ayy)
Walked up in the club, had to change the weather (Huh?)
Put that bitch out, she's probably seekin' shelter (Huh? Huh?)
They asked me what I want, I said, "I want forever" ('Ever)
Bitch keep callin' the phone, I had to send an error (An error)
I said, "I'm gon' call you back", well, I can't remember (I can't remember)
I want two bitches, who number one contender? ('Tender)
Baby, tell me what I can do to make it better (Better)
Ice got me shiverin' and I'm wearin' a sweater (Burr, burr)
Walkin' on the P's and gettin' G's, Vector (Burr)
Chief So' will put you on a shirt, yes sir (Yes sir)
(Ayy) No sir (No sir)
Back seemin' farther, but I'm gettin' closer (Closer)
He'll kill his mama for a lil' exposure (Exposure)
And he left her body where the fuckin' crows were (Fuckin' crows were)
You might also like
Ayy, yes sir, yes sir, yes sir
Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes sir, yes sir

Mm, yes sir
She be tryna smoke and every time, I be big worm
Heart cold as heart burn
She tryna see what terms we on, I start talkin' outta turn
She came to give me brain, but I can't even learn
Did it while I'm drivin', I can't even turn
Lawyer so good, I buy him a law firm
Every time he beat the case, well done

Woo, yes sir
Yes sir, yes sir, yes sir, yes sir

We'll put you on a stretcher
This bitch five thousand, no cryin' on my sweater
She want some green to buy a purse
That bitch sixty thousand, stupid bitch, you got nerve
Sent a couple shots, the last one was back burnt
Ain't learned by now, the dumbass'll never learn
I was trappin', folks decided to commit a murder
Tryna rob the trapper? Stupid bitch, don't get murdered
Seen my penmanship on a bitch, you need some cursive
All these niggas be jelly, I think it's preservatives
Yes sir (Yeah), yes sir (Yeah), yes sir (Yeah), yes, yes sir (Huh?)
This shit is real confidential, sir (Huh? Huh?)
Oh, you puttin' out our business? We gon' come and get you, sir (Ayy, So', baby, Money Gang)
Have your people tellin' the news that you had potential, sir (Ayy)
You a goofy, you get used like a utensil, sir (Sir)
Get your old ass shot with this new pistol, sir (With the new pistol, sir)
Smokin' dope up in the telly, fuck the incidental, sir (Go, yeah)
And this Lambo' mines, no, it's not a rental, sir (No)
On my way to get the money 'cause it's essential, sir (Ayy)
Thought that you could stop me, well, why didn't you, sir? (Ayy)
Check my fuckin' face card, check my credentials, sir (Bang, bang, bang)
I might pull up in a Bentley Continental, sir (Bang)
Best shit I ever wrote, this shit monumental, sir (Bang)
But I didn't write that shit, they like, "Why didn't you, sir?" (Bang, bang, bang, bang-bang)
How the fuck you havin' all that shit up in you, sir? (Huh?)
Got a AK the same height as Kendall, sir (Good)
I'm a dog, so that bitch want me in a kennel, sir (Bitch)
Runnin' to you in the club, it's coincidental, sir (Huh?)
Yes sir, yes sir
Yes sir, yes, yes
Yes sir, yes sir
Yes sir, yes sir, yes sir, yes sir4Embed