31 ContributorsFlaws Lyrics
I be the Thugga, hold on, ok
Who are you? I don't know, I don't know
Ayy, ayy

Rosé goin' right inside the kitchen (Woo)
I might be a lame if I don't pay that ho tuition (Yeah)
I find out like two weeks ago that I was pimp (Sheesh)
I don't stack that shit by the four 'cause I'm not a shrimp (Nah)
Hell yeah, bae, I do it (What?)
Put that shit on everything, she know I do it (Yeah, yeah)
Fuck that work, I might not do it (Sike!)
Like my daddy or the school, I might listen to it
(Yeah, yeah-yeah, yeah)

My clothes, they by Elizabeth Taylor baby
Fuck on your lil' bitch and get to moving with the skaters baby
I can go around the bitch like equators, baby
And I feel free like the mothafuckin' nature baby (Yeah)
That lil' bitch fit the description like a blazer, baby (Yeah)
And she from L.A. just like the mothafuckin' Lakers, baby (Yeah)
Yea-ah-ah (Sheesh)
I'ma fire shots off like I know Brian Nichols (Bow)
I just might ride or die for my niggas (Skrt)
They talkin' life sentence I'll try with my niggas (Skrrrt)
And I will beat trial with my niggas (I will)
How you gon' eye my niggas? (Why?)
Tell me, how you gon' try my niggas? (What?)
How you goin' back and forth ‘bout my niggas? (Nah)
Yeah, flaws and all, my nigga (Flaws)
You might also like
Flaws and all (Flaws), spell it with my dawgs, yeah
Flaws and all (Hey), even with my paw (Hey), yeah (Woah)
Flaws and all, Versace drawers for your broad, yeah (Yeah, yeah)
Flaws and all, yeah (Sheesh, sheesh)

Rosé goin' right inside the kitchen (Woo)
I might be a lame if I don't pay that ho tuition (Yeah)
I find out like two weeks ago that I was a pimp (Checks)
I don't stack that shit by the four 'cause I'm not a shrimp (Nah)
Hell yeah, bae, I do it (Yeah)
Put that shit on everything, she know I do it (Yeah, yeah)
Fuck that work, I might not do it (Sike!)
Like my daddy or the school, I might listen to it
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)

Tell me how you see the nigga take the spots
And knock a nigga straight off the spots
I mean how the fuck you think you gonna beat the Thugger
Defeat the Thugger, Don’t bleach Young Thugger (Woah)
I mean how the fuck, you’ll need the Thugger (Thugger)
You’ll please the Thugger, you’ll eat the Thugger
No leasing Thugger (What? What?), yeah, no leasing Thugger
The bitch so clean, it's a shame I don't love her
Yeah, never love these bitches
When I ran my money up I started duckin' these bitches
She eat the dick so much, I ain't never seen the bitch in the muhfuckin' kitchen (Yeah)
Baby, I love you, in a house full of grown folks, baby, I love you (Love you)
Swear to God, you my bread and butter (Butter)
You can get my all if the Feds destroy us (Yeah)
I'ma keep my feet in these streets (Yeah)
Like a "D", we can go straight overseas (Yeah)
Put purple in my brain just like a leaf (Yeah)
If the bitch got class, yeah, she can come with me (Yeah)
I ain't gotta tell these hoes, they know I'm prince of the city (Yeah)
I just might pull up with bad bitches and take 'em to the trenches
(Skrrt)
Rosé goin' right inside the kitchen (Woo)
I might be a lame if I don't pay that ho tuition (Yeah)
I find out like two weeks ago that I was a pimp (Checks)
I don't stack that shit by the four 'cause I'm not a shrimp (Nah)
Hell yeah, bae, I do it (Yeah)
Put that shit on everything, she know I do it (Yeah, yeah)
Fuck that work, I might not do it (Sike!)
Like my daddy or the school, I might listen to it
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)

Flaws and all, spell it with my dawgs, yeah
Flaws and all, even with my paw, yeah
Flaws and all, Versace drawers for your broad, yeah
Flaws and all, yeah11Embed