30 ContributorsTuxedo Lyrics
Ayy
Dududuh, dududuh
Skuduskuh
Sos', baby
GBE, baby (Ayy, Young Malcolm)
What the fuck? What the fuck? (Ayy, ayy, huh? Ayy)
What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? (Bang, bang, huh? Bang)
What the fuck? What the fuck? What the fuck? (Gang, gang, huh? Gang)
Bang, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang (Huh?)

ZL1 black and white like a tuxedo (Dudu)
And you know I'm gettin' money like a casino
Hit the dice game with a bunch of money on me
Leave the dice game with a whole lot of fuckin' C notes
Bitch, I ride with the gun in the front seat though (Huh?)
I don't give a fuck, my brother can get fuckin' Nino (Ayy)
And I spend a lot of money like a fuckin' gringo
Bitch, this Louis Lou', but my life Gucci though (Huh?)
We'll put you in the air if you want promo
Said he smokin' dicks, man, I think that nigga homo'
With your bitch, Netflix and chill mean porno
Said hе got smoke, man, I was on tour though

Smokin' on gross, it do the most, finna pour me a nеw pop (Huh? Pop)
Weed so strong, cop a hundred 'bows and the price don't even drop (Huh? Drop)
My shorty killin', so much killin' the opps want us to stop (Huh? Stop)
My trap, it boom, it boom so hard the police say, "Knock, knock" (Huh? They right there now)
I left the spot and met the jeweler, finna cop me a new watch (Huh? Bling)
Extra grill or extra grams, let's get it for scrapin' the pot (Huh? Skrrt)
Trackhawk Jeep a hundred G's, should've seen when I left that lot (Track')
I grab the pint and drop the pint and put it all in one pop (Huh? Dududuh)
I grab the Glock and drop some shells and went and caught a new opp (Bang, huh? Bang)
That's what you get tryna do a hit, sneak dissin' on my block (Bang, huh? Bang)
I left his top topless like one of them blockhead thots (Dududuh, huh? Ayy)
I left it so big in his brain, could've seen what he thought (Skrrt, huh? Bang)
You might also like
She seen my whip, wanna suck my dick, nigga, that ain't my fault (Huh? Huh?)
Wanna suck my dick 'cause she love my swag and she love the way I talk (Huh?)
All my cars ain't nothin' but the dumbest shit I bought (Huh? Bitch)
I spend that shit and get it back, so I buy what I want (Huh?)
ZL1s and Z06s, you know I go fast (Huh?)
Cut us off in traffic, you got foenem on your ass (Huh?)
I get bread, yeah, I get bread, this shit can not go bad (Bitch)
Pussy ran up playin' games, and got his ass toe tagged
I was sixteen pullin' past my school on them fours (Huh? Huh?)
I was trappin', pop out, tryna flex on them hoes (Flexin, flexin, huh?)
My new thot sayin' what my ex sayin' goes (Huh? Bitch)
Can you get a heater, miss? My neck really froze (Huh? Burr)
H-U-R-T, they hate you, I see (Huh? Huh?)
I got my fire on me, put it on repeat (Bang, bang, bang, bang, huh?)
1-800-King-Keef if you want some beef (Huh?)
Gotta quit smokin' weed, I look Japanese (Huh? I look Japanese)
One painting sixty G's, call that masterpiece (Huh? Woo)
Spend money, get money, that's a casualty (Huh? Huh?)
Make my shorties hit blocks and that's casually (Huh? Buh-buh-buh-buh)
And they'll send you up a shot like an Applebee's (Huh?)
Bitch, my house had roaches and mouses (Huh?)
I was scrapin' up the pennies off the couches (Huh?)
I had five different hoes in one house (Huh?)
You talk too much, put five different holes in your mouth (Huh?)
Blow too much dope, I think it's holes in my lungs (Huh?)
You don't wanna be next to the hole in my gun (Huh?)
Boy pull a chopper, put a hole in your gun (Huh?)
Call me Sosa Wood, put a hole up in one
Huh?
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy (Huh?)
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy (Huh?)
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy (Huh?)
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy
Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy (Huh?)Embed