61 ContributorsSet the Tone Lyrics
I don't want to rule or conquer anyone. I should like to help everyone if possible: Jew, Gentile, black man, white. We all want to help one another. Human beings are like that. We want to live by each other's happiness, not by each other's misery. We don't want to hate and despise one another. In this world there’s room for everyone and the good earth is rich, and can provide for everyone. The way of life can be free and beautiful, but we have lost the way. Greed has poisoned men's souls...
"Sinatra" "Sinatra shot ya, goddamn you"
"Is this what you want?" "Logic"
"You are watching a master at work"
"You have interfered with our affairs for the last time"

Many men wish to acquire fame for the wrong reasons
Fans telling me never change, but it's hard to fight the seasons
They hear me on the radio and now they yelling "Treason"
'Cause Logic givin' 'em mainstream verses like Ephesians
But I never sacrificed my lyrics or my flow
There's a time and place for everything, so what the fuck you yelling for?
The fame hit me quicker than previously determined
RattPack, real all the time, fuck a vermin
Motivated by money, sex, drugs and violence
'Cause the era that we living in was built up on defiance
What we need is alliance, but y'all don't really hear me though
So, hip-hop's a chariot and Logic's finna carry it
Stallion, coming for their necks like a medallion
Straight out of Sierra Leone
Motherfuckers it's on, I'm under your skin like cortisone
Ninty-nine percent of these motherfuckers is bullshit ("Sinatra")
But I'm on that Bull shit: Michael Jordan
Cutting records after the show in my hotel while I'm touring
Yeah, and I ain't even twenty-three
But my bank account can vouch, I'm ballin' like an M.V.P
Yes, it's me, L.O.G.I.C, I'm repping MD
Now what the fuck is a vacation? I see no satisfaction
I work twelve hours a day every day with no distraction
Seven days a week, and twelve hours, that's a lazy day
Going seventy-four hours with no sleep, call that a crazy day
"As you can see, my Jedi powers are far beyond yours"
This is Manhunt, and I ain't stopping till y'all apprehended
Many years I have attended and finally been commended
For keeping it real, so finger fuck whoever I've offended
Now pull out the MAC and watch them freeze like PC's
I'm Celsius, never graduated, so fuck degrees
I educate 'em with ease, however listener please
Don't knock that last line, school it just wasn't for me
We all different and I'm here to make a killing
So say hello to the villain, 'cause in this day that we livin' in
The nice guys finish last
I'm blowing up, guess you could say I'm having a blast
You might also like
"Sinatra shot ya, goddamn you"
"You are watching a master at work"
"Is this what you want?"10Embed