2 ContributorsOn Mind Control Lyrics
Yo
I just want to talk about mind control.
You know, when people try to influence you through social media, and try to tell you what to do
Or if you post something that’s like positive on Instagram and gets taken down, if it’s not part of a bigger agenda, you know that’s like, mind control.
That’s the echo chamber, that’s tryna control you based off of incentivising you, and based off you getting enough likes. And that’s the poison that’s happening with social media.
And, you know for me, you know I just got back my IQ scores and they were Mensta level. One thirty three, Ninety eighth percentile.
Like straight up Sigmund Froy, Tеsla vibes.
And the worst thing, the way I feel likе.
I feel like when people try to tell me what to do. I feel like they’re touching my brain.
Like, for a woman, she doesn’t want nobody to— She wants to be in control of her body and choose who she wants to give it to.
And no one can come up and touch it, or, or take it, or tell her what to do with it, it’s up to her what she does with it. So I feel like that— with uh, my mind, like it’s all these people, black people...
Like, people on social media. People tryna control us and say that we’ll make us monolithic thought and then tryna control our mind. They’re tryna control my mind.
And then when someone tries to tell me what to do, tries to tell me what I can wear, and not wear.. I feel like they’re touching my brain. Imagine you like, cut your like skull open, and somebody like touched your brain, touch your brain with their hand, how that would hurt you.
That’s how it hurts me when people try to tell me what to do. When I’m going for my heart.
And like, you know, try to tell me what to say, this ain’t program, or try to tell me I'm not talking clear enough,
Like I don’t— clear— I say we doin- like I’ve- I’ve forgotten… How to talk not clear. Cause I’m so programmed to talk clear, to sound so proper, that gets in the way of how we really feel.
You know, we think so much.
You know you gotta just question like, when people get on TV shows, and, you know... Who are they doing business with?
What’re they connected to? What’s they agenda?
That people holding other people down, they want y'all all to be.. You know, just mind control!
It’s like a modern day psychological, like, and ran control thing, you know I just talked Jack tonight before I got Jack Dorsey, before I got— And he said that: “They’re working for the next 4 months on reprogramming to allow people to take off the followers” and allow people to take off the, you know, take off the likes because that, that works against your self worth.
You know, the beauty you have is inside you. It’s not based off how many records you sell, It’s not based on how nice your car is, like, one of the things they do, like soon as you get money.
They make you buy a house, like I got this house.. It’s never finished. Like, the house is just never finished. It’s just costing money after money, after money. It's like this big plot.
And like, yo, I’m really doing this because, like, I went to buy my publishing from Sony ATV
And they said it's like eight million, nine million dollars.
And when I went to buy it, they told me “No” I couldn’t buy my publishing, they told me I have the money to buy my publishing.
And they told me that “I couldn’t buy my publishing”
And, it’s just- it’s like the control, like I can’t say what I wanna say on SNL, that I can’t say what I wanna say— the things is
Let me change that, I will positive— Positive energy into the universe, we will say what we feel. Not what we’re programmed to think.
We will say what we feel. We will do what we feel.
We will do what we feel. We will do what we feel.
We will say what we feel. We will say—You see? I did that as a montra. I did it multiple times, and then you’ll get like—Man, I’m not worried about—I’m not worried about any type of blog, or, social media. Y'all already saw it was a lie.
Social media told you that Hillary’s gonna win, and she didn’t win. Social media told you that people didn’t like me, but everybody loves me! Everybody loves Ye!
But if you read social media, it makes you think something different. Unprogram your minds, open up your heart, Let the spirit guide you. Let your conscious be free. We free, we free bro!
Like, yeah, just positive energy. I’m saying this, I’m in Africa recording, you see we just took him to the future with the dome
The music is the best on the planet. I am the best, living, recording artist.
We, rather, because the spirits flow through me.
The spirit of Felah, the spirit of Marley, the spirit of Pac, flows through me.
We know who the best, we know. So don’t get it gassed up when you hear too much other stuff on the radio, that’s programmed that apart of a system.
It’s all apart of a system to control your mind. To control my mind. To make me look like I’m crazy to you—I’m not crazy.
I can ramp up if I suffer from sleep deprivation, I’m about to get some sleep.
You know I’m sayin’ like, a lot of people we’re trying to get off social media, get off Instagram, to not express myself.
We are creative individuals, we work from our heart. And our spirit, we’re not corny.
We work from our heart, and our spirit, we're not corny. We work from our heart, and our spirit, we're not corny.
It be corny people that control, to strategize, too planned out, too much of an agenda, too much of a angle on everything, we don’t have to do that.
Refresh, I got rid of my laptop. I had references there, I love—I don’t need references, the spirit will give me new ideas.
Ideas are in the air, we don’t own them, we are just merely a vessel. We’re here to do God's work.
We’re merely a vessel, and when you feel great art, that's the universe. And I have to be open, and free to do that.
And If I let human beings and people, humans rather, and people tell me what to do, tell me what I can’t do, then I can’t be a vessel to you. The reason why Pac did what he did cause he was a vessel.
He is, his energy never dies.
Bob Marley, vessel.
Felah, vessel. Ye, vessel.
Sony ATV told me I couldn’t buy my publishing—I got the money.
So Big John, Martey, whoever’s involved, I need my publishing.
I got the money, I’m not gonna say the S word. I’m not Prince, I don’t need to write it on my face.
Yeah, this is the transition. We free, our minds are free. Clear your mind.Embed