34 ContributorsKeep Off the Lawn Lyrics
Good evening
All right
Yeah
Happy to be breathing
Yeah
I am alive
Yeah
Yeah

"You look like you've seen a ghost"

Are you asleep? Or are you
Are you awake? Nah, man, I'm done
I'm showered, I'm everything
Ate some fuckin' Lucky Charms
Let's go

Most copious, rains soaked the opiates
Notice how the phobias appropriately procreate
Woke up with a ghost farm, focused on his groceries
When they aren't telling stories, they are multiplying grossly
On the lawn, let 'em loiter, never let 'em spawn
The apparitions have been drinking his water for too long
So when they gathered by the birdbath in the morning, he would tell 'em
"I mean no disrespect but you have all outstayed your welcome"
Interesting in a sense
Interrupt commiserating phantoms on your picket fence
How quickly they will lift their heads
And breathe an ultimatum like the dead don't argue
Said, "You're living by the bayonet (but how alive are you?)"
Shit, A is all juice and bad etiquette
Elbows on the table, lobster bibbin' on the ready set
He said, "But how alive?", I dunno, homie, you decide
(No, you decide) Fine! How alive? Too alive
(How alive?) Too alive (How alive?) Too alive
And one by one around the yard 'til each one felt communal pride
Like they had done their little part in cleaning up the public
With a steaming plate of justice for them Easy Baker stomachs (Say what?)
We the legends that hunt with the unremembered
Geriatric lore in the clutch of the budding censor
Who snuck around the art police and all related governments
To infiltrate a human lung and hike up off his tongue and lip
Ahh, money's in the market for a mothership
To double as a vessel that drag his legacy under it
And who am I to hang him out to dry by the heat
When, if rehydrating fails, we're all dumber because of me?
Zombies of the antiquated nation chatter quietly
The "Too alive" channel from the library of rivalry
And summers in the mud (Mud), winters by the tracks (Tracks)
No story goes untold, Aes is back
You might also likeI got a handful rockin' the same poker-face
Down to dance around the table like they own the place

"You look like you've seen a ghost"
I got the whole world thinkin' it's a holiday
'Cause they can smell the chum in the water from miles away

"You look like you've seen a ghost"
(How alive?) Too alive
(How alive?) Too alive
(How alive?) Too alive
(How alive?) Too alive
(How alive?) Too alive
(How alive?) Too alive
(How alive?) Too alive
(How alive?) Too alive2Embed