23 ContributorsComplicated Lyrics
Yeah!
You see a nigga soft? My first instinct is to lean on him! (lean on him...)
A weak nigga eatin' in my hood? Niggas'll put a beam on 'em! (beam on him...)
These niggas ain't s'pposed to be eatin', yo! They sweet as Sweet'N Low
I'll have 'em like shit was all good just a week ago. ("Lights oooooooon! ")

Let these fake niggas get you in the mood for love
I'm back to get you in the mood for the Snub and gloves
Dope fiend, morphine, cocaine dilemma;
Crack come to cookin' up that; boy, I'm a chemist!
Fuck pill poppin'; a strap, I pop that!
Watch the Henchman trial, see a rat rat on a rat!
You got a nice gimmick goin', you've been hot a few summers
But I got the kinda flow that could stop World hunger
SK, I got nothing but energy (energy!)
Call me Fifty, call me "Ferrari the Remedy" (Remedy!)
"Hi" again in case a hater don't remember me
I happen to be what these rap niggas here pretend to be
Hittin' you won't be enough, you gotta finish me
Or it's Ruger time, the SR-9
Fragments ricochet and ya ass go blind
Times up, ya fucked! Gotta learn to duck, whassup?

Don't make me, don't make me
Don't make me... seem so complicated
Don't make me, don't make me
Don't make me
Show you wassup, don't make me fuck you up!
You might also like
Listen, every bitch on the milk box ain't missin'
I mean some of these hoes runnin' round with pimpin'
I'm writin' reality, it sounds harsh;
Shyne tried to get at me, he say I'm washed!
I ain't even fire back, the shit's squashed
What kind of shit is that? This only happens in rap
These niggas so fake, it make my skin crawl
Hope I ain't the last real nigga up over the wall
Ice chunks in the chain, waves spinnin'
Cream linen, bulges from the Benjamin's in 'em!
Tom Ford? - Oh, Looord!
If I ain't know better, I'd think a nigga pushed raw
It feels like it's never gon' stop
A nigga so hot, I may spend forever on top!
"Forever, ever"? Forever in the drop
You can't tell I got it on lock? Bitch!

Don't make me, don't make me
Don't make me... seem so complicated
Don't make me, don't make me
Don't make me
Show you wassup, don't make me fuck you up!1Embed