39 Contributors500 Days of Summer Lyrics
I did it today, I made myself say
And I take back my tears, my sight, my love
No more does your magic work, on my heart
No more will your words ever tear me apart
I know now for certain, nothing's burning anymore
 Days of Summer]
"I love her smile, I love her hair, I love her teeth. I love this heart-shaped birthmark she has on her neck. I love the way she sometimes, licks her lips before she talks. I love the sound of her laugh."

I can feel it now, it's coming soon
It is my world, my sun and moon
Once upon a time, this world was love
But now I know this is everything that I've dreamed of
So take it slow, speed it up
Every time I see you I just want to beat it up
Maybe not, but that's a lie
C'mon baby girl, there ain't no need to cry
Just let me go or let me know
Why the hell you wanna stick around fo'
Arms length, that's all you do
Don't get too close, that is the rule
I remember when I met her back in high school
Science class, sitting on the stool
Now I'm feeling—feeling like a fool
'Cause I cut that tie months ago, this girl is cruel
Or maybe not, just very lovely
No matter what she says I know she still loves me
So can I love?—I've already asked
Who would've known matters of the heart
Would be such a task?
You might also like Days of Summer]
"I hate summer, I hate her crooked teeth. I hate her 1960s haircut. I hate her knobby knees. I hate her cockroach-shaped splotch on her neck. I hate the way she smacks her lips before she talks. And I hate the way she sounds when she laughs."

She used to be my girl
But now she just a girl I'm fucking
She used to mean the world to me
But now that world is nothing
I would've put a ring on that finger but I couldn't afford it
So I laced it with ribbon, she adored it
Sometimes I wonder if she thinks of me
But my mind tells me to focus on work so instinctively
How could the pussy be that good?
'Cause my feelings involved
'Til my shorty evolved and her feelings dissolved
But that's what happens when you find them young
Treat them like royalty, and they will run
Searching the world for perfect love and realize you're the one
But they fucked up cause now that shit is done
This is a letter to the woman of my dreams
Love what she brings
So listen baby girl cause everything ain't what it seems
You either know me now or I'mma meet you after fame
But one thing's for sure, your life will never be the same
'Cause you're gonna be my wife and my mistress
So understand now I can't be there for every Christmas
I love you more than anything, but I could never risk this
On stage living life, while you're forced to miss this14Embed