4 ContributorsShame On A Nuh Lyrics
Yo this the O.D.B, Kid
New radio version for ya called Shame On A Nuh
So everybody,..a jump on it

Shame on a Nuh! who try to run game on a nuh
Wu buck wild with the trigger!
Shame on a nuh who try to run game on a nuh
Wu buck- uhh uhh uhh

Yo, hut one, hut two, hut three, hut!
Ol' Dirty Bastard, live and uncut
Styles unbreakable, shatterproof
To the young youth, ya wanna get gun? Shoot?
BLAOW! How you like me now? Don't front the style
Ruthless wild!
Do ya wanna getcha teeth knocked on out?
Wanna get on it like that? Well, then shout!

Yo RZA, yo razor, hit me with the major
The damage, my clan understand it, be flavor
Gunnin', hummin', comin' at ya
First I'm gonna get ya, once I got ya, I gat ya
You could never capture the Method Man's stature
For rhyme and for rapture, got .... resignin', now master
My style? Never!
Never! I put the ... buck in the wild, kid, I'm terror, razor-sharp
I sever, the head from the shoulders, I'm better than my competta
You mean competitor, whatever, let's get together
You might also like
Shame on a nuh who try to run game on a nuh
Wu come wild with the tri-BLAOW!

I react so thick, I'm phat, and yo
Rae came blowin' and blew off your headphones, black
Rap from, yo, Cali to Texas
Smoother than a Lexus, now's my turn to wreck this
Brothers approach and half step
But ain't heard half of it yet and I bet you're not a WHAT! vet!
So, when you see me on the real
Formin' like Voltron, remember I got deep like a Navy Seal

Shame on a nuh who try to run game on a nuh
Wu buck wild with the trigger!
Shame on a nuh who try to run game on a nuh
I'll said get out!

Yo! I come with that ol' loco style from my vocal
Couldn't peep it with a pair of bifocals
I'm no joker, play me as a joker
Be on you like a house on fire, smoke ya
Crews be actin' like they gangs, anyway
Be like, "Warriors, come out and play!"
Burn me, I gettin it on,  I let it out like diarrhea
Got burnt once but that was only gonorrhea
Dirty, I keeps the nuff stains my drawers
So I can get fizza-funky for ya
Murder, taste the flame of the Wu-Tang
Rah! Here comes the Tiger vs. Crane
I'll be like wild with my style
Punk, you play me, chump, you get jumped
Wu is comin' through at a theater near you
And get funk like a shoe, what?Embed