63 ContributorsNever Had It Lyrics
(Wheezy Beats)
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
Yeah
YSL, uh

Pussy niggas actin' like they never had shit
All these bitches actin' like they never had shit
I got a bad bitch, she said she always had shit
All these flawless diamonds, got it lookin' glassy
Catch that nigga slippin', I'ma do 'em nasty
Check out my attire, this expensive fabric
And we can wrestle just like Randy Savage
My jewelry as cold as an attic
The kushy that I smoke'll blow your lungs out
I'ma walk in, I clutch it like it's a war house
All your bitches that bust it, they live in your house
What goes up come down, my nigga, north, south
I done ran up them M's without a tour now
She done stepped up her game, Christian couture now
These niggas thought that they knew it, but they don't know now
I swear to God they pursuin' at all my shows now
You might also like
Ayy, hopped out my 'Vette and hopped right in a foreign, ayy (Skrrt)
Bitch, don't get close, this a motherfuckin' warning, ayy (Warnin' you)
Suck that dick good, I'm the motherfuckin' warden, ayy (Suck it up, suck it up)
She runnin' away from my weed like it farted (Woah, woah, woah)
She don't wan' swallow, so I put it on her neck (What?)
I beat that pussy up, she loud as a parade (Bitch)
I got one million, but only ten in the bank (Racks)
I taste a sample, I only buy if it's dank (Kushy)
I cook fishscale and sang to her same time like Tank (What?)
I was born in '91, twenty-three years old with a whole lotta stain (Five-star motherfucker)
Baby, can you feel my pain? (Yeah)
All my diamonds need to be drained (What?)
I got a gangster bitch that's gon' bang (And)
I got racks up, I can't complain (And)
All my dogs, they dirty, check for mange  (And)
All I gotta do is reserve your brains (And)
I'm a gangster, my nuts, they gon' hang (And)
Who said you was straight? Boy, you need to be retained (Oh, woah, woah, ayy)

Pussy niggas actin' like they never had shit (Ayy)
All these bitches actin' like they never had shit (Yup)
I got a bad bitch, she said she always had shit (What?)
All these flawless diamonds, got it lookin' glassy (What? Damn)
Catch that nigga slippin', I'ma do 'em nasty (What? Ayy)
Check out my attire, this expensive fabric (Ayy, ayy)
And we can wrestle just like Randy Savage (Ooh, ayy)
My jewelry as cold as an attic
The kushy that I smoke'll blow your lungs out (Yup)
I'ma walk in, I clutch it like it's a war house (Haha, what?)
All your bitches that bust it, they live in your house (What?)
What goes up come down, my nigga, north, south (What?)
I done ran up them M's without a tour now (Run it up)
She done stepped up her game, Christian couture now (Uh-huh, what? Haha)
These niggas thought that they knew it, but they don't know now (It's Dolph)
I swear to God they pursuin' at all my shows now (Thugger Thugger, ayy)
Took the Rollie off, put that Breitling back on (Yup)
Walk in the room and I cut the lights on
Why you spendin' like that? 'Cause I ain't never had shit
This that real nigga Paper Route, YSL shit
Never loved a bitch, but I love money (Damn)
In the church payin' my tithes with drug money (Thank you, God)
Went and got a new plug, got mama a new house (Ayy, ayy, ayy)
And a couple new coupes, that's how a young nigga live
Couple bitches, good weed, that's how a nigga chill
Top floor, penthouse, still crackin' seals (Mud)
Them Houston niggas be like, "That young nigga trill"
Them New York niggas say that young nigga ill (It's Dolph)
My mama always told me dress to kill, ayy (Hah)
My uncle always told me pack the steel, ayy (What?)
That nigga Thugger, that's my motherfuckin' brother (Yup, yup)
From a motherfuckin' 'nother, I'ma show you how to make magic (Ayy)
The fuck is you mad at?
Got your bitch dancin' all in my spot with no panties
I said, "Bitch where your motherfuckin' man at?" (Where he at?)
Fuck that, where your friends at? Damn that (Fuck 'em)
Sold fifty P's, hold it, have to bag it (Ooh-ooh)
That little bitch you lovin' on, I been had it (Ayy, hahaha)
Pull up in that new drop, that thang nasty (Ayy, ayy, hey)
Mama call all my big booty bitches trashy (Damn)
Pussy niggas actin' like they never had shit
All these bitches actin' like they never had shit
I got a bad bitch, she said she always had shit
All these flawless diamonds, got it lookin' glassy
Catch that nigga slippin', I'ma do 'em nasty
Check out my attire, this expensive fabric
And we can wrestle just like Randy Savage
My jewelry as cold as an attic
The kushy that I smoke'll blow your lungs out
I'ma walk in, I clutch it like it's a war house
All your bitches that bust it, they live in your house
What goes up come down, my nigga, north, south
I done ran up them M's without a tour now
She done stepped up her game, Christian couture now
These niggas thought that they knew it, but they don't know now
I swear to God they pursuin' at all my shows now38Embed