18 ContributorsAquababe Lyrics
We gon' do something
That yo've never heard before!

These public pool bitches ain't really mermaids
Private beach Malibu, nigga! Weave up in the shade
How do you? Hardly figure, that you that other wave?
She party pretty, she party plenty, it's like everyday
Documentary, will film the picture, it’s a fantasea
Get another, pitcher - liquor, off that tanqueray
Okay, celebrate, let's celebrate
That aquababe, sashay, boulevard, runway
Bitches, witness bitches, they've been afraid
These nigga's bitches be bitches
They smellin' of fish and eggs!
She sell the bigger, the bigger
Difference gave it all away
Seashells on my two ta-tashies
See she got it up on display, hooray!

We knockin', got it poppin' like a parade
Your opinion is just a option, fucker what you say?
I'm looking like, I look right, niggas look-a-ways
I pop 'em, clap 'em, cock 'em, blam 'em
Let the choppa spray
The brolic Madame, the chunky, clunky 3-8
Trust me you don't want that rusty, rowdy piper, okay?
Okay, okay, huh?
(Okay, okay, huh?)
(Okay, okay, huh?)
(Huh? Huh? Huh?)
You might also like
Cinnamon, gentlemen want that kind of taste
I be killin' 'em, killin' 'em like murder everyday
When Azealia, the AB, is on display
I hit you, split you, lift you, dip you
Get up out the way
The niggas is swank, my bitches is stank
All these chickens out for dollars
All they get is the franks
The linens is blank, the middle is pink
He gon' put that snorkel on, we gon' dip in the tank
I'm focused, I floated out the bluest ocean
To splash on your set, honey, get the ships in motion
Bitches seasick, these bitches be opposing
Bitches see me, yes, these bitches be all open
You don't want it, no you don't really want it
I'm drownin' all on my haters and surfin' in the moment
Swimming in all this paper
Backstrokin' hundreds
Swimming in all this paper
Backstrokin' hundreds

The chitter-chatter don't really matter, you silly rabbit
That could get'cha, g-get'cha, get'cha, your carrot splattered
On linen fabrics, I'm diving backwards and livin' lavish
Aqua-fancy, she get it, splash it then dip it back in
Ha, ha3Embed