2 ContributorsHeart & Soul Lyrics
La la la
Ooh Ooh Ooh
Come on baby baby
Bring it on baby
Bring it on come on

Do you remember me? Cause things are changed
You might not recognize who you're seeing
Most of your life I was invisible but physical
Seeing all your good days and days unliveable
I had a writable upon a steel water mask
Do you witness me like the grades of your past
Far through troubles too hard for your ass
Shout at egos entertain the stain glass
Now you see real clear real fast
Gotta catch up to a world that keep spinning
Tryna set my gears on non sinning
One true step is the beginning before the ending
There's no pretending for the winners now
Hold it up, see I be like all up in the shit and never folded up
See this one's from the heart
See you gotta play your cards right before you even start. It go...

From the soul. That's what it's all about
Heart and soul. Let your spirit out
Take control. Everything about you
Will lets go. That's without a doubt
You might also like
Back to attack here I come with the vengeance
So start up your engines like Mario Andretti
Niggas ain't ready for style that I kick
Cause I hold the mic steady and come with the style that sick than Illmatic
With the phat flow that's automatic
For me to blow up as I throw up the West coast
W you in trouble fool
If you fuck around with the lyrical imperial
Like miracle with on your sandwich
Yes I add flavor like Jeru, yo I do damage
That is some shit I kicked off the top
But I flipped the phat flows and I will not stop or won't quit
The lyrical rap riff roff and shit like a bird
I put the best style your shit absurd or insane
When I'm coming off the brain
I got the funky flow most MC's can't hang
Uhh...

From the soul. That's what it's all about
Heart and soul. Let your spirit out
Take control. Everything about you
Will lets go. That's without a doubt

Where you from
From the boroughs of Altadina, that's right between the
Mountains in Pasadena, that's my arena
I call it home, I had no need to chrome
I'm trying to get my shit tight so I stayed to my own
Then I met negativity. The kids we held ants
But we had the real plan
I had to let it go just like my man Teddy
I chose athletics and try to hit my books heavy
To coexist in this colonialist society
Discovering scenes that be live shitty and bribery
Plus killing is savagery swallows up the average G
Back in inner tension that is the invention of stress
And seems to be it's best kept secret
But it can't keep Brown down cause I'm not weak kid
And check it out, check it out
From the soul. That's what it's all about
Heart and soul. Let your spirit out
Take control. Everything about you
Will lets go. That's without a doubt

Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
Only fools think slow and whack niggas can't flow
So I step to the mic tight hype with a tight blunt in
My mind again bonding find the hype line
And I'm able to hold the cables able but I
First meditate so I can elevate
Those that perpetrate and try to penetrate
And try to infiltrate but I see em
And when I bomb em, I wouldn't wanna be em
Yeah, yeah. You know what time is it
Pharcyde is the crew and we running shit, ripping shit
Like a piece of paper
And you know that money making is the caper

From the soul. That's what it's all about
Heart and soul. Let your spirit out
Take control. Everything about you
Will lets go. That's without a doubt
From the soul. That's what it's all about
Heart and soul. Let your spirit out
Take control. Everything about you
Will lets go. That's without a doubt2Embed