80 ContributorsPennyroyal Lyrics
Yeah... another love song gone wrong
Should've known you were a.. woo! like Based God in Wonton
But I didn't, and I ain't even trippin'
Another foul ball, but I'm still glad I hit it
'Cause a lot of niggas didn't, you know?
The coulda-shoulda type like, "Oh! It was slight too tight, come on!
I would've piped, but our schedules contradicted, we're always tied down"
Ay, pipe down! The first night, ya boy laid the pipe down
Took off the night gown and pulled out the slinky
She screamed, "Joey, spank me!", and after that she even thanked me
Swanky, one time for my nigga Dymes
Lord knows we be kickin' rhymes 'til the end of time
But.. back to the topic — oh yeah, I'm pissed off
And still tripped off and wonderin' why shorty dipped off
I ain't gonna front — a nigga do miss her lip gloss
Now she sucks the next nigga dick off, and my dick's soft
So tell me what the fuck I'm 'posed to do?
And you know it ain't too easy gettin' over you
I sent them postcards so you know it's true
I promised that I wouldn't get emotional
And I'm not, so stop it!
Why you front like you don't miss my whole cockpit down yo' esophagus?
Screamin', "Daddy, stop it!", rippin' out your tracks
Chipped nail polish in the scratches on my back
Like, did you forget about the time we had the sticky rolled?
And I tried to suck your titty hole for milk for my Cheerios?
Did you forget about the video when you first came?
I hit that spot twice and since then, you haven't been the same
But now I heard you fuckin' with some new man
Can't remember his name, but my first impression — "What a lame"
Lorraine said she seen him at a bowling lane
Walkin' out the bathroom kinda strange with his shoulder stained
Faggot, six months and I'm still at it
You'll probably never hear this track, but I still wrapped it
I guess I'm still attracted to you bein' here
I swear, I can't imagine you would not even care
Whole thing played out like magic, and it’s kinda weird
It's like I did a trick and you won't reappear
It ain't fair, I need you back, sometimes I get scared
But I'm a player, ain't gonna let you see my tears
You might also like
'Cause I'm a player, ain't gonna let you see my tears
'Cause I'm a player, ain't gonna let you see my tears
'Cause I'm a player, ain't gonna let you see my tears
'Cause I'm a player...

I couldn't see it comin' down my eyes
So I had to make the song cry
I couldn't see it comin' down my eyes
So I gotta to make the song cry
I couldn't see it comin' down my eyes
So I had to make the song cry
I couldn't see it comin' down my eye
So I gotta to make the song cry, yeah27Embed