23 ContributorsTranslationsVince Staples - ROSE STREET (Traducción al Español)ROSE STREET Lyrics
Yeah, I don't sing no love songs, no
Ain't never sang no love songs, no
Yeah, ayy

Baby, how you got that little bitch gettin' you mad?
Got some shit you gotta deal with, pimp in my past
Hate the bitch who hit the killswitch when it get bad
Figure skating, takin' field trips, flippin' them racks
On the back street, ten times ten on the dash
All gas, no brakes 'cause I'm livin' like that
Came up out of every case with my Crippin' intact
She be lying to my face so I hit from the back
Let a real nigga know if you a housewife or a ho
Picked the blacker berry, I ain't dealing with the snow
We ain't gettin' married, girl, I'm gettin' to the dough
R.P. G-O (Yeah) yeah

She said she in love, what's that?
Trust, what's that?
Us, what's that? Yeah (You know the deal)
I'm married to the gang, don't be playing games (Yeah)
Only bringing flowers to the homie's grave (To the homies' graves, yeah)
She said she in love, what's that? (Love)
Trust, what's that (Love)? Us, what's that? Yeah (Yeah)
I'm married to the money, don't be playing games (It's 'bout the money)
Only bringing flowers to the homie's grave (What's that, yeah?)
You might also like
Red Ferrari seats, all my homies bled out on these streets
Makeup on my sheets, make up sex stress, hope she leaves
Reaching for my keys, she like, "Where you going? Stay with me"
Hate to see her beg, she don't want me dead
Posted on the block, when it's war, ain't no warning shots
Bullet hit his top, all his homies ran, his body dropped
You can't have my heart but I promise you'll be in my thoughts
We don't go on dates unless I bring what keep me safe
I promise you you don't gotta stress, it's gon' be okay, yeah
Okay I'm lying, living day by day
Just don't waste my time, is you here to stay?
Don't pay attention to the shit you hear 'em say, man
Can't press rewind, life is like the movies, baby
Pray you don't use me, baby, pray they don't shoot me, baby
Only way you'll lose me, I been feeling loopy lately
I keep it on me, I don't use the safety, nah (Nah)

She said she in love, what's that?
Trust, what's that? Us, what's that? Yeah (You know the deal)
I'm married to the gang, don't be playing games (Yeah)
Only bringing flowers to the homie's grave (To the homies' graves, yeah)
She said she in love, what's that? (Love)
Trust, what's that? (Love) Us, what's that? Yeah (Yeah)
I'm married to the money (Yeah), don't be playing games (It's 'bout the money)
Only bringing flowers to the homie's grave (What's that?, yeah)
What's that? (Dead homies)
What's that? (Dead homies)
(Ayy, ayy, I need y'all to turn this up real quick)
What's that? (Yeah, yeah)
What's that? (Yeah, yeah)
I'm only bringing flowers to the homies' graves
Yeah
I don't sing no love songs, no
I never sang no love songs, no
Long Beach Flowers, what you want?8Embed