7 ContributorsProblem Lyrics
The streets told me there was a problem
If there's a problem you got to say my name nigga
You know where I be at
I'm all over the place like dog shit
Matter umma help you out
Umma get young to help about it
Umma hit him up on twitter @therealestalive
You wanna get that cannon the go ahead and do that

You niggas thought I was gone , just gonna go away
Want me gone like the wind and just blow away
Want me to hang up my mic and put the blow away
Well I refuse to let them treat me like a throw a way
Remember times nigga I was doing four a day
Same nigga four times made me 80k
Now I'm feeling like the shit, took me two showers
Now I got to count this shit took me 2 hours
4 12s" in the back that my favorite drum
Black Chevelle, white stripes looking like a skunk
Black soles white stripes that's my favorite dunks
40 cal stainless steel match my favorite pump

You got a problem on your hands
Roley with the big bezel I got a problem on my hands
Is there a problem on the set ?
Don't know that boy problem ? he got a problem on his neck
You got a problem with me bitches, I see how you looking you got a problem with my clique ?
Is there a problem in this bitch ?
Long as you niggas know there be some problems in this bitch
You might also like
You niggas planning my funeral and I ain't dead yet
Want me to pick out my cell and I ain't fed yet
Heard its over for the boy, I even read that
It ain't over till I say and it ain't say that
What the fuck is a hustle if you don't sweat
Whats good is da workout if you don't stretch
Whats the sense of having muscle if you don't flex
And everyday its something new im﻿ thinking whats next
And when it rains it pours ya niggas get wet
And when he shoots, he scores got niggas upset
Niggas want me to lose I think the cards fixed
Tryna make it rough on your dawg I think the yard fixed

You got a problem on your hands
Roley with the big bezel i got a problem on my hands
Is there a problem on the set ?
Don't know that boy problem ? he got a problem on his neck
You got a problem with me bitches, I see how you looking you got a problem with my clique ?
Is there a problem in this bitch ?
Long as you niggas know there be some problems in this bitch

Ya got a problem in the booth , fuck around with young I leave a problem in the booth
You damn right got no problem getting loose, don't know you niggas problem
You got a problem with the truth, cuz I'm a problem in the coupe
Gotta call tech support I'm having problems with my roof
Roger that, that your problem wheres your roof
And plus I think the white got a problem with my tooth
All day back forth Bruce Whiter, all day black K's al-Qaeda
These want me to bail, I ain't bail yet
These niggas want me to fail, I ain't fail yet
You got a problem on your hands
Roley with the big bezel i got a problem on my hands
Is there a problem on the set ?
Don't know that boy problem ? he got a problem on his neck
You got a problem with me bitches, I see how you looking you got a problem with my clique ?
Is there a problem in this bitch ?
Long as you niggas know there be some problems in this bitchEmbed