58 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolРусскийYoung Harleezy Lyrics
Young Harleezy, y'all grew up shooting RPG's
I was in seventh grade selling hard CD's (That's true)
I was on stage, talent show, heart beating
Now I make it sound like I write the bars easy
But I'm ten years in, it took me eight to start eating (Uh-huh)
Six to start drinking, nine to give it up
Now the bottles in my section mark Fiji
And it's hard to find some girls that aren't freaky (Mmm-hmm)
The pressure keeps building but luckily, I'm built for it (Tough)
Tryna turn these money trees to a lil' forest
It used to feel forced, now I got the feel for it
I know you wanna see me, but I'm still touring (Ah)
Used to be on Norris back when Twiggy was in chorus
Rocking 990's, not Jordans
You can find my namе besides "Smooth" in the thеsaurus
I don't drink Tequila, but for you I still pour—

Oh, that's pimpin' right there
Ooh-wee
Droppin' leaves, drippin' honey on butterflies
Imagine that
Ayy, Jack, I mean, Mack, 'cause Jack is the Mack, and he's back, believe that

Ayy, this can't just be luck
It's a reason all this shit be goin' how it does
I ain't tryna hear about the past and what it was
I don't care who lookin', get you passion in the club
Who out here is passionate as us?
I'm the one they trust, we the ones that's makin' a big fuss
New school shit, I give you money for the bus and a letter grade too, I'm thinkin' C+
And as for us, big A-listers
Pull up in that big shit, you know, the paint drippers
I got a baddie and another baddie came with her
It must be somethin' goin' on that's got my name slicker
'Cause it's rollin' off the tongue (Tongue)
Summertime got these girls sprung
There was a time I wasn't the one
But now that shit's done, word to Nicki, all I got is sons
So come around and you could get somethin', for fun
You might also like
Am I fancy enough? Am I dancing enough? (Ah)
Am I handsome enough? (Yes) Tell me right now, so I can be enough
It can't just be us, sure enough, someone else sees what's what
I just wanna take you overseas, what's up?
I just wanna tell you it could be just us
Am I fancy enough? Am I dancing enough? (Ah)
Am I handsome enough? Tell me right now, so I can be en—

I'm goin' back in, Weezy voice
You and me for her is one hell of a easy choice
I ain't know that she was such a freak 'cause she be coy
Trust me, where I'm sittin', I can't even see these boys
I ain't like that CD boy, you better eat them Wheaties boy
This is not Vanilla Ice or Beastie Boys
So much bread in my account, that shit is yeasty, boy
Snowbunnies for my dawgs, Happy Easter, boys
Said your boyfriend's a fan? Nice to meet you, boy
She a vegan, but she still try and eat ya' boy
There comes a time where I reach a point where I gotta make a point
Please understand I could take your joint (Ah)
Heartthrob lifestyle, I could not fake it
Top spot in my sights, might gotta take it
How can I pretend like this life is not amazin'?
Trust me, it's amazin', I can't believe I used to be debatin'
Am I fancy enough? Am I dancing enough? (Ah)
Am I handsome enough? (Yes) Tell me right now, so I can be enough
It can't just be us, sure enough someone else sees what's what
I just wanna take you overseas, what's up?
I just wanna tell you it could be just us
Am I fancy enough? Am I dancing enough?
Am I handsome enough? Tell me right now, so I can be en—5Embed