354 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishPortuguêsTürkçeSvenskaEspañolThe Art of Peer Pressure Lyrics

Everybody, everybody, everybody
Everybody sit yo bitch-ass down
And listen to this true mothafuckin' story
Told by Kendrick Lamar on Rosecrans, ya bitch

Smokin' on the finest dope, ayy-ayy-ayy-ah
Drank until I can't no mo', ayy-ayy-ayy-ah
Really I'm a sober soul
But I'm with the homies right now
And we ain't askin' for no favors
Rush a nigga quick, then laugh about it later, ayy-ayy-ayy-ah
Really, I'm a peacemaker
But I'm with the homies right now
And Momma used to say (Say, say, say, say)
One day it's gon' burn you out (Woo)
One day it's gon' burn you out, out, out
One day it's gon' burn you out (You, you, you, you, you, you)
One day it's gon' burn you
But I'm with the homies right now

You might also like
Me and my niggas four deep in a white Toyota
A quarter tank of gas, one pistol, an orange soda
Janky stash box when the federales'll roll up
Basketball shorts with the Gonzales Park odor
We on the mission for bad bitches and trouble
I hope the universe love you today
'Cause the energy we bringin' sure to carry away
A flock of positive activists that fill they body with hate
If it's necessary; bumpin' Jeezy first album, lookin' distracted
Speakin' language only we know, you think it's an accent
The windows roll down, all I see is a hand pass it
Hotboxin' like George Foreman grillin' the masses
Of the workin' world; we pulled up on a bunch of workin' girls
And asked them what they workin' with
Look at me, I got the blunt in my mouth
Usually I'm drug-free, but, shit, I'm with the homies
Yeah, nigga, we off a pill and Rémy Red
Come through and bust ya head, nigga!
Me and the homies
Sag all the way to the liquor store
Where my niggas pour up 4 and get twisted some more
Me and the homies
I ride for my mothafuckin' niggas
Hop out, do my stuff, then hop back in
Me and the homies
Matter of fact, I hop out that mothafucka
And be like "doo-doo-doo-doot, doo-doo-doo-doo-doot!”
It's 2:30 and the sun is beamin'
Air conditioner broke and I hear my stomach screamin'
Hungry for anything unhealthy
And if nutrition can help me
I'll tell you to suck my dick, then I'll continue eatin'
We speedin' on the 405, passin' Westchester
You know, the light-skinned girls in all the little dresses
Good Lord, they knew we weren't from 'round there
'Cause every time we down there
We pullin' out the Boost Mobile SIM cards
Bougie bitches with no extensions
Hood niggas with bad intentions, the perfect combination
Before we sparked a conversation
We seen three niggas in colors we didn't like
Then started interrogatin'
I never was a gangbanger, I mean
I never was stranger to the fonk neither, I really doubt it
Rush a nigga quick and then we laugh about it
That's ironic, 'cause I've never been violent
Until I'm with the homies

(Just ridin', just ridin')
Me and the homies
(Bullshittin', actin' a fool)
Me and the homies
(Trippin', really trippin')
Me and the homies
(Just ridin', just ridin', just ridin')
Braggin' 'bout the episode we just had
A shot of Hennessy didn't make me feel that bad
I'm usually a true firm believer of bad karma
Consequences from evil will make your past haunt ya
We tryna conquer the city with disobedience
Quick to turn it up, even if we ain't got the CD in
But Jeezy still playin'
And our attitude is still "nigga, what is you sayin'?"
Pull in front of the house
That we been campin' out for like two months
The sun is goin' down as we take whatever we want

Ayy, ayy, nigga, jackpot, nigga, pop the safe!
Ayy, nigga, I think there's somebody in this room!
Wait, what?!
Nigga, there's somebody in this room!

I hit the back window in search of any Nintendo
DVD's, plasma-screen TV's in the trunk
We made a right, then made a left, then made a right
Then made a left, we was just circlin' life
My mama called: "Hello? What you doin'?" — "Kickin' it."
I shoulda told her I'm probably 'bout to catch my first offense
With the homies
(Police sirens)
But – they made a right, then made a left
Then made a right, then another right
One lucky night with the homies

K. Dot, you faded, hood?
Yeah, we finally got that nigga faded
I think he hit the wrong blunt though
Ooh, which one?
Well, which one he talkin' about?
I was finna hit the one with the shenanigans in it
I pray he ain't hit that
Nah, that nigga straight, he ain't hit that one
Got the shenanigans? Give that nigga the shenanigans!
Nigga, I think we should push back to the city, fo' real doe
Nigga, for what?
What that nigga— what's that Jeezy song say, nigga?
"Last time I checked I was the man on these streets!"
Yeah, yeah, that shit right there
I'm tryna be the nigga in the street
There he go. Man, you don't even know how the shit go
Look, here's the plan, luv
We gon' use the kickback as an alibi, wait 'til the sun go down, roll out, complete the mission, drop K. Dot off at his mama van, at the park
'Cause I know he tryna fuck on Sherane tonight
That's what he's not gon' do
Then we all gon' meet back at the block at about 10:30
That's straight, but we should meet up around 12
I'm tryna fuck on somethin' too
Nigga, sit yo dumb-ass back down!
Nigga, you ain't doin' shit tonight!
Matter of fact, nigga, get in the mothafuckin' car!
We finna get active!
211Embed