14 ContributorsMrs. Davis Lyrics
30 on me, I'ma cut a fool
I don't wait on IG, I check a motherfucker
30, you a fool for this motherfucker
Huh, brr
Guwop, yeah, go

Happy wife, happy life, I took my own advice (Huh?)
I think about my wife and all that she had to sacrifice (Yeah)
Real humble beginnings, now our life different
My bitch worth a half a billi', yeah, my wife different (Well, damn)
So I ain't got no time for these momentary sluts (No)
I still remember visits that you made to Terre Haute (Huh?)
It's our anniversary, like Tony! Toni! Toné! (Tony! Toni! Toné!)
No Instagram relationships, that other shit be phony (Fake as hell)
Had to buy her two rings 'cause we got married twice (Bling)
A million dollar push present 'cause she carry Ice (Wow)
When I think about my life, they tried to give me life (Life?)
Havin' wet dreams 'bout my spouse while I'm clutchin' on my knife (Huh)
Every time we have fun, I end up with a son (Ice)
Mix the reefer with the rum and then I make her cum (Huh)
Turned the house into a home, or should I say a mansion (True)
Now we workin' on our second one 'cause ain't no second chances (True)

I was at my worst, so you deserve my best (Yeah)
I treat you like a queen (A queen) 'cause you deserve the best (Best)
Said I'd get twenty years, she didn't break a sweat (Nah)
Went from kissin' in the jail (Mwah) to kissin' on a jet (Vroom)
It's diamonds on her wrists (Bling), it's diamonds on her neck (Brr)
You showed me loyalty, so you get all my respect (Blaow)
Yeah, it's diamonds on your fists (Bling) and diamonds on your neck (Brr)
It's love and loyalty, so you get all my respect (Damn)
You might also like
You know you special to me, that's why you got my last name (Huh?)
Drop a sixty on a jet (Sixty), just like Kobe last game (Kobe)
I put emeralds on your ring (Emeralds) and diamonds on your bag (Diamonds)
All them Hollywood love affairs, they don't ever last (No)
She don't judge me or my past, I'm so glad she crossed my path (Yeah)
Said the way I handle business, I remind her of her dad (Dad)
Even helped to lift my spirits on them days when I was sad (Sad)
Even helped to calm me down (Down) on them days when I was mad (Mad)
Changed your name to Mrs. Davis (Davis) and our bond is super sacred (Sacred)
Let's have another baby (Baby), Ice needs somebody to play with (Ice)
And when I'm growin' old, I know I'll have someone to stay with (True)
These bitches might know Gucci, but it's rare if they know Radric (Ooh)
We went from visits in them cages to performin' on stages (Performin')
After the shows, we hit the suite, I swear the sex was so amazin' (So)
They tryna spread this narrative that we some bad parents (No)
I take care of all my kids, their mamas, and they grandparents (Well, damn)
I'm not doin' no cappin', I'm bein' honest, no comparin' (No cappin')
You know the Wop just pull up and everybody starin' (Skkrt)
Hard top three season McLaren, there go Ice parents (It's V-Tel)
ATL Jacob and Wop, my Jacob still glarin' (Brr)

I was at my worst (Worst), so you deserve my best (Best)
I treat you like a queen (Queen) 'cause you deserve the best (The best)
Said I'd get twenty years, she didn't break a sweat (Nah)
Went from kissin' in the jail (Mwah) to kissin' on a jet (Vroom)
It's diamonds on her wrists (Bling), it's diamonds on her neck (Brr)
You showed me loyalty, so you get all my respect (Blaow)
Yeah, it's diamonds on your fists (Bling) and diamonds on your neck (Brr)
It's love and loyalty, so you get all my respect (Well, damn)1Embed