88 ContributorsPressure Lyrics
Roc-A-Fella
1st and...!
Jay! Lupe!
Yeah! Ugh!

And so it seems that I'm sewing jeans
And 1st and 15th is just a sewing machine
So I cut the pattern and I sew its seams and
Button in this hustling, then, publicly, I'm Buddy Lee
There's no busting them
And cuffing them is like ushering in the regime
They want me to make Prince pants
But I withstand, I ain't gotten into that
A little big in the waist, two-pocket on the back
Call them Lu-vi's, old jeans covered in blue dye (Woo!)
Give 'em the game, that's like giving chocolate to the fat
Look: how you think I got here?
That's the same game that came through where I lived as a kid
In the bad luck truck and threw boxes off the back
Made me a ripper, deliver like river
Content a lil' more thicker, slicker, yeah!
And they said oil and water don't mix
Now they all down at the beach, washing off the fish
Was Blackbeard 'til I brought the Roc into your ships
Yeah!
You might also like
It's my life (My life)
Everything I do I do for you (I do it all for you)
Everything I say, you know it's the truth (I'll say it is the truth)
I'll take all the pressure off of you (Take pressure off of you)
I'll take the pressure off of you

Yeah! Uhh, it's hella proper (proper)
'Cause it sag so low you can see boxer—like a boxer's
That's the way that the family's pants worn
Don't be sly and try and put 'em on
The stones in the pocket'll drag you down to Davy Jones' locker
Beware if you wanna rock the Knickerbocker
Other nigga from the block what, they was selling O's
Like Wheel of Fortune, of imported cocaine
Just to feel important, it was "Do or Die"
They was tired of being "Po' Pimps," not for sure (Sure)
That was just a product of my common sense (Sense)
I guess, I was just guessing like the consonants
Momma said, "Beware of what the devil do"
"Tell 'em that your soul's not for sale like the Ws"
So go 'head and pirate the highest
Cannons make you leak like, pirated my shh...
It's no shh.. it's just shh like quiet
And big homie's out of retirement, nigga
Yessir!
It's my life (My life)
Everything I do I do for you (I do it all for you)
Everything I say, you know it's the truth (I'll say it is the truth)
I'll take all the pressure off of you (Take pressure off of you)
Unh!
I'll take (Young!) the pressure off of you
Unh!

So the pen is mightier than the sword, my Lord
My first picture was a line-up, now I'm on the Forbes (Unh)
And I still remain the artiste through thees all
If you force my hand, I'll be forced to draw (Hahaha)
If the war calls for Warhols
Hope you got enough space on your hall's walls
I make niggas murals, then escape the Bureau's investigation
Out in Europe on vacation
I'm back for these puppies with the pound, boy (Rrrrra!)
Here's a round, boy (Rrrra! Rrrra!), down, boy
Sound boy, you don't wanna sound-clash; loud noise
Leave niggas paranoid if not paralyzed
Which means you can't walk in my shoes
Too much green; you can't talk in my hue
Extend the team, nigga, holla at Lu'
1st and 15th, that's my cue
I'm through
It's my life (My life)
Everything I do I do for you (I do it all for you)
Everything I say, you know it's the truth (I'll say it is the truth)
I'll take all the pressure off of you (Take pressure off of you)
I'll take the pressure off of you9Embed