49 ContributorsThe Die Lyrics
"I present: The death of The Cool!"

(Die) Well, I heard like groups of cows
That all your enemies wanna shoot you down
They got AK-47s and a bunch of Mac-11s
Semi-automatic weapons that produce ka-pows
Word on the street is they all got heaters
They gon' hit you up, you ain't even gonna see it
You got a lot of money, I ain't tryna be funny
But they say where you goin', you ain't even gonna need it
(Die) I seen you ridin' round, shinin' with your fine round
Diamonds, pretty green-eyed lady
Been on the sideline, plottin' while you primetime, poppin'
Hungry niggas want a piece of your pastry
I suggest you protect your bakery
'Cause they comin' for your head
And there's a bounty on the chain
That's hangin' from your neck, you see

I don't know what you been told
In your ear, but I hear it's goin' down
Somebody gotta (Die)
Know, oh, what you been told in your ear
But here's what's goin' round
Somebody gotta (Die)
You might also like
Hit a nigga, put the mini Mac strap, clap
Any nigga think he gettin' G's down here
Enemy to any nigga gettin' money on my honey
Man, I heard Michael Young is the real clown here
Run upon a nigga from the back with a Mac
Gon' be strapped 'cause a nigga finna squeeze off ten
Run upon this nigga 'Lac, rat-a-tat-tat
Click-clack, where this nigga at? I needs in
Shit is going down if ever I see him
Rub a nigga out like Oxy 10
And keep a couple of dollars up in the wallet
To pay the coppers so they can never box me in
(Die!) That's what I'm thinkin' 'bout
Ridin' around polishin' this big pistol
I'ma catch him in the wind, pray the gun don't jam
So, until we meet again, nigga, it's cool

I don't know what you been told
In your ear, but I hear it's goin' down
Somebody gotta (Die)
Know, oh, what you been told in your ear
But here's what's goin' round
Somebody gotta (Die)
Man, man
You just need to—
You just need to relax, man, trust me

Don't pay them niggas no mind, they hatin' on you
Ain't nobody with a shotty out plannin' to do a robbery
Itchin' to catch a body
Creepin' in a stolen jaloppy out there waitin' on you
I'm sittin' in this stolen car, finna rob this nigga
Should I let the mini-Mac or the shotgun hit him?
I been waitin' all day tryna spot this nigga
I can't let him get away, I'ma pop this nigga, uh
Plus, they don't know about the chopper in the trunk
The Glocks in the box and the nine on tuck
The bulletproof glass, the 40 in the stash
I pull the steering wheel and it pop on up
40 caliber stashed up in this cash box
Bulletproof windows, you couldn't break 'em with a padlock
AK in the trunk, where the sounds bump
Two twin Glock 40's, and a 9 in his damn crotch
Man... (Die)
We finna go up in this club, show a little love
Get a few drinks, holler at some girls
Snatch up a pair, leave outta there
Put some dro' in the air, then go and get some grub
They finna go up in the club, show a little love
Get a few drinks, holler at some girls
Snatch up a pair, leave outta there
Put some dro in the air, then catch a few slugs
Ay, ay, pull over right here, I gotta take a pee
And don't go nowhere, nigga, wait for me
And if some niggas do kill you in the next few minutes
Just remember, my nigga, it's a heaven for a G

Ay, ay hold this right there
I'll be, I'll be right back--I gotta take a piss man hold on
Fa sho. Ay man, ay don't leave i'll be right back
Ay don't leave i'll be back
Hurry your ass up man. Damn
Coolest nigga what, coolest nigga what, coolest nigga what
Hustla for life!
Ay man, nigga hurry your ass up. Shit
I'mma cool ass nigga man
Fuckin' three in the mornin'
I'm the coolest muthafucka in the world, man
Niggas ain't fuckin' with me man
Nigga i'm high, smokin'. Fly ass car
I run these muthafuckin' streets, and these niggas out here lookin' for me
Man i wish a muthafucka' would...
Ay, nigga hurry your ass up, nigga! Damn


Whats up now nigga?
Ain't too cool now is you nigga?8Embed