101 ContributorsBuffalo Bill Lyrics
Ahh! You sick asshole, let me go
Somebody please! Help!
Oh my God, please help me! Oh
"It fits perfect"

Better watch out, sucker, now I got you where I want ya
Onslaught coming, and I'm packing in my lunch a
Bunch of missile launchers and a bunch of contra–
–band, van full of ganja; now, come on, jump
Man, stop moshin' Marshall; oh my God, ya
Doing the cha-cha and the Cucaracha with a quadra–
–plegic, boogying down to Frank Sinatra
Lindsay to the Lohan, lick it while you let me watch ya
Who'da knew the Buddha'd do to me what it's done?
Such cynicism when there’s izm in my system
Blunt hypnotism, lift the spliff up to my lips, son
So much on my hands, I got to give my kids a fist bump
Christo-pher Reeves swimmin' in my swim trunks
"Mister – Help me", is what he said to me, and then sunk
Women, skinning them and cutting them up in chunks
In comes the woman with cocoa butter skin, once

Once again, they call me Buffalo Bill
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill
Skin 'em up, hem 'em, sew 'em up in those kilts
Up in those kilts, uppa-up in those kilts
Man, you don't want to go up in those hills
Up in those hills, uppa-up in those hills
You better beware, stay clear of Buffalo Bill
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill
You might also like
Always, you can see him lurkin' in the hallways
Carcasses of Caucasian females in his crawl space
How the hell did he fit 'em all into such a small place?
Hide 'em in the wall, well, how long will the drywall take?
Well, fuck it then, I got nothing but time, I'll wait
Until it dries, for the moment, I guess you're all safe
After I sand it and buff it I guess that I'll paint
My chainsaw's out of gas, my regular saw ain't
Now, here I come again, damn stomach rumbling
You can even hear the evil spirits coming from within
Someone's in the back of my damn house, rummaging
It's a girl, she looks pretty thin, but I want her skin
Vinn— On the hunt again, when will it ever end?
Evelyn, why you trying to fight? You will never win
Severin' legs, arms; damn, there goes another limb
Pull the lever, then; trapdoor, death is evident

Once again, they call me Buffalo Bill
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill
Skin 'em up, hem 'em, sew 'em up in those kilts
Up in those kilts, uppa-up in those kilts
Man, you don't want to go up in those hills
Up in those hills, uppa-up in those hills
You better beware, stay clear of Buffalo Bill
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill
Now, what you know about Buffalo Bill?
Nothin', so chill
Fuckin' ho, you better fuckin' hold still
Make sure none of that lotion in the bucket don't spill
Cut 'em, gut 'em, and just get to stuffin' those girls
Man, I think she had enough of those pills
Sedate her, then I wait, I come back later
Just a-clutching those steel
Blades, baby, when I cut ya don't squeal
I hate the loud noises, I fuckin' told you!
I keep hearing voices, like
"Wouldn't you like to go and get your butcher knife
And push it right through her
While you put your shish kebab skewers into her
Barbecue her, would you do to her
What you usually do to a girl whose skin's newer?"
In a world of sin you are, this is turning into a
Torment tournament of sorts, Christmas ornament you are
I'll be sure to Ginsu ya 'til there's no more skin to ya
Boo-yah! Who ya think you're fucking with?
Duck, because here he comes again

Once again, they call me Buffalo Bill
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill
Skin 'em up, hem 'em, sew 'em up in those kilts
Up in those kilts, uppa-up in those kilts
Man, you don't want to go up in those hills
Up in those hills, uppa-up in those hills
You better beware, stay clear of Buffalo Bill
Buffalo Bill, Buffa-Buffalo Bill49Embed