56 ContributorsRacing Stripes Lyrics
It grows back
Dude, it grows back
It's ok it grows back
Ma!

There is a bowl cut template mapped with a billy can
Mega mom scissoring a topiary lego man
Mini-ramp cowlick
Good ship snot nose
Lap rain water out of pigeon hill potholes
Rat brain, shovel green peas offa butterknife
Racoon hat, moon boots all summer-type
Felt pressure at the center of the dog show
Better off blending, sweater—off Waldo
You! Wanna see a genome mutate?
Cut a page boy ‘til it bring home a Cube tape
Poof, screw-face wriggle out a chop shop
Home-brewed Kool-aid, Disavowing Osh Kosh
Simulating television
Little rowdy rock snob
Bobble-headed shredder playing top-heavy hop scotch
You realize you only got a week
‘til you catch him with a set of shitty clippers in the sink
Like bzzzzt, motherfucking bzzzzt, bzzzzt
That's a quiet kid, buzzing asymmetric rebel lines in
Crudely, some say to praise the lord
I say you wanna feel saved baby shape the orb
And I will see you all in Helven
Read he fled a panic room pissed
And been searching for animal chin since
Bumpin' Johnny Rad, eye on the sauce pan
Current mop: 4 months shy on the off-chance
Might just reset this whole shit
You might also likeCut it up, cut it up
Cut it up, cut it up
Cut it up, cut it up
Cut it up, cut it

Start with a text book bowl cut (Bowl cut!)
One you can mow down slow as you grow up
Learn a couple great new curse words (Pussy!)
Buzz a cool rat tail, take 2, your turn
“Haircuts! Get your five dollar haircut here! I can do mohawks, fauxhauks, afros, halfros, racing stripes, fringes, high top fades, mullets, reverse mullets, crew cuts and much much more!"
"No, I just needed a little off the top"
"Mirror? No, you can’t look in a mirror, trust me, you look awesome!"
"I just want to take a look"
"Give me another buck and I'll trim "

I knew this kid Camu who in the lion's mouth
Made up a fail safe way to get his life corralled
Let's say he short on the rent
His land lord is upset
He disappears with shears yelling "I'm going George Jeff"
Bathroom door sound like a part—mech barbershop quartet
Forced into war with itself
What emerge next in a shaft of light is bald up top
Long on the back and sides
Maybe the blade oil came with a ax to grind
But granddaddy half-smile, all mastermind
He asked, "How do I look?"
I said, "You look insane"
He said the haircut come with a theory, I'll explain
Please do
First: no hats allowed
Faux nat' male pattern when he out the house
And wouldn't crop it up until his monopoly prop pass go
‘til then walk this town like an asshole
Bzzzt! Motherfucking bzzzt bzzzt!
Last week we were stoney
This week he program beats all Monday, sold two Wednesday
Pay rent, fabricate a whole new hedge maze
Back on his smooth shit Friday at noon bitch
Wow, just like that
A method I encourage you to share and apply and adapt
As one day his didn't grow back
So, if yours does, get that zig zig zag
Cut it up, cut it up
Cut it up, cut it up
Cut it up, cut it up
Cut it up, cut it

Start with a text book bowl cut (Afro!)
One you can mow down slow as you grow up
Learn a couple great new curse words (Fuckface!)
Maybe try a pony hawk, take 2, your turn3Embed