2 ContributorsSacramento Concert Rant Lyrics
Ayy-ayy, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop, stop it.
Radio, fuck you!
Radio, fuck you!
Y'all don't wanna lose again
Lot of people here felt tonight like they lost.
You know why? 'Cause y'all been lied to.
Google lied to you, Facebook lied to you, radio lied to you, radio, fuck you!
I know it's a lot of real niggas working at radio, real people. Real program directors with wives and kids that love music, that can't play what they wanna play, because they've been played to play that bullshit. Over and over and over, and when I say that bullshit; on me, what I'm saying is: We love Drake, Drake is great. He a great artist. But Frank Ocean is great, too.
But you know who the greatest of all of us? Who do y'all think? Nope. Kid motherfucking Cudi.
Radio, fuck you!
Oh yeah I'm on my Trump shit tonight, radio, fuck you!
Yeah, I'm taking his lead. I'ma just say how I say, I'ma just say- I'm just be Ye, and win. Take his lead and win.
Radio, fuck you!
Radio, fuck you!
Wait a second, you saying? ayy, ayy, wait a second. Ayy, ayy, is it radio fuck you? That's what you say? Exactly.
Not fuck the people who work at radio, because these is real people that gotta feed they kids, and they're not being allowed to play that real shit. Cause they think that in order to feed they kids, they gotta play that same shit over and over and over again. I was raised by KRS One, I was raised by Child Conquest, I was raised by DMX. The last real nigga alive, nah nigga. It's still real niggas alive tonight. We real niggas alive, we alive tonight, bruh, we alive tonight, bruh.
Virgil Abloh is alive tonight, bruh. A$AP Nast is alive tonight, bruh. Bari is alive tonight, bruh. Ian Connor is alive tonight, bruh. Rocky alive tonight, bruh.
Ayy, ya'll at my show, when I say these names, ya'll better scream for me. I don't give a fuck if you know the names or not, Google them. They will give you a little bit of factual information. They will give you that. Why did I name A$AP? cause that's the future. That's the niggas that got me and Cudi on our toes like that. These the niggas that keeping this shit alive bruh, these the niggas that keeping this shit alive bruh.
It's life, we got a hundred years out here, a hundred years on this planet, bruh. And we can have a utopia, we can love each other, but the rules gotta be fair.
Khaled, and Drake, and radio, and Doc, and 92.3, and everybody is it just me? Or did you hear that song so many times, you still wanna play it for free.
Ayy, and gimme, ayy, you know what it is though? Cause ayy, I love Drake, I love Khaled, but that set that song up, bruh. And let me tell you something: MTV, fuck you, once again, as always. I'm on my Trump shit tonight.
Let me tell you what it is, bruh. Ayy, you know me, I went down seven years of my life for mothafucka's hating me for saying "Beyoncé had the best video."
Ayy, baby, it's rock-n-roll tonight, y'all might be experiencing pop shit tonight, but the vibes is back. The prodigal son Kid Cudi has returned. The vibes is back.
I know it's gonna be a lot of conversations after tonight. Khaled, I love you. I know you got killers in Miami, please do not send 'em at my head. I just wanna have a conversation, about how we playin' radio's game. Khaled, you a real nigga. Khaled you a real nigga, you got the keys. But as we learned, all them politics niggas was doing for years, Obama couldn't make America great, 'cause he couldn't be him, to be who he was. Black men have been slaves, Obama wasn't allowed to do this: "Aaagh!" and still win, he had to be perfect! Being perfect don't always change shit, bruh. So when I talk about MTV, let me explain something: I was hurt. Beyoncé, I was hurt. Because I wanted to present a video called "Fade," and outta respect MTV told me: "Mr. West, outta respect for you. I will let you know, Beyoncé is winning video tonight for "Formation," over "Hotline Bling," and "Famous."
They told me forehand so I wouldn't run on stage, ayy bro. Ya'll ain't gotta fuck with me, but you know I got the vision, and you know I'm gonna keep it real with you.
Beyoncé, I was hurt. I went down seven years, on behalf of yo—Ayy nigga, don't throw no shit when I'm talking.
I am putting my career, my life, my public-well-standing at risk, when I talk to y'all like this. This is a moment in the matrix, bro. The vibes is back.
The vibes is back. Mo'fucka's might feel a way about this tonight, Beyoncé I was hurt. Cause I heard that you said you wouldn't preform unless you won Video of the Year. Over me, and over "Hotline Bling," and in my opinion, now don't go tryna diss Beyoncé, she is great. Taylor Swift is great. We are all great people. We are all equal. But sometimes we be playin' the politics too much, and forgetting who we are, just to win. Fuck winning! Fuck looking cool! Fuck looking cool! Fuck being cool! Fuck all that, bruh.
I've been sent here to give y'all my truth, even at the risk of my own life. Even at the risk of my own success, my own career. I've been sent here to give y'all the truth. JAY-Z, call me, bruh! You still ain't call me.
JAY-Z, call me, ay bruh. JAY-Z, I know you got killers, please don't send 'em at my head. Just call me, talk to me like a man.
I'm not tryna be "The man," I just am "A man." The same as everybody here. I ain't above, below, none of y'all. We equal, we all equal. This is the vibes, bruh, this is the future. This is the way of thinking, to Make America Great Again.
Hahaha, ah, you ain't like that. Guess what? Guess what? I was hurt. Feelings matter, bruh. The way mo'fucka's put money up so high, popularity, money stands. Feelings matter, bruh. Feelings matter, bruh. It's a new world Hillary Clinton, it's a new world! Feelings matter, cause guess what? Cause everybody in middle America felt. a way, and they showed you how you felt. Feelings matter, bruh. It's a new world. It's a new world, Barack. It's a new world JAY-Z. Ayy, don't send killers at my head, bruh. This ain't a Malcom X movie, we growin' from that.
Let Ye be Ye, oh wait a second, do y'all-y'all agree with that? Let Ye be Ye, wait a second, I didn't hear no screams on that. Let Ye be Ye. People, I'm not sayin' this out of my own well being. Cause it wouldn't be smart out of my own well being to say things like this. Radio, I done talk to you a bunch of mothafuckin' times. Y'all mothafucka's is behind the times. Cause guess what? The Saint Pablo tour is the most relevant shit happening. The Saint Pablo tour is more relevant than radio. And if y'all keep following old models, y'all asses is going to get Hillary Clinton'd.
You might not like it, but they've gotta hear it. I ain't gonna massage you with a fake truth. Telling you that Hillary's goin' win over, and over, and over. Then you wake up, you still can't believe it. You know why? Cause you was lied to by Google! You was lied to by Mark Zuckerberg! Mark Zuckerberg, you wanna call me now? Do I got the vision, Mark Zuckerberg? Was you wrong? When I said I was 53 million dollars in debt and you didn't call me, was you wrong? You ate dinner, you asked my friend Anthony Schiller to have dinner with me. I told you about DONDA, and you said you help, and you didn't. Then you went to look for aliens. Me and Kid Cudi are aliens, right here, bruh! The vibes is back.
Ayy, John, take, take all the way back to the thing. Take me all the way back to the thing.
Shia Labeouf, Kid Cudi feels a way. Give him a call.
Q-Tip, I love you, bruh. Don't tell me how to be me though, I love you. The Tribe album is dope, I love you. But don't tell me how to be me though, I've been me. I am me.
There's a Richard Pryor interview that you can watch, about people coming into power, and not changing anything. And just becoming apart of the power. That's happened with musicians, cause they're scared. I'm not scared, I'm here to change things, I am here to change things. And things won't change until people admit they falsehoods. I got the vision bro, that's what I've been blessed with. I'm not always going to say thing s the perfect way, the right way, but I'ma say how I feel. Right way, but I'ma say how I feel.
Right now, I will prepare— Oh, wait ah. Right now, press, get ready to write yo' passive aggressive, Lebron James racist comments, season four, racist comments. Get ready to have a field day press! Get ready, get ready! cause the shows over.Embed