35 ContributorsNDA Lyrics
(Hitkidd, what it do, man?)
Ayy

I ain't perfect, but anything I did to any of you niggas, y'all deserved it (Y'all deserved it)
You see me in that mode, don't disturb me when I'm workin' (Yeah)
Lil' bitch, you better back up, don't know what be in these purses (Blaow)
And I ain't say, "Excuse me," 'cause I did that shit on purpose
Yeah, you see a star up in this bitch (A star up in this bitch)
You know I bought a hundred black cars in this bitch (Hundred cars in this bitch)
Neat freak, I don't like nobody touchin' on my shit (Yeah, yeah, touchin' on my shit)
So you know I had to bring my own bottles in this bitch (Ayy, ayy, ah)
Ayy, ridin' by myself, shoppin' bag in the backseat (In the backseat)
Niggas with the money to they ear don't attract me (Yeah, yeah, don't attract me)
Fly out the country, let a prince nigga bag me (Ayy, ayy, yeah)
Nympho, known to do a nigga pockets nasty (Ah)
Bitches hatin' on me, but it's cool, niggas love me (But it's cool, niggas love me)
Body bangin', I ain't had to let the doctor cut me (Ayy, ayy, I ain't let the doctor cut me)
Sick of bein' humble, 'cause you bitches don't respect that (Yeah)
And the next one of y'all hoes wanna get bold, I'm gon' check that
And the next one of y'all blogs wanna spread lies, I'm gon' sue you (Yeah)
And the next bitch that break my NDA, that go for you too
Now listen to me 'cause I'm givin' you bitches a warning
You gon' have to pay me forever tryna be corny
Ayy, I'm from the city of the drank sippers, slidin', ridin' paint drippers (Yeah)
Bitches so bad, got the famous niggas datin' strippers (Baow)
Choppin' all the music, so you know I'm kinda screwed up (Know I'm screwed up)
Wrist so icy, turn the drank into a cool cup (Yeah)
Goin' through so some shit, so I gotta stay busy (So I gotta stay busy)
Bought a 'Rari, I can't let the shit I'm thinkin' catch up with me (Yeah,  catch up with me)
If they say they see me outside of a bookin', that was kizzy (Ah)
Barely be at home, but I still put on for my city
You might also like
Damn, where the real bitches at? (Where the real bitches at?)
I'm finna bring real bitches back (Ayy, ayy)
Where's all the real niggas at? (Where the real niggas at?)
Free the guys, bring the real niggas back (Ayy, ayy)
Damn, where the real bitches at?
I'm finna bring real bitches back (Ayy, real bitches back)
Where's all the real niggas at? (Yeah, yeah)
Free the guys, bring the real niggas back (Ah)

How many more ways can I say that I'm the baddest bitch? (Yeah)
I walk in and bitches grab they nigga, that's a compliment (That's a compliment)
'Cause you know in his head, he wanna spread me like a condiment (Ah)
He want me to make that glizzy disappear and swallow it (Yeah, yeah)
You know I keep it realer than real, ain't shit 'bout me fraudulent (Ain't shit 'bout me fraudulent)
They take all the hate that they got for me and they market it (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
When they shit ain't poppin', they usin' Megan for marketing (Yeah)
And they ain't got enough in they budget for me to talk to them (No)
I know you hoes wish that I would get down and stay down (I won't)
Bitch, make a move or keep that shit up on the playground (Keep that shit up on the playground)
'Cause I ain't finna stop until I make it to the t-in-op
And I do everything that all my haters said I could not (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
And it look like Poseidon just be slidin' on my wristwatch (Ah, ah)
I hope that you ain't shoppin' when I'm shoppin', you get kicked out (Get kicked out)
I gotta watch my back, 'cause I forget that I'm the shit now
I walk up in the studio pissed off and lay that shit down
Matter fact, wait, stop, bitch, I really rap (Bitch, I really rap)
I be quick to check you pussy bitches like a pap
Kill a bitch, all I need is a pencil and a pad
Let me get the beat, so they remember who I am
Damn, where the real bitches at? (Where the real bitches at?)
I'm finna bring real bitches back (Ayy, ayy)
Where's all the real niggas at? (Where the real niggas at?)
Free the guys, bring the real niggas back (Ayy, ayy)
Nigga, damn, where the real bitches at? (Where the real bitches at?)
I'm finna bring real bitches back (Ayy, real bitches back)
Where's all the real niggas at? (Yeah, yeah)
Free the guys, bring the real niggas back (Ah)2Embed