57 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishPortuguêsThe Baddest Lyrics
You ain't know I could play the piano, did you, nigga?
Can you say New York City?
Now as we proceed
To give you what you need (Bad Boy)
Ladies and gentlemen (And I say New York City)
I'd like to introduce to you
You know, it's a vibe, he is
Said he the baddest motherfucker in town

I can take five years off 'cause my shit is timeless
My core got my back so I'm standing on my promise
These niggas only backed by they labels, they all spineless
I'm back by popular demand and on that timing
I'm popped out 2012, y'all wasn't outside then
Ten years later, tell me, why y'all still hiding?
Niggas know who greater, fuck your favorite, I'm the greatest
They never could degrade us and I did it with no major
I made a lane for niggas by going my own way (Come on)
I paved the way for a lot of these rappers you see today
So act like you know, bitch, I've been had the flow, penetrating souls
Who the best emcees? Kenny, Joey and Cole
The holy trinity, it's that "95 Till Infinity" energy
Knowing when I'm gone and forever remember me (Yeah)
So show me love when I'm still in the vicinity (Show love)
And show no sympathy for niggas who be moving finicky
You might also like
(Ooh, and I like it) Can you say New York City?
(Ooh, and I like it) Can you say New York City?
(Ooh, and I like it) Can you say New York City?
(Ooh, and I like it) Can you say New York City?

It's been a minute and I still kick a style with no gimmicks (Yeah)
Took some time off, now we back in this (We back)
What, you niggas thought I was finished? I'm offended
I'm just getting replenished, emcees getting diminished when I'm in attendance
Get finished like a sentence, period
Never is my light dimming, my shine is serious, a born star (Don't stop)
These other niggas ain't on par, who wanna spar?
I got war scars, two ARs and four SCARs (Let's go)
Nine on my waist like a corsage 'cause I talk large (Let's go)
These small-town niggas ain't tryna see us going far
Word to Khaled, yo, they hate to see you winning
They wanna see your life ending
Lights out, striking out in my ninth inning
Wiped out, they wonder how I just stay grinning (Let's go)
'Cause we came a long way since the beginning
Everything iced out 'cause this how I'm living (Come on, yeah, Bad Boy)

(Ooh, and I like it) Can you say New York City? (Ohh is that Joey over there?)
(Ooh, and I like it) Can you say New York City?
(Ooh, and I like it) Can you say New York City?
(Ooh, and I like it) Can you say New York City?
Can you say?
Come on
The baddest stay down always from beginning to end
You know what I'm sayin'?
Just get back to being who we are, you know what I'm sayin'?
Like the baddest, take that3Embed