48 ContributorsThe Infamous Prelude Lyrics
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Hold the fuck up!
We gon' take this little intermission to listen
To what the fuck I got to say, you know?
I been doing this shit for years:
Holdin' heat, sellin'
Usin', abusin' all kinds of drugs;
Robbin' niggas, runnin' up in niggas' cribs
You know, the whole shit
So don't ever in your life get me confused
With some of them other niggas that you might see
On TV, or hear on the radio and such
Know what I'm sayin'?
I mean, this is me: P
I'm speakin' for my fuckin' self
When you see me.. at the show, or on stage or on the street
I DEFINITELY got the gat on me
You know what I'm sayin'?
Nahmean?
And it ain't like I'm tryin' to be a tough guy
Or tryin' to make people think I'm crazy by sayin' all this shit
But what it is, dat.. I know how niggas gets down, alright?
I used to be in the clubs: The Muse, The Tunnel, whatever the fuck
Niggas get they little drink on
Havin' fun with they little crew, you know what I'm sayin'?
Start cuttin', shootin', whatever
Things like that
A lot of these so-called "rap niggas"
Ain't never seen no parts of that shit
You know what I'm sayin'?
You dig where I'm comin' from?
Word up, yo
And I know a lot of y'all niggas— matter of fact, all y'all niggas
Is right now listenin' to this shit like...
"Yeah, yeah, we gon' see them Mobb Deep niggas
We gon' see what they about, know what I'm sayin'?
Touch them niggas, we gon' see what level they head is at"
But, yo!
I'll let y'all niggas know right now, you know what I'm sayin'?
You ain't gotta waste your time, or your money on your hospital bills
And if you step to me on a personal level
I don't back down easy! You know what I'm sayin'?
There's a good chance your ass either gon' get
Shot, stabbed or knuckled down
One out of the three
So don't gamble with your life, duke, word up!
And believe me:
I know very well I could get shot, stabbed or fucked up too, whatever
I ain't "Super Nigga", I'm a little skinny motherfucker
It's all about who gets who first, though
You know what I'm sayin?
So therefore, say no more
To all my niggas — get the money!
Frontin' niggas — get deceased!
And, oh, yeah!
To all the rap-ass niggas with your half-assed rhymes
Talkin' about how much you get high, how much weed you smoke
And that crazy space shit that don't even make no sense
Don't ever speak to me when you see me, know what I'm sayin'? Word
I'ma have to get on some ol' high-school shit
Start punchin' niggas in they face just for livin'!
Yo, I'm finished what I had to say
Y'all can continue on11Embed