57 ContributorsHow Dare You Lyrics
You shine like the lights of Las Vegas
You feel way beyond outrageous
You're confidence and appeal, so sexual
How dare you? How dare you? How dare you?
How dare you come do me like that that

I got my eyes on like the fire zone
Let's be bygones
Won't you come and be a line in one of my songs?
Maybe a whole verse, baby the whole Earth’s my home
So let me show you around the crib
Tell you what I do, and show you what I did
Flow is on the stove, I'm cooking for the kids
Wrist is in the freezer, heart is in the fridge
But we can warm it up, plug the Foreman up
Open the oven door, turn the saunas up
Stretch the Benz out, if it ain't long enough
Get lost in the feeling, be no longer us
Hop up out the coupe, hop up on the bus
Give you 'get to the backs', code name for Rosa's sons
We're in a better place, give us condolences
This like a player's mate, and like a coma love

You shine like the lights of Las Vegas
You feel way beyond outrageous
You're confidence and appeal, so sexual
How dare you? How dare you? How dare you?
How dare you come do me like that that
You might also like
And I hope it's all up to your standards
Cause babies really need to be pampered
I'm behind these tents like a camper
Cause you're out there shining like chandler
Like a chandelier standing near in your radiance
I think we all need some shadiness
Or some vision care, oh no, you didn't dare
While I sitting here like Huey in his wicker chair
You know that isn't fair, how you just entered here
Getting their hopes up, that they can interfere
You're so insincere, you know I got you
Have you looked in the mirror? You know that's not cool

You shine like the lights of Las Vegas
You feel way beyond outrageous
You're confidence and appeal, so sexual
How dare you? How dare you? How dare you?
How dare you come do me like that that

Let's have a cease fire, be some peace tryers
Let's negotiate, because my cheeks tired
From smiling all day
Emotions need a motrin, a tylenol break
I know you see my strategy, if flattery's a battery
Then I'm a rabbit with a pack of 'D's in back of me
Pause on all levels, everybody settle
I know it sounded weird, I'm just trying to impress you
And step forward with my best two
If all that fails, hope it’s swag to the rescue
I said swag, and I'm sorry
Don't mean to offend your sensibilities I meant dress smartly
Just trying to get you out this party
Can you dig that? Ologist-Archae
Please be the Ferrari to my car key
And I'mma hold my baby down like a car seat
You know what you're doing to me
You got that firepower, baby
I just can't get enough
No, I can't get enough

You shine like the lights of Las Vegas
You feel way beyond outrageous
You're confidence and appeal, so sexual
How dare you? How dare you? How dare you?
How dare you come do me like that that4Embed