51 ContributorsTranslationsEspañol한국어Legit Lyrics
Is there a heart?
Is there a heart in the house tonight?
Bravehearts
Stand up (Stand up), stand up
Let me know, let me know if you understand
Is there a heart? (Is there a heart in the house?)
Is there a heart in the house?
You gotta have love
Yeah
You gotta have love in your heart
Yeah, my beginnings was intense
Who'd have thought I’d go legit?
For sure, yeah, yеah

We comin' blacker than Black Panther 2
Nobody this thorough, that's thе truth
Never go against the family, that’s somethin' you don't do
Don't get Eddie King'd tryna sing your way back in the group, nah
Stars in the ceilin', God's Son in the buildin'
Rep that 718, it’s hard to depart from that feelin’
Careful sellin' weight, the DEA be watchin’ you dealin'
Get yourself straight, before they find that paraphernalia
For those who claim a hundred million on taxes, beautiful actresses
Street dudes who turn activist who used to move packages
Know Nas still here to remove the wall that I'm back against
Legitimized all your hustles before the gavel hit (Oh)
It takes more than love
It takes wakin' up early to face the moment debatin’
Should I save it or blow it? I mean it's only some paper
None of my neighbors too nosy, the Joneses ownin' some acres
To be the greatest is lonely but it chose me, I take it
Whatever the case may be, I'm out of space, OD
NASA without the A at the end, take off on three
What's the cost of a CD when fifteen-hundred places one sell?
What's that to fifteen-hundred peas on one scale?
For a starvin' artist tryna sneak out and reroute
Originality I seek out, let's clean house
To black homeowners, check it out
To black homeowners, take over and throw the lease out
This that movie reel, the Jordan Peele of this thing low-key
Boss shit, pull the strings behind the scenes
You might also like
On my soul, this for my kids and the cold shit I done did
All them O's I tried to flip, who'd have thought I'd go legit? Yeah
And the cold shit I done did (Uh-huh)
Pretty girls who let me hit, who'd have thought I'd go legit? Yeah (Woo!)
And the cold shit that you did (That's right)
All them O's you tried to flip, who'd have thought you'd go legit? (Oh!)

Grown man business, COVID closed jail visits
Stove still lit, many still on the scales with it
System failed my niggas, in the trial hearin'
No bail, eyewitness showed up, and snitches
I read Jesus' diary and ran to tell the streets
No, this ain't no hype, we in the belly of the beast
All they said was I would be a felon, be deceased
Instead, I'm in Margiela in Loewe with the crease
The consummate (Uh)
Kill 'em all, call the bomb squad and the SWAT for this (Uh)
Got off the block for this (Yeah)

On my soul, this for the kids and the cold shit that I did
Pretty girls who let me hit, it's only right I went legit (Uh, too legit)
And the cold shit I done did (Haha)
All them O's I tried to flip, who'd have thought I'd go legit? Yeah (I do it for y'all)
And the cold shit that you did (Uh-huh)
All them O's you tried to flip, who'd have thought you'd go legit? (Do it for y'all)
Yeah, we was just chillin' on the sofa
No job, no school, ghetto babies
I was small-time, small-time to big-time
You can do it too, go legit
Yeah, believe in yourself
Live the life you deserve
Haha, that's how we do
I ain't forget the roaches and mice
I ain't forget all that2Embed