11 ContributorsBam Lyrics
BAM!! We land at your table like dinnertime
Asinine amount of women in the ticketline
Hidden from behind the picket sign
Switch the design and reposition the shine
Subdue what they knew thrown askew
Cut through with the focus of a "fuck you"
Frozen moments. Grown up, made work
Open up the doorway, sewn up, pay dirt
Everybody wants to party
Full belly; still suckin on the parsley
Star sleeps between the hard sheets
You only parked on the street to hear the cars beep
Pan left, pan right, damn right the econoline
Weaves through the landmines
Continues until I leave mankind
Can't find control of the wheels on the van like BAM!!
We land on your plate like a housefly
Just another face from the southside
The fall guy, all eyes on the tall small fry
While I try not to make this doll cry
What you call "fly"? what you call "fresh"
Multi-bulls-eye-sex-and-checks-and-death
I guess I'm best left for dead. And a breath that was never impressed by what's possesed
Girlfriend I need your help
Cause the head on my shoulders won't fuck itself
And homeboy, I need you as well
Cause I gotta live And I got a little bridge to sell
Gonna build a home out of syllables
Gonna be alone when the whistle blows
Cut the embyllical on the cymbals
The break'll shake your silicone when you feel it go BAM!!
(and when they started to scream, I thought of Mike Gee singin "Everything good ain't as good as it seems"
Get ripped like flesh) BAM!!
WE land on your tongue like words
Didn't understand they were sung by birds
The sunlight burnt to disturb the earth
When the gun-fight burst occurred it goes  BAM!!
We land in your gut like hunger
Sunk your ship while you slept in the bunker
The thunder don't stop the slumber, plug in the sub
Turn it up, let the drummer go BAM!!
We land in your blood like virus
Let em digest...What stylist?
Quiet hybrid of peace of violence
I just might just cease the silence with a BAM!
We land on your head like rain drops
With a chainsaw laced in napalm
Weight loss, pill pop, chaos
Thank god the best plays are made when the game stops BAM!!
And if I gotta die, I got faith the decision was made
That I was outta line BAM!!
And if I gotta die, I'mma smile from the pile
Cause I wasn't on the bottom, I'm a man
With a child and a voice and a lovelife
IF I get a choice then I hope I go just like BAM!!You might also likeEmbed