15 ContributorsPanic Attack (The P.A.) Lyrics
See, they could try to trick you, couldn't they?
Here's something for you, make you really feel good

Little mama got a little pill to swallow
A little water to follow it down the tunnel
Gotta lotta walls but the house is hollow
Got a lot of holes, never found the shovel
Panic attack, so what's the plan of attack?
You had to be had, you cut in half, you had to react
You battle with your shadow from front to back
Stack up the stats, handle the math and that'll be that
Hold your head up, I know you're fed up
But don't let it get up to the top of them steps, love
Instead of playin' with the pieces that got messed up
Get dressed up, we goin' out to catch the best buzz
Self-medicated, spirit on elevated
Help take the self-made self-hate and celebrate it
And I could tell you hated it when you felt naked
But the poison tastes great, wanna know how the hell they made it?
And if the dizzy don't kill you, the city will
Simply for the thrill of wiping up a sticky spill
Little tricky get busy off a fifty bill
So take the little pill straight to your pretty grill
You might also like
Here it comes, there it goes again (Panic attack)
Here it comes, there it goes again (Panic attack)
Here it comes, there it goes again (Panic attack)
Here it comes, there it goes again (Panic attack)
Here it comes, there it goes again (Panic attack)
Here it comes, there it goes again (Panic attack)
Here it comes, there it goes again (Panic attack)
Here it comes, there it goes, goes, goes

So what you drinking? So what you popping?
So what you eating? So what you dropping?
So what you smoking? So what you sniffing?
So how you coping? So what's the difference?

Contagious, it runs like the paint does
Sedate the sober and over-anxious
The pages of pain that make the songs on the playlist
The renegade rain that jumped just to flood the basements
Look honey, everybody needs a helper buddy
Nobody's drug-free, the streets would be hella bloody
Do you call yourself a patient or a junkie?
The only thing that separates is who takes your money
All smile like we're gonna go buck wild
Order up a shot, prescription filled up now
Pop another (what?) distracted by the rush while
We fight all night about what to name the love child
I'm on that go nuts life that got that gold touch
Fresh Fly Wild, Bold what like the Cold Crush
No luck, don't hold much, just an old flush
Made up of hearts, queen high off the faux-blush
Freak outs, leak out, and bleed out, and speak out
And reroute and seek out the weak crowd
And we doubt, but when I see it keep out
The beast I'll believe for now, it's all "Peace, I gotta be out"

Here it comes, there it goes again (Panic attack)
Here it comes, there it goes again (Panic attack)
Here it comes, there it goes again (Panic attack)
Here it comes, there it goes again (Panic attack)
Here it comes, there it goes again (Panic attack)
Here it comes, there it goes again (Panic attack)
Here it comes, there it goes again (Panic attack)
Here it comes, there it goes, goes, goes
This country spends a hundred billion dollars a year on gettin' high

Let's talk about better
If you're over 30, over-stressed, and overweight
When someone says something's better, it's usually just their opinion
Take a look in the mirror
If you suffer
Are you depressed?
Prescription
The problem
Disease
The problem
Prescription
Would you like to be happy?
But now, you want proof
What's the fastest someone dies still in America?
Do you think it's fun to have to take a pill to make yourself feel better?
Recent medical studies prove if you're dieting, it heals that damage
Incredible
Incredible energy, thinner, look younger, and have energy to burn
America's Power Axe Thunder Pill
The healing pill
It's easy, look younger, you'll love it
This is big news, so call your doctor today
Because if left untreated, the damage could get worse
You don't just feel it, you are it
Conditions may still exist
The most common side effects
Depression, thinner
Call in the next 15 minutes
To find out how you can receive a one month's supply absolutely free
Call 1...1Embed