117 ContributorsHate Me Now Lyrics

Escobar Season has returned
It's been a long time, been a long time comin'
It's life or death for me now
But you know, there's no turnin' back now
This is what makes me, this is what I am
Feel me? Let's go

You can hate me now (Q.B.)
But I won't stop now (Real niggas)
'Cause I can't stop now (Bravehearts)
You can hate me now (C'mon)
But I won't stop now (Uh)
'Cause I can't stop now
You can hate me now
You can hate me now

Well, you hate me, I'm gon' hate you too
It's as simple as that
Die motherfucker, die motherfucker, die!
You don't give a fuck, I don't give a fuck
Go down any way you want it to go down
You might also like
Do it now
Weak, jealous motherfuckers!
Do it now, do it now

Don't hate me, hate the money I see (Yeah), clothes that I buy (Uh-huh)
Ice that I wear, flows that I try (C'mon)
Close your eyes (That's right), picture me rollin', Sixes, money foldin'
Bitches, honeys that swollen to riches, Nas get in ya
Most critically acclaimed Pulitzer Prize winner
Best storyteller, thug narrator, my style's greater (You the best, that's right)
Model dater, big threat to a lot of you haters (Haha)
Commentators ringside try watchin' my paper (Watch this)
Almost a decade, quite impressive
Most of the best is in the essence for this rap shit that I stand for
Expandin' more to the big screen, Bill Gates dreams
But it seems you'd rather see me in jail with state greens (Hah, picture that)
Want me off the scene fast, but good things last
Like your favorite MC still makin' some mean cash
First rapper to bring a platinum plaque back to the projects
But you still wanna hate, be my guest, I suggest

Money is power, motherfucker!
I got millions of thugs on salary
Do it now!
You can hate me now (I won't stop)
But I won't stop now (I can't stop)
'Cause I can't stop now (Now) (You can hate me)
You can hate me now (Do it now) (I hate you too)
But I won't stop now (C'mon) (You can hate me now)
'Cause I can't stop now (C'mon)
You can hate me now (Do it now) (You can hate me now)
You can hate me now

Do it now! I told you, do it now!
Let's go

You wanna hate me, then hate me; what can I do
But keep gettin' money? Funny, I was just like you
I had to hustle hard, never give up, until I made it
Now y'all sayin': "That's a clever nigga, nothin' to play with."
Hate on me, I blew but I'm the same OG
People warned me: "When you on top there's envy"
Took my niggas out the hood, but you doubt on us
Sayin' we left the hood but can't get it out of us
My bad, should I step out my shoes, give 'em to you?
Here's my cars and my house, you can live in that too
Criticize when I flow for the street, hate my dress code
Gucci this, Fendi that – what you expect, hoe?
Nickname Esco, took this game to its threshold
Best flow, I bet the whole U.S. know
Try to make it like you the realest, but who the illest?
Think we all know the answer to that, 'cause niggas feel this, right?
You think I'ma come this far
And let you niggas stop me now?
I hate you too! (Do it now!)

You can hate me now (I won't stop)
But I won't stop now (Now) (I can't stop)
'Cause I can't stop now (Do it now) (You can hate me)
You can hate me now (C'mon) (I hate you too)
But I won't stop now (Uh) (You can hate me now)
'Cause I can't stop now (Uh, uh)
You can hate me now (Do it now) (You can hate me now)
You can hate me now (Do it now)

I like this, I like the way this feels (Let's go)

It's a thin line between paper and hate
Friends and snakes, nine milli's and thirty-eights
Hell or the Pearly Gates; I was destined to come
Predicted, blame God, he blew breath in my lungs
Second to none, wicked turn wives to widows (Yeah)
Shoot through satin pillows, the desolate one (Right)
Took a little time to claim my spot
Jammin' up the border to this game stop, and I side with the Lord (Uh)
Ride for the cause while drivin' niggas shot at my doors (That's right)
Plottin' I'm sure, to catch me with they Glocks to my jaws
Tried stickin' me up, but I flipped on these ducks (You tried?)
Instead of me, ambulances were pickin' 'em up (That's what you hate)
Niggas fear what they don't understand
Hate what they can't conquer, guess it's just inferior man
Became a monster, on top of the world, never fallin'
I'm as real as they come, from day one, forever ballin', c'mon!

(Yeah) (It won't stop)
You ain't never seen a nigga like me (It won't stop) ever in your life (You can hate me) (Never!)
And that's what you can't understand!

You can hate me now (C'mon) (I won't stop)
But I won't stop now (I can't stop)
'Cause I can't stop now (Do it now, do it now) (You can hate me)
You can hate me now (Do it now, do it now, niggas) (I hate you too)
But I won't stop now (C'mon) (You can hate me now)
'Cause I can't stop now (Hate me now)
You can hate me now (You can hate me now) (Hate me now)
You can hate me now (You can hate me now) (C'mon, niggas!)

You can hate me now (C'mon, niggas!) (You can hate me now)
But I won't stop now (Do it now! Get this shit over with!)
(I won't stop now)
It ain't gon' never stop, niggas! (It can't stop...)43Embed