30 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolClone Wars III Lyrics
Yo, yo, yo, yeah, yeah, yeah
Check it, check it, check it, check, one, two (You are now witnessing)
Yo, yo, yo, yeah, yeah, yeah
Check it, check it, check it, check, one, two
Yo, yo, yo, yeah, yeah, yeah (The one, the one, the only, the only)
Check it, check it, check it, check, one, two (The one, the one, the only, the only)
Yo, yo, yo, yeah, yeah, yeah (The one, the one, the only, the only)
Check it, check it, check it, check, one, two (The one, the one, the only, the only)

Uh, when I grip the mic, it's like I'm lookin' through the face of God
I can't even begin to understand why I'm so odd
Did everything I could to fit in, man, I really tried
But was crucified
There was days when I wished I was Cole, wished I was Kendrick
Days when I wished I was Lupe, hella eccentric
Days when I wished I was Jay and had the blueprint
Makin' fresh money like a new mint
'Til I woke up one day and realized I'm Logic
Somethin' they could never be, let's not even acknowledge it
I spent my whole career at the heels of their feet
Doin' everything I could to try be who they be
'Til a couple albums back, when I was finally set free
By the realization all I gotta do is be me
Be me, uh
Anime-lovin', video game-playin'
Put that shit in my raps, people like "What the fuck is you sayin'?"
Comin' with assault and battery
Imitation is a form of flattery
Tryna make somethin' so original, you can't flatter me
That'll be the day
'Cause everybody sound like everybody anyway
Man, there's only twelve notes to a scale
Nothing's original under the sun, nothin' new to unveil
It's like perfection (Yeah), it's unattainable
See, it's more about the journey than the destination (It's about the journey, man)
Not to sound like a mom shoppin' at Erewhon
Let's bring it back a square one
Stay close to the iron, man, like Jon Favreau
Killin' shit up, Avada Kadavra (You are now witnessing, yo, yo, yo, yeah, yeah, yeah)
You might also like
The music, the people, the vibes, the money (Check, one, two)
The places, the moments, of course, the honeys (Yeah)
The bass, the stage, the faces in the crowd (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
That's what it's all about (Yeah)
The music, the people, the vibes, the money (Yo, yo, yo, yeah)
The places, the moments, of course, all the honeys (Yo, yo, yo, yeah, yeah, yeah)
The bass, the stage, the faces in the crowd (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
That's what it's all about (You are now witnessing)

Ayy, bro
Yo
Thank you for comin' to Mr. Burger, how can I help you?
Yeah, hey, um, can I get a junior bacon chee'?
Okay, we have one junior bacon chee'
Yeah
What's the size?
Um, like, a medium
A medium?
And a Coke, please
And a Coke, Diet Coke?
No
No Diet Coke, okay, one medium
Alright, what do you want, bro?
Let me get, uh, let me get the number two
Oh, that's pretty good
Light ice on that— that soda though, Coke, please
Did you get that?
No, I'm sorry, can you please repeat that?
Wait, you said number two? Yeah, number two
I'm— I'm sorry, can you please speak up a little bit?
Number two
Okay, we—  so we have a number two?
Yes, thank you
Uh, is there a drink with that?
Okay
Is there a drink?
Oh, yeah, uh, a Coke with light ice
Okay, one Coke with light ice
Please pull around to the window on Street 77
Bro, I'm so fuckin' excited for this show tonight
Hell yeah
It's gonna be crazy
Here's your small bacon chee', with a Coke, not Diet
And your number two, with light ice
Oh, thanks, girl, can I get some ketchup?
Oh, sorry, it's in the back, one second
Damn
What?
A straight fat nigga fantasy
Fat nigga f— what— what the fuck is a fat nigga fantasy?
That fine-ass skinny girl servin' burgers to a fat nigga like me
Oh
That's the fat nigga fantasy
Here's your ketchup4Embed