11 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolParadise II (Album Version) Lyrics
Ooh, ooh-ooh
Ooh, ooh-ooh
La-la-la, la-la, la-la-la

Cruisin' through the borderlands, catch a vibe
Fatherhood my hustle, nowadays I'm makin' music on the side
I confide in the page, weed smoke fill the air like sage
Thirty-two my age, I spot a couple grays
Feel my blood pressure raise
No longer are the days of my childhood
My priority nowadays is makin' sure my wife and my child good
Steppin' to me, I wish you would
Lord of the Rings, my bling shine like Elijah Wood (Ah-ah-ah)
Yeah, the lows be low, but the highs be good
Beneath the sheets like an Isley would
I pick up the mic, oh my God, he good
Retired and came back just like they thought he would (Uh-uh)
Feel it and face 'em (Uh-uh)
I'm tryna face it (Uh-uh), the rest is basic, uh (Uh-uh)
Ayo, I want you to play this (Uh-uh) and vibe in the ride (Uh-uh)
I'm finally happy with the man (Uh-uh) on the inside
Full of pride (Uh-uh), full of fear
Been a decade, but I'm here, seein' clear
Different motivations, no longer the people that's up in my ear (Ooh-ooh-ooh)
I woke up early on my born day like Nasir in '94 (Ah-ah-ah)
Three-hundred-sixty-five behind me now, plus one more
My physical frame made it beyond what they said it would
My debut album did better than Reddit said it would
Made it out the trap, but I got my gat, yeah, that's a fact
I'm runnin' it back, like, "What's up?"
From the cover of XXL to my moment of clarity (Ooh-ooh-ooh)
As I excel at Madison Square, I swear
The rap game will split your shit like an affair
Prepare for the worst
And this business shit can get grimy, got 'em all behind me
Come now, don't try me, 'cause I'm me, the God
Study bitches like I'm abroad
This is dad music, pick up the pen and know how to use it (Ah-ah-ah)
Plenty responsibility in me, know how to use it
Appreciative for what I got, 'cause people could lose it
Take these lyrics and use it (Ooh-ooh-ooh)
Take the heart on my sleeve and transfuse it
I'm bleeding as you listen to what I'm reading (Ooh-ooh-ooh)
No longer needing approval and feeding into the vision of the public
I'm above it, used to do it how they did it
'Cause I thought that's how you did it, now I do it 'cause I love it
I don't covet everything they got that I don't (Ooh-ooh-ooh)
You might also like
Let me out of the water
Let me into your sunny day
Let me out, out of the water
Let me into your sunny day
Get me out of this water
Let me into your sunny day
Get me out of this water
Let me into your sunny day
Stop tryna make it right
Gotta get it nice and light
Won't you take me for a ride?
Take me into paradise
Gotta keep our heads tonight
Even if it makes a fight
Take me into paradise
Here I am in paradise

Ah shit, we out of gas
Yo, I gotta pull up in this gas station right quick
Yo, I'll pump, y'all grab some jacks here
Did your fat ass just say get some snacks?
Hahaha, psych, nah, psych, nah
Yo, I said "jacks", nigga, fuck you
Man, I'm just playin' with you bro, I said "psych, nah"
Nah, nigga, you can't just be saying "psych, nah" like it's all fuckin' good
Aight man, damn
Ayy, nigga, I think this nigga really do need some snacks
Hahaha
Ayy!
What's up?
Lemme get some Cheetos
Ayy, d– ayy, Logic, look, shawty at the register kinda bad, you know what I'm sayin'?
Mm, God damn, hey girl, can I get a pack of Newports?
And some Cheetos
(Um, my name's not girl, it's Nikki)
Nah, nah, nah, you see my homie over there?
(Yeah?)
Well, he's a rapper and we got this show tonight
If you give me your number, I can put you on the VIP list
(That scrawny little white boy is a rapper? Haha, I'm good)
Come on Nikki, don't be that way, I was just tryna, you know
Everybody get your fuckin' hands up!
(Ahh!)
Open the register, bitch!
(Oh shit!)
I said "now", bitch! You wanna die today?
Oh shit, what the fuck, hey, hey, hey
You two, hands up!
Ayy, chill bro, chill, God damn, what the–
Put the money in the bag!
Ayy, Logic
What? What?
Ayy, nigga, get on your knees
What? What? No, I'm not gonna suck his dick, man
Nah, nah, nigga, get on your hands and knees and I'ma push him over you, nigga
Oh, ok, oh, alright, yeah
Yeah, bitch
Ayy, punk!
Fuck you say?
Logic!
Oh shit, yo, I'm good
Logic!
Nah, nah, nah, I'm good, yo, this fuckin'–
This dude shot himself in the head when he– when he fell down
Ayy, ayy, bro, you alright?
Yeah, I just– I just never seen a nigga's brains before
You haven't?
You have?
Yeah man, when I was like nine, I was just–
Yo, what the fuck happened? Y'all alright?
Yeah, yeah, yo, this dude he– he tried to rob the place and he– he–
(You saved me)
Ha, girl, you know it ain't no thing, I was just, you know
What? No, no, no, he ain't saved you bitch, we saved you
(How can I ever possibly repay you?)
You know, I was just doing what anybody woulda done for us
(I'll do anything)
Anything?
(Anything)
Shit, suck a nigga dick or some'Embed