13 ContributorsTranslationsEspañol38.9897 °N, 76.9378 °W Lyrics
Y'all youngsters don't know nothin' about Logic
Back in my day, motherfucker, he was that motherfuckin' nigga
It was Logic, Michael Jackson, Prince, James Brown
Logic be walkin' out on stage in a white blouse
With two tigers next to him and dolphins behind him

Overnight, we ain't make it overnight
I had plenty sober nights, why you think I sip at night?
O— O— Over— Overnight, we ain't make it overnight
I had plenty sober nights, why you think I sip at night?
Watch the Bic ignite, open up, bitch, I'm loaded up
Loaded up, what the fuck? Always in the cut, eyes never shut
Let the pen bleed, fuck the feed, hopin' they all remember me
Enemies, we all got 'em, only ones that are from the bottom
Who I love, place no one above, none above
If you was there when I was starvin', you can pull up to grub

Over— Overnight, we ain't make it overnight
I had plenty sober nights, why you think I sip at night?
Watch the Bic ignite, this life is not enough, you've really made it tough
This life is not enough, you've really made it tough

Can't say that I ain't never had doubts
I remember them days, it was trapped out
I remember them days, no place to stay
Fast forward, the crib got a back house
I remember them girls that went back out
Fast forward, I'm blowin' they back out
Fast forward, I'm throwin' these racks out
'Cause I know that I'ma get it back now, uh
From the cage to the stage
They don't know the songs, can tell by the way that they rage, uh
I'm faced by the shade they throwin'
I'm knowin' that no one can block the rays, uh
Through all of the years
The growin' kept goin', like, how are you not amazed?
Uh, through all of the years
Bein' broke as fuck, we finally got a break
Castro, Lenny, and Bobby, the energy godly
They lovin' the crew like it was the motley
6ix on the beat like he switch with Tommy
You might also like
Over— Overnight, we ain't make it overnight
I had plenty sober nights, why you think I sip at night?
Watch the Bic ignite, this life is not enough, you've really made it tough
This life is not enough, you've really made it tough (Uh)

Went from bein' around the block, bitch, to travelin' the planet
Took the treasure with the tragic, up and down, it's mathematics
Matthew C.P., never knew that we were makin' history
Just did it for the love, the future's such a mystery
Real all the time, be real to the grind
Never knew we'd make it through them dark days and shine, ha

Takin' it in, rakin' it in, money, we makin' again
Payin' the rent, now allow me to vent, now allow me to vent
Now allow me to light this straight, but shit can get so bad
Like time and space, feelin' interstellar, feelin' high as a propeller
Like I'm in a novella, like I am in a screen
I'm ready to scream, feel like I'm in between this world
And the next, it's so complex
I'm talkin' 'bout virtual space, I know my lyrics is all over the place
I'm writin' my raps in a different way, from back in the day, not—

Overnight, we ain't make it overnight
I had plenty sober nights, why you think I sip at night?
O— O— Over— Overnight, we ain't make it overnight
I had plenty sober nights, why you think I sip at night?
Watch the Bic ignite, open up, bitch, I'm loaded up
Loaded up, what the fuck? Always in the cut, eyes never shut
Let the pen bleed, fuck the feed, hopin' they all remember me
Enemies, we all got 'em, only ones that are from the bottom
Who I love, place no one above, none above
If you was there when I was starvin', you can pull up to grub
Damn, it's cold as shit
Where are we goin' in from?
Boss said he'd let us in through this door
Well, where is he?
He knows we're here, so he should come out any second
You boys ready?
Hell, yeah
(What's up, fellas, how y'all doin'?)
Hey, Boss, man, how you doin'? (What up, Boss? Hey, yo, what up, Boss?)
(Alright, GRVTY's got the camera set up)
(And everybody's good to go, y'all ready?)
Man, hell, yeah
(Alright, the stage is literally to the right of this door)
(So I'll go in and announce you, here's your mic)
Thanks a lot, bro
(Ayy, you alright, bro?)
Yeah, nah, I'm just— I'm just nervous, and still a little high
But I'm fuckin' hyped, man, this is gonna be crazy
(Alright, it's go time, baby, let's do this)
Yo, Logic, you got this shit, kill that shit
Yo, it's fuckin' crackin' in here
Man, that bitch is bad as shit
(Alright, y'all, the moment is finally here)
(They call me DJBossPlayer)
(If you came out here to turn up)
(Make some motherfuckin' noise right now)
(So, now, without further ado)
(I want y'all to make some motherfuckin' noise)
(For the spitter from Gaithersburg, Maryland)
(Make some noise for my boy, Logic)2Embed