8 ContributorsSucka for Love Lyrics
Doing me like you do, cause I know that's what you do (x 5)

Never been a sucker for love
So if it come down to you and me you know
I don’t give a fuck, hit the next bitch like wassup
Cause at the end of the day
You ain’t never been nothing but a nut
I ain’t never been a sucker for love
So if it come down to you and me you know
I don’t give a fuck, hit the next bitch like wassup
Cause at the end of the day
You ain’t never been nothing but a nut

Listen boo, you’s a bitch, you been a bitch
You know how niggas do
Run up in a bitch, fuck her well
And the bitch, you call them bitches
But then in a week or 2, fucking all them bitches
A nigga gotta fall back and take a breather
Shorty suck a mean dick but in the morning
Gotta leave her, wasn't trying to deceive her
I just wanted my dick sucked
She cute as a motherfucker
And she got a big butt
Now I'm like, what do I do from here
Cause she’s acting like she ain’t trying go nowhere
I ain't really trying to get attached to this bitch
Shit it's friday, I just want some ass in the bitch
Can’t be mad at me, I'm just doing what niggas do
Got kids by him, and you wanna be a nigga's boo? What!? Really!?
Oh you think it’s like that?
Ok! I’ll be right back
You might also like
I ain't never been a sucker for love
So if it come down to you and me you know
I don’t give a fuck, hit the next bitch like "wassup?"
Cause at the end of the day
You ain’t never been nothing but a nut
I ain’t never been a sucker for love
So if it come down to you and me you know
S don’t give a fuck, hit the next bitch like "wassup?"
Cause at the end of the day
You ain’t never been nothing but a nut

It was summer time, I was in the slumps
Seen that chick from before, I was like wassup
Remember me? I was that kid
It was you, her and me, we just did what we did
How you expect me to respect you
When I know a police file of other niggas that you gave your sex to
I ain’t never been a sucker, so if you think so
You got the wrong motherfucker
What’s my name? Ah ah, bitch! What’s my name?
You know what the fuck it is
I’m a real nigga, that’s gonna handle his

I like the way you beat hits, oooh, that's that street shhh
Shorty can you keep a secret? ("Yes...")
You know what I’m trying to creep with
Come on, cars outside, hotels up the block
Jump in the ride, you and me for the rest of the night
It’s all good, click, ("Turn off the lights")
Back it up like that girl, ooh, that ass fat girl
We almost there baby, oh shit yeah baby!
3Embed