15 ContributorsI’m Back Lyrics
"Yeahhhhhhh, yeah-yeah" (let these motherfuckers know!)

"I'm back! To hold you" (uh, uh, uh, uh, let 'em know!)
"I'm back! To hold you" (uh, uh, uh, uh, let 'em know!)
"I'm back! To hold you" (uh, uh, uh, then give it to me like!)
"Yeahhhhhhh, yeah-yeah"
"I'm back!"

I flip through the tracks to get to the wax
Let these fucking cowards know I ain't slipped through the cracks
Dog back on the scene making a bunch of noise
You're a grown man, came to break boys
Man these niggas is toys but I don't play with 'em
So if you got guerrillas with guns, stay with 'em
Motherfucker we bang for war, we don't keep those things in drawers
When it rains it pours
Cold blooded killers, the murderers is senseless
To ID, we'll need forensics, or a dentist
Fuck with D.O.G and you will be
Straight up, D.O.A so R.I.P
Real niggas slip, but bounce right back
Went from an ounce to a brick like that
Camera's always on so nigga might act
Like they wanna fight, 'til I fight back
I'm back!
You might also like
"To hold you" (uh, uh, uh, uh, let 'em know!)
"I'm back! To hold you" (uh, uh, uh, uh, let 'em know!)
"I'm back! To hold you" (uh, uh, uh, then give it to me like!)
"Yeahhhhhhh, yeah-yeah"
"I'm back!"

Scratch you to death, I'm a go getter
The rounds going, download more to Twitter
Slugs big as my finger collect 4 on your vest
And we'll still be able to play connect 4 on your chest
Or I could hit 'em in the mouth and make this bastard taste
Nothing but lead, told you I'm a basket case
You call me acid face
I spit lava, you better off smacking your father, don't bother
We're career criminals; we rob niggas
Double R for life, we mob niggas
Bitch niggas do what you do -- suck a dick
Fucking faggot, you've been off some sucker shit
Back up in your face "up in your grill"
Getting back up in that lab with a license to kill
Tell your mans and them to chill, if they don't want what you got
They thought they was fuckin with a gangsta but you not!

"I'm back! To hold you" (uh, uh, uh, uh, let 'em know!)
"I'm back! To hold you" (uh, uh, uh, uh, let 'em know!)
"I'm back! To hold you" (uh, uh, uh, then give it to me like!)
"Yeahhhhhhh, yeah-yeah"
"I'm back!"7Embed