171 ContributorsRain Man Lyrics
Yeah
Definitely, definitely
Definitely dope
Definitely
Definitely K-Mart
Yeah
Yeah (*Fart*)

You find me offensive, I find you offensive
For finding me offensive, hence, if
I should draw the line any fences, if so, to what extents, if
Any, should I go? 'Cause it's getting expensive
Being on the other side of the courtroom on the defensive
They say I cause extensive psychological nerve damage to the brain
When I go to lengths this far at other people's expenses
I say you're all just too goddamn sensitive
It's censorship, and it's downright blasphemous
Let's end this shit now, 'cause I won't stand for this
And Christopher Reeves won't sit for this neither
And let's clear this up too, I ain't got no beef with him either
He used to be like a hero to me, I even believe I
Had one of those 25-cent stickers on my refri-gerator
Right next to Darth Vader
And Darth must've put a hex on him for later
I feel like it's my fault, 'cause of the way that
I stuck him up in between him and Lex Luthor
I killed Superman, I killed Super—
Man, and how ironic
That I'd be the bad guy, kryptonite, the green chronic
You might also like
'Cause I ain't got no legs
Or no brain
Nice to meet you
Hi, my name is
I forgot my name
My aim was not to become what I became with this level of fame
My soul is possessed by this devil
My new name is... Rain Man
Now in the Bible, it says:
"Thou shalt not watch two lesbians in bed
Have homosexual sex
Unless, of course, you were given the consent to join in
Then, of course, it's intercourse, and it's bisexual sex
Which isn't as bad
'Long as you show some remorse for your actions
Either before, during, or after
Performing the act of that which
Is normally referred to as such more commonly known phrases
That are more used by today's kids in a more derogatory way
But who's to say what's fair to say and what not to say?"
Let's ask Dr. Dre—Dr. Dre? (What up?)
I got a question, if I may (Yeah)
Is it gay to play putt-putt golf with a friend? (Yeah)
And watch his butt-butt when he tees off? (Yeah)
But up, I ain't done yet
In football, the quarterback yells out, "Hut-hut"
While he reaches in another grown man's ass
Grabs on his nuts, but, just, what if
It was never meant—it was just an accident
But he tripped, fell, slipped, and his penis went in—
His teeny-tiny, little, round heinie, and he didn't mean it
But his little weenie flinched just a little bit
And I don't need to go into any more details, but
What if he pictured it as a female's butt?
Is that gay? I just need to clear things up
'Til then, I'll just walk around with a manly strut, because
'Cause I ain't got no legs
Or no brain
Nice to meet you
Hi, my name is
I forgot my name
My aim was not to become what I became with this level of fame
My soul is possessed by this devil
My new name is... Rain Man
You find me offensive, I find you offensive—
Shit, this is the same verse, I just did this
When am I gonna come to my good senses?
Probably the day Bush comes to my defenses
My spider sense is telling me Spider-Man is nearby
And my plan is to get him next and
Open up a whoop-ass canister
God damn it, Dre, where's the goddamn beat? (Yeah)
Anyway, anyway, I don't know how else to put it
This is the only thing that I'm good at
I am the bad guy, kryptonite, the green chronic
Demonic—yup, yup, don't worry, I'm on it
I got it, high-five Nick Lachey
Stuck a pin in Jessica's head and walked away (*Pfffffff*)
And as she flew around the room like a balloon, I
Grabbed the last can of chicken tuna out the trash can, and zoom, I
Headed straight back to the Neverland Ranch
With a peanut butter-jelly-chicken-tuna sandwich
And I ain't even gotta make no goddamn sense
I just did a whole song, and I didn't say shit
'Cause I ain't got no legs
Or no brain
Nice to meet you
Hi, my name is
I forgot my name
My aim was not to become what I became
With this level of fame
My soul is possessed by this devil
My new name is... Rain Man
'Cause ah, uh, ah, eh, ugh...
Yup, Rain Man
Definitely, definitely Dr. Dre
Super-dope beatmaker
2000 and, 2000 and
Four-hundred-and-eighty-seven-million-nine-hundred-and-se-
-Seventy-three-thousand-four-hundred-and-sixty-three...
And seventy
Yeah70Embed