11 ContributorsWe Don’t Care (Reprise) Lyrics
394 is not available. At the tone, please re—
Please enter your password
You have no unheard messages
First skipped message
Hi—
Message skipped
Next message.
Hey, what up, this is—
Message skipped
Next message.
Um, I just wanna know why, um, my food stamps have not come as of yet, and um...
In addition to the food stamps, uh, the cheese and butter was, uh, supposedly or more specifically was to be delivered to me for the holidays, and um...
If you could check in the damned there items and get back with me, it would be most greatly, preciously, hospitably appreciated
Talk to you later, bye.
End of message. To er—
Message erased
Next message.

Drug dealin' just to get by
Stack ya' money 'til it get sky high
We wasn't s'posed to make it past 25
Joke's on you, we still alive
Throw your hands up in the sky and say:
"We don't care what people say"
Drug dealin' just to get by
Stack ya' money 'til it get sky high
We wasn't s'posed to make it past 25
Joke's on you, we still alive
Throw your hands up in the sky and say:
"We don't care what people say"
Hey Kanye, this is your cousin Kim
I just wanted to call ya and congratulate you on this CD, it's hot!
Especially that song “Drug Dealing”
You know, I've been a social worker for 10 years
I've been paying people's lights, rents, mortgage
You talkin' 'bout people paying shine on $6.55 an hour;
People can't pay their rent for $6.55 an hour
So, it just... It's just really difficult to truly understand what these people are going through
You know, and people are human
They wanna look good, they wanna take pride at how they look, they wanna take pride at what they do
The other part that really hit home for me is that people borrow other people's kids and put it on their income tax
A lot of times, what they're doing with that money is finding another place to live because the place that they live in
The toilet's overflowing or the roof is caving in and the landlord doesn't care- Landlord doesn't care enough to come in and fix those things and make sure that the people have a safe environment to live in
So, they borrow somebody else's kid, so that maybe they can get a car so they can get back and forth to work, 'cause you know, in the hood, the best paying job ain't always next to yo house, it's not within walking distance. ('til it get sky high)
So you have to take 20 buses to get back and forth;
You have to spend a lot more money than what you have just on transportation, then you get paid on the job
So, maybe they might buy a car,  maybe they might buy shoes for their kids.... You know, and the drug dealing is just supplementary of all of that, I mean like I said, I don't condone it, but I definitely got hugs for my thugs, you know
Tryna' get out there makin' and the only thing that I can ask is once they stack the money 'til it get sky high is that they try to do something positive with it...
That they try to send their kids to school...
That they try to make a difference

Next messageEmbed