67 ContributorsTranslationsРусскийEspañolThat Fiya Lyrics
Jump off the porch with that fire (Blam), jump off the porch with that fire (Blam)
Jump off the porch with that fire, jump off the porch with that fire (Woo)
Jump off the porch with that fire (Woo), jump off the porch with that fire (Woo)
Jump off the porch with that fire (Woo), jump off the porch with that fire (Woo)

.44 on my body, bitch, this shit, it hit like (.44 on my body)
Ha, ah (What? What?)
.44 on my body (What?), ha
.44 on my body, ah, .44 on my—

I'm just out my body (Yeah)
She got a big body, call her a Benz (Brrt)
Money long, my commas, damn (Ha, what? What?)
If you shoppin’ at Wafi, damn (What?)
I don't do Wafi 'cause the shit don’t dance (Eliantte)
You know how hard— (Yeah)
You know how hard it is to fuck in a Lamb'
I been in this shit for a while
Money stretched out for a mile
Trappin' and work in my bio
Get money, in love with my side ho
Lil Uzi Vert is a psycho
I'm a Blood, then that bitch chain gone
My niggas spin shit like a vinyl, I know
.44 on my body, bitch, this shit, it hit like ha, ah (What? What? What?)
I don't wear Suprеme, but if I indulge you know I only wear Gorе-Tex
Get money, drugs, what else? More sex (Woo, woah)
If that lil' bitch not a city girl then I swear that shit is borin' (She's too borin’)
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine (Yes)
What you tryin’? (You tryin' what?)
Fuck nigga don’t never wanna play
Got a nigga killed with a baby trey-eight
Why the fuck you gangbangin'? (Baow, baow, baow, baow, baow, baow, baow, baow) Get hit (Bitch)
You might also like
Jump off the porch with that fire (Blam), jump off the porch with that fire (Blam)
Jump off the porch with that fire (Blam), jump off the porch with that fire (Yeah)
Jump off the porch with that fire (Yeah), jump off the porch with that fire (Yeah)
Jump off the porch with that fire (Yeah), jump off the porch with that fire (Yeah)

.44 on my body, bitch, this shit, it hit like
Ha, ah (What? What? What?)
Ha, ah

(Jump off the porch with that fire, jump off the porch with that fire) .44 on my body, bitch, this shit, it hit like
(Jump off the porch with that fire, jump off the porch with that fire) Ha, ah (What? What? What?)
(Jump off the porch with that fire, jump off the porch with that fire) Ha, ah
(Jump off the porch with that fire, jump off the porch with that fire)2Embed