414 ContributorsTranslationsEnglishNederlandsPortuguêsEspañolSvenskaPoetic Justice Lyrics
Every second, every minute, man, I swear that she can get it
Say, if you a bad bitch, put your hands up high
Hands up high, hands up high
Tell 'em dim the lights down right now, put me in the mood
I'm talkin' 'bout dark room, perfume
Go, go

I recognize your fragrance, hol' up, you ain't never gotta say shit, uh
And I know your taste is a little bit, mmm, high maintenance, uh
Everybody else basic, you live life on an everyday basis
With poetic justice, poetic justice
If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room, would you trust it?
I mean, I write poems in these songs dedicated to you when
You're in the mood for empathy, there's blood in my pen
Better yet, where your friends and 'em? I really wanna know you all
I really wanna show you off, fuck that, pour up plenty
Of champagne, cold nights when you curse this name
You called up your girlfriends and y'all curled in that little bitty Range, I heard that
She wanna go and party, she wanna go and party
Nigga, don't approach her with that Atari, nigga, that ain't good game, homie, sorry
They say conversation rule a nation, I can tell
But I could never right my wrongs 'less I write it down for real, PS

Anytime
You can get it, you can get it, you can get it, you can get it
And I know just, know just, know just, know just, know just what you want
Poetic justice, put it in a song, alright
Anytime
You can get it, you can get it, you can get it, you can get it
And I know just, know just, know just, know just, know just what you want
Poetic justice, put it in a song, alright
You might also like
I really hope you play this 'cause, oh, girl, you test my patience
With all these seductive photographs and all these one-off vacations
You've been takin', clearly a lot for me to take in, it don't make sense
Young East African girl, you too busy fuckin' witcha other man
I was tryna put you on game, put you on a plane, take you and your momma to the motherland, I could do it
Maybe one day when you figure out you're gonna need someone
When you figure out it's alright here in the city and you don't run from where we come from
That sound like poetic justice, poetic justice
You were so new to this life, but goddamn, you got adjusted
I mean, I write poems in these songs, dedicated to the fun sex
Your natural hair and your soft skin and your big ass in that sundress, ooh
Good God, what you doin' that walk for?
When I see that thing move, I just wish we would fight less and we would talk more
They say communication save relations, I can tell
But I can never right my wrongs unless I write 'em down for real, PS

Anytime
You can get it, you can get it, you can get it, you can get it
And I know just, know just, know just, know just, know just what you want
Poetic justice, put it in a song, alright
Anytime
You can get it, you can get it, you can get it, you can get it
And I know just, know just, know just, know just, know just what you want
Poetic justice, put it in a song, alright
Every time I write these words they become a taboo
Makin' sure my punctuation curve, every letter here's true
Livin' my life in the margin and that metaphor was proof, I'm talkin'
Poetic justice, poetic justice
If I told you that a flower bloomed in a dark room, would you trust it?
I mean, you need to hear this, love is not just a verb
It's you lookin' in the mirror, love is not just a verb
It's you lookin' for it, maybe, call me crazy, we can both be insane
A fatal attraction is common, and what we have common is pain
I mean, you need to hear this, love is not just a verb
And I can see power steerin', sex drive when you swerve
I want that interference, it's coherent, I can hear it, mhmm
That's your heartbeat, it either caught me or it called me, mhmm
Read slow and you'll find gold mines in these lines
Sincerely, yours truly, and right before you go blind, PS

Anytime
You can get it, you can get it, you can get it, you can get it
And I know just, know just, know just, know just, know just what you want
Poetic justice, put it in a song
"I'm gon' ask you one more time, homie
Where is you from? Or it is a problem."
"Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy, ask him if he heard from Sherane
Ayy, you out here for Sherane, homie?""
"I don't care who this nigga over here for
If he don't tell me where he from, it's a wrap! I'm sorry."
"Hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, we gon' do it like this, okay?
I'ma tell you where I'm from, okay?
You gon' tell me where you from, okay?
Or, or, or where your grandma stay
Where your mama stay, or where your daddy stay, okay?"
"Fuck all this talkin'."
"Matter of fact, get out the van, homie! Get out the car 'fore I snatch you out that motherfucker, homie!"
413Embed