7 ContributorsMarried with Millions Lyrics
Huh
Yeah
Brrah
(Once again, I'm locked in with TP, we finna make a hit)
Go

I'm married with millions (Huh), I'm married with millions (Huh?)
I'm married with millions (Huh?), I'm married with millions (Wop)
Said fuck an entourage, it's 'bout my wife and children
They said, "Guwop, where you been?" Been tryna stack a billion (Huh)
I'm married with millions, I'm married with millions (Yeah)
I'm married with millions, I'm married with millions (Yeah)
My house so goddamn big, this shit look like a building (Huh)
They like, "Guwop, where you been?" I been wheelin' and dealin' (Go)

This a lowdown dirty industry, it's full of envy (Hate)
Niggas wearin' costumes, they ain't who they pretendin' (Fake)
Remember when I first got hot, niggas tried to befriend me (Hot, hot, hot)
I had one bad episode and they held it against me (Well, damn)
Had a real close friend, found out he was snitchin' (Wow)
I didn't really give a fuck, it was none of my business (Give a fuck)
Nigga took the stand on me and got me convicted
Talkin' 'bout aggravated assault, some shit 'bout a pool stick (Wop)
Champagne bottle 'cross the head and they blamin' the convict
Why they always bring my name up whenever it's conflict? (Wop)
Say I threw her out the what? Them people was lyin'
When the judge gon' believe me? When pistol flyin'?
You might also like
I'm married with millions, I'm married with millions (Huh)
I'm married with millions, I'm married with millions (Yeah)
Said fuck an entourage, it's 'bout my wife and children (Fuck 'em)
They said, "Guwop, where you been?" Been tryna stack a billion (Cha-ching)
I'm married with millions (Wow), I'm married with millions (Woah)
I'm married with millions (Huh?), I'm married with millions (Well, damn)
My house so goddamn big, this shit look like a building (It's big)
They like, "Guwop, where you been?" I been wheelin' and dealin'

Main priority right now is just ice and Iceland (Ice)
I remember in '06, I had the icy Breitling (Brr)
Had a fistfight in Rice Street, them boys was knifin' (Knife)
Just freed my homeboy Ralph, that boy had life, man (Woah)
Free my nigga Grant quick, he doin' a life (Life)
Free my nigga Tame too, he gave me advice (Free him)
Said, "Be thankful for your kids and thankful for your wife" (Mwah)
"You done did it once, so get out there and do it twice" (Go)
Exotic coupes with features and exotic beaches (Wow)
I do it for the fam, I cut off all the leeches (Facts)
The streets taught me a lot, it was my greatest teacher (Woah)
I'm not the best role model, I am not a preacher (Guwop)

I'm married with millions, I'm married with millions (Huh)
I'm married with millions, I'm married with millions (Yeah)
Said fuck an entourage, it's 'bout my wife and children (Fuck 'em)
They said, "Guwop, where you been?" Been tryna stack a billion (Cha-ching)
I'm married with millions (Wow), I'm married with millions (Woah)
I'm married with millions (Huh?), I'm married with millions (Well, damn)
My house so god damn big, this shit look like a building (It's big)
They like, "Guwop, where you been?" I been wheelin' and dealin'1Embed