15 ContributorsA Night In The Studio Lyrics
Ayo, Josh
Ayo, where the fuck you at, man?
What you mean you on your way, yo?
Our session was at nine, it's fuckin' eleven
I'm out here blowed, smokin L's, waitin' for your ass
I don't even think I got—
Oh no, I definitely still got some weed for the lab
But still, when you gon' be here?
Soon? Motherfucker, how soo—oh, there you are right now
Ayo, what's good, bruh?
This is a DJ Haze exclusive (Hello?)
Ayo, what's good, bruh?
Shit, chillin'
Yeah, I'm tryin' to go to the studio or whatever
Yeah, I got shit to drop, motherfucker
I always got shit to drop, damn
Aight, you'll meet me there? Aight

I woke up, scratched my nuts, rolled a Swisher on the shitter, ha
Got blowed, then I light me up a cigarette
The coolest flow,  movie role
Now I'm tryna head up to the lab
I headed to the studio, open the door
Say, "What's up?" to everybody who was posted before
I'm 'bout to record, they know I'm smokin', of course
Blow some haze in the air, pull out my notebook
Then I head up to the booth, load the beat off my email
Phone on silent, ignorin' calls from females
My man Josh sit down, get the tempo
Put on my headphones, aight, let's go (Do it)
I let go, intro of the beat's startin'
Say a couple words, try not to be retarded, ha
'Cause I'm a goofy dude doin' what I choose to do
Eatin' tracks up like some snacks, call me Scooby-Doo
Now the beat about to drop, verse one
It's like a war when the soldier pull the first gun
Everything blank, it's me and the mic
I don't read a lot, so I try and see what I write (Visualize)
Visualize the melody, hypnotize
Everybody watchin', I hope they ain't blink they eyes
'Cause you don't wanna miss a fuckin' second when I'm catchin' wreck
I be in the booth goin' off, try and catch my breath
Couple more bars, couple seconds left
Killin' 'em softly, takin' extra steps
They never guessed I'd be murderin' and blessin'
Aight, the first done, but before we start the second
We gotta do mad shit, doubles and ad-libs
And Josh make it sound like magic
He a old school genius with the Pro Tools
Try and school me on everything that the pros do
I tell him that he needs to think it in the book
But for now we makin' guap, just singin' on some hooks
So I don't worry 'bout the chorus, the track got a hook on it
And my verses with that, they sound good on it (Uh-huh)
Now I do a second, maybe do a third
If I'm in the mood to go crazy with my words (Yeah)
I take a little break, got some haze to burn
The cats sittin' outside can wait they turn (Wait, bitch)
We makin' classics in the session, mom's askin' me these questions
"When you comin' home? You got school" Ha, nah, I'm suspended
After this track done, burn the last blunt, smokin' good
Payin' for my time with stolen goods
Say peace to whoever, outside it's dark
I'm blowed and can't find where the fuck I parked
So I beep the car, oh, there it is
Let's go ahead and dip, hop in the whip, light a cigarette and sit
Got a ride home ahead of us, slumped in the back
Tell my mans with the whip to bump on my track
I'm tryna ride out, and I'm high now
I'm outYou might also likeEmbed