37 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolAbracadabra Lyrics
I wanna hear the new shit
Lil', a lil' somethin'
I feel a lot of hate since I've been creatin' with Hit
I'm feelin' a lot of the hate since I've been creatin' with Hit
I gotta say what it is, say what it is
It's comin' in (Ayy)

They gonna try me, they on my body, no Illuminati (No Illuminati)
No way to describe me, no other word, other than godly (Godly)
I run it back to back to back to back, ain't no one beside me (No)
I'm doin' 'em grimy, yeah, I don't know what got inside me, yeah (Yeah)

Durag energy, I'm on a wave, you niggas cap
Give you the shakes like "Faces of Death" tapes when that lady got hit on the track
I'm seein' black so I gotta black, the magic is Black (Magic is Black)
What generation don't listen to Nas, don't listen to rap (Listen to rap)
Spit on my platinum plaques, they probably spit on my grave, for real
I split 'em like Puff and Ma$e for real 'cause I got a budget to waste, for real
Hit-Boy on the drum and the bass (Bass), nobody jump on the stage
R.I.P. Trouble, but niggas is actin' like they want some trouble today (Let's go)

I'ma say what it is, I'm the one takin' the risk (Takin' the risk)
Y'all creatin' the hate, but I be creatin' with Hit (Hit)
Ain't no way we could miss (No), ain't no way we could miss (No)
Ain't no way we could miss (Yo!), can't put a grade on my shit (Yo!)
You might also like
Y'all should be ashamed of y'all list (A plus), I put some pain into this
I put my veins, blood, bones, soul, I put my brain into this
Y'all movin' brainless, anything to be famous (Cadence)
I'm a magician, you should listen, it's never the same tricks
2020 when we did the first one (Yo), five-album run, not a cursed one, it's a blessed one
By the time y'all hear this (Yeah), we be halfway through the next one
Bless up (Bless up), all the rappers we lost, I'm hopin' they rest up
Back to my roots like Questlove, still avoidin' the extras
What will they say today? I came from carryin' crates (Carryin' crates)
To chargin' various states, I'm doin' what's never been done to this day (Done to this day)
Even the great can be on a plate, nobody safe
Abracadabra, saw 'em in half and then reattach 'em, I'm doin' magic
Can you escape?

I gotta say what it is, I been the one takin' the risk (Takin' the risk)
Y'all creatin' the hate, but I be creatin' with Hit (What up?)
Ain't no way we could miss (Nah), ain't no way we could miss (Yo!)
Ain't no way we could miss (Yo!), can't put a grade on my shit (Oh!)

They gonna try me, they on my body, no illuminati (Illuminati)
Killin' 'em easy, God, I'm doin' this thing as a hobby
I'm runnin' it back to back to back to back, ain't no one beside me (No)
I'm doin' 'em grimy, yeah, I don't know what got inside me, yeah (Yeah, yeah)
Yo, Hit, can you believe this?
You are doing juju
Abracadabra niggas, hahahahaha
And you know what I'm talkin' about, man
He's fightin' people
You know we've been fightin' four-hundred and still fightin' to this day!
To this day, to this day!
You gon' just sit here and you don't know what I'm talkin' about?2Embed