1 ContributorTequila Sunrise (Single Version) Lyrics
Pa la salud!
Pa la salud!
Primero yo...
Primero usted...
Tequila style, homie

Down for my barrio, enter mi villa
Tha Hill Cartel,  takin' over your area
Makin' mad queso down, en Mexico
Where the sun burns hot and goes down slow
Got my clientele, so everythin' is well
Got a villa in the mountains, with the big spanish bill
And let it be know, that I'm down for tha tranza!
The brown Robin Hood, lookin' out for tha raza
See me in my ranfla, I'm straight bala proof
A conquistador, con crane on the loot
Try to pull a swoop but I got my soldados
Tha soul asesinos vienen preparados
Tha rappers desperados, with the foot on the throttle
You know what we say, "get the money, hit the model!"
Get the cash, make the dash, callin' my hermano
We all get drunk down with the red-gusano!

Tequila Sunrise, bloodshot eyes
Realize we're all born to die
So get the money
You might also like
I never knew money like this, in the palm of my hand
'Til I met the man with mad hook-up, and big plan
Every where you look'a, he got everybody shook up
Running for cover, the big bad WOOF, run for cover
He was like a father figure, show me, the bigger picture
Never slangin' on the corner, don't let the pigs get you
Not like these fools who don't comprehend
You end up doing a twenty-five bid in the pen
You got that? Getting your cup, I took a swig
The bitter taste of the 'mezcal', free worm shhh
Droppin' a lesson, he slapped my face, he said listen
"Pay attention brotha, you're my ace, but don't ever question"
"Just do what I say, and you'll be rich"
"And keep this in your mind: rats lay in a ditch with no spine"
"Don't ever forget that golden rule in the game"
"Cheers, they all know your name, it's like fame"
"Why, women and money don't mix, like drinking an' driving"
"Watch those conniving women and keep your eye out"
"Always be aware of what's around you"
"They wanna down you, and they clown you"
"Keep your shhh in order the money won't stop"
"Pretty soon you'll be on top"

Tequila Sunrise, bloodshot eyes
Realize we're all born to die
So get the money
Tequila Sunrise, with the bloodshot eyes
My, my, my, how time flies and goes by surprise
My mentor passed on and passed a warn to me, emergency
For my enemies who wanna murder me
Eat the worm, little brotha, while you burn, you sucka
Better kill me, don't let me return, mother-
Trust no man, cause I'll be back, you understand?
With a plan, and my ace in hand, I want it all
I recall the words from Jesus, you are the Juice
Better go get it, don't let it get to your head, embed it
Let these words stick, you better be ready to die
Now take of a sip, caution it, but I never lie

Tequila Sunrise, bloodshot eyes
Realize we're all born to die
So get the money

Tequila...
Eat tha worm ese... eat tha shhh!
Allways quieren ese...
Es como Coahuila homie...Embed