114 ContributorsTranslationsEspañolPortuguêsEnglishWhat Would Pluto Do Lyrics
Damn, okay (Yeah)
I been out the way in a cut, it's been a minute (Been a minute)
Workin' on a album, now it's finished
Last time I saw her, she was fuckin' with my nigga
So the question is, the question is (Yeah)
What would Pluto do? He'd fuck the ho, so I did it (Yeah, yeah)
What would Pluto do? He'd fuck the ho, so I did it (Yeah, yeah)
What would Pluto do? He definitely fuckin' on this ho, ayy
Wigglin' back into my old ways, ayy
Bunch of sedatives, hypnotics in my system, okay
Life is goin' just how I predicted, okay
Droppin' two Cialis in a liquid, okay
I ain't got a strap, I gotta risk it, okay
Baby girl, Adonis need a sister, okay
And my baby mama out the picture, okay
Think I'm 'Luminati 'cause I'm rich, well, okay

Diamonds in the sky
Put your face down, ass in the air
Two cups up, ayy, bussin' off pill
Keep our shit trill, crack a new seal
New Rolls, bought it for the thrill
Too lazy to even change out the wheel
Yeah, thought they knew my body, guess they don't
Thought they knew my body, guess they don't, ayy
Thought they knew my body, guess they
Ayy, guess they don't
You might also like
I'm geekin' off of my pride (Yeah, yeah)
Lost my Sprite deal 'cause Wayne kept pourin' fives
You know I'm beefin' with much older guys (Much older guys)
'Fore I catch up with them, then probably
Ayy, what, R.I.P. them fuck niggas (Damn, what)
What, really hate a rap nigga
Let's not even talk about them fuck niggas, fuck them
Hit my line talkin' 'bout what's up, well, what's up then?
Last time I saw you, you was talkin' about reduction
Lookin' at you now, I see you ain't get rid of
Lookin' at you now, I see you ain't get rid of nothin'
Where you get that jeans from? Who sewed the buttons?
'Cause that shit still poppin' out the front and the back
That shit still poppin' out the, damn
That shit came poppin' out them jeans like a ghost
Girl, you gotta pop that on me like a Coke
Swear I wanna crack behind your back like a joke
Swear I wanna lift you up high like your hopes
Swear I wanna tear your box out like a coach
Get inside and bend a dick just like the pope (Mm)
Girl, you got me beggin' for a ten like I'm broke (Slatt)
Girl, I want us hangin' in the summer like a coat
Girl, I wanna slide in your box like a vote
Tryna have you comin' out your shell like the yolk (Ooh)
But I heard that you fuckin' with a nigga that I know (Okay, so?)
Damn, okay ('Kay)
I been out the way in a cut, it's been a minute (Been a minute)
Workin' on a album, now it's finished (Yeah, it's done)
Last time I saw her, she was fuckin' with my nigga
So the question is (Yeah), the question is (Yeah)
What would Pluto do? He'd fuck the ho, so I did it (Yeah, yeah)
What would Pluto do? He'd fuck the ho, so I did it (Yeah, yeah)
What would Pluto do? He definitely fuckin' on this ho

(Yeah, yeah)4Embed