3 ContributorsA message from my younger self LyricsIt's Logic. It's like, what's today's date? It is June 13, 2011. Um, I just thought I'd just make a quick little video or whatever just to say hello to everybody and thank you so much for your support, like, it just means so much to know that, you know, that there's people out there that love my music and my words and it's tight. It's a great feeling. So thank you first and foremost. And um, you know it's been a good-a good transformation into the young man that I've become and I'm still, you know, becoming that man that-that I hope to be one day. I guess this is more or less a letter to everybody in my position or the position I was in. Just to never stop what you're doing. Always do what you love, and-and do it for yoursеlf. But if it's something that is self-less, always rеmember to do it for the people, you know. And that's why I make the music that I make. I make it for you, whoever you are. I make it for you so that if you're in a good mood, it-it makes that mood much, much more happy. If you're in a bad mood, or a sad mood, or you're angry, or you're anything, you can-you can go to either of these songs and listen to it and understand and know "Hey, even he's been there before. Let's see how he got through it, you know." And I just-I appreciate it. And I'm looking forward to so much and I have a lot in store and I can't wait and don't even know why I'm doing this myself. I think it also deep down, it'll-it'll be really be good to reflect, you know, of where I once was when I'm in the future and be able to just make sure that hopefully I'm still as humble as possible and hardworking and that my work ethic is still there. It's good to reflect, so. Kind of like the calm before the storm, you know. Like I know there's a lot of things that are gonna happen. Some things are gonna happen like this. Other things that I want more are gonna happen over time but it's all worth it. And it's also that so when it does happen I'm mature enough mentally and prepared and ready for it and-and it's exciting. And uh, and I'm happy. So, everybody repping that Ratt Pack keep repping that Ratt Pack. I don't really know what else to say. But, thank you for supporting. Please keep supporting. I promise to make the music that I wanna make. And I'll always make the music I wanna make from hardcore gritty sounding shit to pop shit because I enjoy making music. And I'ma make what I'ma make. If you don't like it, go make your own music, motherfucker. Sike, anyway. Thank you for your support and your time. And I know this is a long video. You might be like "Why the fuck is he making this long video?" But it's just 'cause it's like three in the morning. And I just want you to know how much I appreciate all your help. So thank you very much, please keep listening and I promise there's a lot in store. So adiosYou might also likeEmbed