108 ContributorsTranslationsРусскийDeutschEspañolPortuguêsFear Of Heights Lyrics
Ayy, ayy, look
Why they make it sound like I'm still hung up on you?
That could never be
Gyal can't run me
Better him than me
Better it's not me
I'm anti, I'm anti
Yeah, and the sex was average with you
Yeah, I'm anti 'cause I had it with you
Okay, I'm auntie like your daddy's sister
Auntie like a family picture
And I had way badder bitches than you, TBH
Yeah, that man, he still with you, he can't leave you
Y'all go on vacation, I bet it's Antigua

Let me stop
You know what? Fuck it, let me go


What? Ayy, what? Ayy, what? Ayy
Girl, you make me wanna cuff you like the law, huh
Girl, you makе me wanna work you like the job, ayy
I know you a cat, but can your pussy do thе dog?
You might also like
Let's go pound for pound, I'm in Europe
Chrome Heart Culli', I had to import it
Got in my feelings, I had to record it
I never met a bitch that wasn't for it
Don't pay for pussy, I tip for the service
Let's keep it frank, I just got dessert
I'm in the G-Wagon Maybach
Just like some currency, baby, they had to convert it
I heard your bank account is on stuck
How can you keep it a buck if you ain't got no bucks?
How can you keep it a hundred if you ain't got hundreds around 'cause you stackin' 'em up?
You niggas some pussy, for real
You niggas some sissy, for real
Virginia, I pull up and chill
You know you can't come where I stay
'Fore you get caught on a date
'Fore you get put on a plate, ah
'Fore you get slid on like skates
'Fore I get turned up like bass
I know that look on they face
Don't tell me you're scared of Lil' Drake
Don't tell me you're scared of Lil' Aubrey
My niggas is crazy, Wallahi
Don't even know how we escape
The chain on her neck is a A
And she got a lot that she need
So she gotta drop to her knees
Then she can go shoppin' for free
I got up with a opp at the mall
That nigga was coppin' a plea
Out the country, I link with OZ
Spendin' money ain't foreign to me
You don't do that shit more than me
You don't do this shit more than me
He might take you on trips and he might have some hits
But, baby, not more than me
He might be at the trap and order some ones
But ain't throwin' more than me
What? Ayy, what? Ayy, what? Ayy
Girl, you make me wanna cuff you like the law, huh
Girl, you make me wanna work you like the job, ayy
I know you a cat, but can your pussy do the dog?2Embed