7 ContributorsLet’s Go To War Lyrics
This AR, I have no license for
So I don't give a damn, we can still go to war
This AK, I have no license for
Well, I don't give a damn, you just started a war
Let's go to war, nigga. Yeah, mm mm
Let's go to war, nigga. Yeah mm mm
Let's go to war, oooh. Let's go to war

Maybe cause I sell X pills, my nig
I don't have to worry about bills and shit
It's been 28 years, never missed no meals
Cause everybody knows I'll steal some shit
East Atlanta niggas like to start that shit
Dem Boulder crest road niggas kill ya quick
See I ain't have to pull my K out this year
But don't think I won't unload the clip
I been lettin' shit rock for a month or mo'
But now I'm finna show you who control the show
Glock .45 with extended clip
Comin' off the hip, I ain't ready to rip
Rapid blood loss so he startin' to drift
Light shining bright & he ready to dip
No ambulance, just cancel the trip
Cause his hoes ain't got no money at the funeral here
You might also like
This AR, I have no license for
Well I don't give a damn, we can still go to war
This AK, I have no license for
Well, I don't give a damn, you just started a warLet's go to war, nigga. Yeah, mm mm
Let's go to war, nigga. Yeah mm mm
Let's go to war, oooh. Let's go to war

I bought a sawed off shottie then I got me some bullets
Leave a hole in any nigga think he a bully, PUSSY
I wouldn't run from a dog
Glock .40 leave a dog ass stuck to the wall
Beat you wit a pistol tryna tear off yo arm
Chest shot close make you cough up a lung
Rum ba bum bum bad men come come
Bad man run cause I carry a gun
Which one of you muthafuckas be-a there? NONE
Off witcha head and you heard what I said
Infrared dot long trey 57s, tech 9s, 22s and mac 11's
My goons got guns, nigga, we got weapons
And we got shots & we sho ain't selfish
My money straight, we can start armageddon
I got a machine gun so don't bring a machette
GUCCI!
This AR, I have no license for
But I don't give a damn, we can still go to war
This AK, I have no license for
But, I don't give a damn, you just started a war
Let's go to war, nigga. Yeah, mm mm
Let's go to war, nigga. Yeah mm mm
Let's go to war, ooohEmbed