8 ContributorsWhat I Gotta Do Lyrics
(J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League)
Yeah
Turn me up
Yeah
This ain't a chill song, this a real song, what's up?
Turn the music down a little bit
Yeah
Show me
What I gotta do?
Yeah
What I gotta do, nigga?
Anything
Yeah

I gotta admit, you was my motherfuckin' idol
So it's hard to believe that you my motherfuckin' rival
First hustle I seen, now that's a motherfuckin' title
On everything I love, that's me and granny and the Bible (Haha)
My big cuz, that nigga knew that I was green
My big cuz, that nigga know he stayed clean
And when I grow up, I wanna be like him
Bought his mama a mansion, I'm thinkin' just like him (Yeah)
And little did I know, I was just another nigga
Heartless motherfucker, he was just another dealer (Woo)
Started with the weed, that nigga worked me like a slave (Slave)
How is we partners? You the one that's gettin' paid (Ayy)
Wasn't too long, he started to give a nigga work (Work)
Family over everything, got my feelings hurt (Damn)
Loss after loss, that nigga put me in a cross
How the fuck you take mine when you the motherfuckin' boss?
Nigga, just show me
You might also like
Yeah, what I gotta do?
What I gotta do, nigga?
Yeah, you turned little cuz into a thug and all I wanted was love, nigga
I don't understand, nigga
I would've done anything for you, nigga
What I gotta do?
Yeah

Loyalty ain't word, it's a motherfuckin' virtue
And I'll lose it all before a motherfucker hurt you
Just like the time I hid my safe in your attic
What I got inside, I could've bought a few Pateks (Damn)
Then it's back to the streets, I gotta go and get this check
I'm just sayin', ain't seen no rap money yet (Haha)
And when I came back to get it, most of that shit was gone (Gone)
I knew it wasn't you, therefore it had to be homes
I'm 'bout to park him in place, you know, resort that nigga (Bah)
Before I finished my sentence, she straight divorced that nigga
My lil' sister, you know she realer than most
And I salute you, queen, that's why I'm makin' this toast (Yeah)
Entrepreneur, Suite 616
She smilin' down, I know this lil' bitch dream (Love you mama)
Your big brother, I think the world of you, baby (Baby)
And ain't no question, I'll fight the world 'bout you, baby
Just tell me what I gotta do
Yeah
Show me what I gotta do
What I gotta, uh, yeah
Anything you ever need, I'm always here, always
Yeah, yeah show me
What I gotta do? Uh
Show me what I gotta do
Ask anybody who really fuck with me
If you love me
I'll do anything for you
And I mean anything
YeahEmbed