8 ContributorsMust Be Me Lyrics
Huh
It must be me
(That's how I know it's a hit, because J. White just produced it)
Me, must be me
Me, must be me (Who else could it be?)
Me, must be me (Uh)
Me, must be me

Lookin' at the mirror like, "It must be me" (Must)
'Cause everybody seeing something that I don't see (I don't see)
I was drinking lean like my name was Pimp C (R.I.P. to Pimp)
I gotta thank God that I never OD'd
I should've kept it clean and probably just did weed
I thought it was a downer, but it must be speed (It must be)
Remembеr homeboy who had the Jeep Cherokee?
Droppеd out in elementary, he still can't read (Well, damn)
I sign an artist, if they get locked, they blame me (Media)
Nigga want me to get the pot, resort to plan B (Skrrt)
I thank the lord Vicky Jean didn't take the Plan B (Mama)
She tried really hard, but she couldn't tame me
I had a good family with real good genes
But fuck makin' a ten, we trap for brand new jeans
I don't fuck with what's-his-name, and, yeah, they still green
I'd rather be heard nowadays and not seen
Ten-figure nigga, still might catch me in the ghetto
My house so big, I can hear myself echo (Hello? Hello?)
It must be me why my bitch stay prego (Damn)
'Cause I love the way she put this shit together like Legos
You might also like
I was sellin' dope same time Crime Mob had made "Stilettos"
And niggas still can't get on my motherfuckin' level
You just signed to 1017, they say you with the devil
The next chain I'ma get is an iced-out shovel

Me, me
Me-me
Me, me, me, me (Go)

Hit a lick for eighty P's, I wish it was eighty kis (Kis)
And my band, we rockin' guitars and we rollin' eighty deep
No one shadier than me, no one get shiestier than me (Free Shiesty)
Heard the old saying "Apples, they don't fall far from the tree" (Huh?)
Yeah, my left wrist is on freeze (Burr), is it cold or is it me? (Or is it me?)
Boy, you ain't no lil' Gucci Mane, your ass a wannabe (A wannabe)
Heard them niggas play with you, niggas don't never play with me (No)
In the streets, no one is safe no more, no one, not even me (Not even me)
If you never took one for the team, you can't get MVP (No)
Stressin' 'bout a court date, it got me losin' sleep
I see niggas postin' niggas that they never ever met (What?)
But never post me and they know me from up the street (What the fuck?)

I was sellin' dope same time Crime Mob had made "Stilettos"
And niggas still can't get on my motherfuckin' level
You just signed to 1017, they say you with the devil
The next chain I'ma get is an iced-out shovel
It must be me (Must be me)
Just what I am
I can't change for you
'Cause that just ain't
My styleEmbed