8 ContributorsExpectations Lyrics
(J.U.S.T.I.C.E. League)

First mistake is actin' like we really enemies
I'm a boss, you ain't got that type of energy
Like the boy Messi, I'm out your league, nigga
Go on, kick rocks, smoke your lil' weed, nigga
I only got one job, nigga, that's bein' Jeezy
And one thing about it, I make it look easy
Fuck you talkin' 'bout? You's a grown man
Puttin' your expectations on a grown man
No fucks given, that's the birthplace
You weren't the nigga for the job in the first place
You only had one job, you tryna be a rapper
That's like Palm Beach County tryna be Alaska
I lost millions when that nigga left thеm guns on that bus
And I ain't say shit when they put me in thеm cuffs
So run your smear campaign 'til you get tired
Then you can tell them folks the truth, how you got fired
Ten million in bail, two weeks in a cell
'Cause you ain't do your job, nigga, shoutout to my lawyer
Conflict of interest, yeah, I'm old school
Any nigga hire you is a damn fool

Fuck we talkin' 'bout? You's a grown man
Puttin' your expectations on a grown man
Damn right, I'm a hustler's hustler
Them expectations be a motherfucker
How you blame another nigga for your whole life?
Bet a thousand, shoot a thousand, nigga, roll dice
Damn right, I'm a hustler's hustler
Them expectations be a motherfucker
You might also like
Niggas must be on drugs, where the mollies at?
I'm just glad they don't know where the bodies at
I dare you motherfuckers to name one time
That it went down that I wasn't on the front line
It was just a flesh wound, nigga, quit cryin'
Even gave you severance pay, nigga, stop lyin'
Let's pick a word, I'ma go on 'head with, "Blame"
How a grown man blamin' you for everything?
Blame ain't the strategy for a meaningful life
And the crazy part about it, nigga think he right
What you thought I was gon' magically make you rich?
And when that fell, that just magically made you switch?
Wrong mindset, you talkin' with your hand out
Couldn't have been me, I would've took the man route
Damn right, nigga, I'm a hustler's hustler
Them expectations be a motherfucker

Fuck we talkin' 'bout? You's a grown man
Puttin' your expectations on a grown man
Damn right, I'm a hustler's hustler
Them expectations be a motherfucker
How you blame another nigga for your whole life?
Bet a thousand, shoot a thousand, nigga, roll dice
Damn right, I'm a hustler's hustler
Them expectations be a motherfuckerEmbed