5 ContributorsMr. and Mrs. Perfect Lyrics
Like I finally got a chance to just breathe, you know what I'm sayin'?
All this hard work done paid off
My life perfect, my wife perfect
My ice perfect, I'm Mr. Perfect
My price is high as a kite, but I'm worth it
My bitch is perfect, she Mrs. Perfect (Murda on the beat, so it's not nice)

Every day I wake, I'm tryna triple up the money (Trip)
Jit gone off them shrooms, he been trippin' since Sunday (Huh?)
I'm not even bummed out they said I can't go to London (Nah)
'Cause I was selling weed when Dr. Drе had made The Chronic (Wow)
Now I'm on a natural high, wake up and wеnt to runnin' (Go)
This shit shouldn't even be legal, it's like I'm robbin' folks for money (Like I'm robbin' or somethin')
Talkin' Monday to Sunday, you call me, Gucci comin' (I'm comin')
I told him stop givin' me cash, ain't have nowhere to fit the hundreds (Stop)
That's a breath of fresh air for the ones tryna get money (Hah)
I used to get it, now I got it, look what I've accomplished (Look what I've accomplished)
I started from nothin', I made something out of nothin'
I'm a good example for the ones who still strugglin' (The ones who still strugglin')
Never stop, never stop, never stop hustlin' (Never stop hustlin')
Never stop, never stop, never stop hustlin' (Never stop hustlin')
This one for the ones knee-deep, still smugglin' (Still smuggle)
One foot in, one out, still juggin' (Woo, still jugg)
You might also like
My life perfect, my wife perfect (Perfect)
My ice perfect (Burr), I'm Mr. Perfect (I'm Mr. Perfect)
My price is high as a kite, but I'm worth it (But I'm worth it)
My bitch is perfect, she Mrs. Perfect (She Mrs. Mwah)

My splits are perfect, my gift is perfect (My gift is perfect)
My bitch is perfect (My bitch is perfect), she thick and curvy (She thick and what?)
My life is nice (My life is nice), my ice is gorgeous (My ice is ooh)
We built a house from the ground, no mortgage (Wow)
Gucci the luggage (Gucci), Louis the buggy (Louis)
My daughter worth some M's, still in Huggies (Well, damn)
These niggas muggin', my shoulders shruggin' (Huh?)
I'm stiff, no handshakes, no huggin' (No)
My diamonds dancin', doin' the Dougie
My exes mad at me, they still holdin' grudges (Huh?)
Still fuck the law and fuck the judges (Fuck 'em)
Still fuck the system, we still buggin' (Wop)

My life perfect, my wife perfect (Perfect)
My ice perfect (Burr), I'm Mr. Perfect (I'm Mr. Perfect)
My price is high as a kite, but I'm worth it (But I'm worth it)
My bitch is perfect, she Mrs. Perfect (She Mrs. Mwah)
My life perfect, my wife perfect (Perfect)
My ice perfect (Burr), I'm Mr. Perfect (I'm Mr. Perfect)
My price is high as a kite, but I'm worth it (But I'm worth it)
My bitch is perfect, she Mrs. Perfect (She Mrs. Mwah)1Embed