I'm on a quest (I'm on a mission)
And I'm gon' need a pole for that (I'm gon' need a pole)
Think I'm gon' need a TEC, yeah (I'm gon' need a TEC)
Or I'm making a sword for that (I'm making a sword)
Put it up to yo' neck (It's at yo' neck)
I don't do back and forth (I don't do back and forth)
I hop in the foreign (I hop in the foreign)
With a ho who do porn (Slut)
And I got her wet, she pourin' (Yeah)

Rockin' Rick Owen head to toe (Rick, it's head to toe)
Yes, I'm back on my shit, you know (Uh)
And I'm smoking on Do-Si-Dos (Smoking on Do-Si-Dos)
Then I go make a hit, for sure (Yeah)
And I'm poppin' my shit, you know (I'm poppin' my shit, for sure)
Prolly fuckin' yo' bitch, for sure (Yeah)
And I'm stacking a brick, for sure (Fuck that ho)
I walk in the store and I spend on clothes what you gon' spend on rent (Fuck that ho)
Japanese clothes what I go put on 'cause they don't get fly as this (Fly as this)
I got a track fit, it's Balеnciaga, no I don't rock ASICS (Fuck that shit)
I feel like Wayne on the Tha C V 'causе this flow I spit so sick (I feel like Wayne)
I got a K with a TEC-9 and I ain't afraid to shoot that bitch (Fah, fah, fah, fah)
Yes, I'm a dog going canine and I got a bone to pick with that bitch (Yeah, huh, huh)
They tryna tarnish on my name, throw a lil' dirt up on that shit (Yeah, huh, huh)
I tell 'em, "Suck up on my dick, get a lil' nasty on that shit" (Tell 'em who's gonna suck)
You might also like
I'm on a quest (I'm on a quest)
And I'm gon' need a pole for that (I'm gon' need a pole)
Think I'm gon' need a TEC, yeah (I'm gon' need a TEC)
Or I'm making a sword for that (I'm making a sword)
Put it up to yo' neck (Up to yo' neck)
I don't do back and forth (I don't do back and forth)
I hop in the foreign (I hop in the foreign)
With a ho who do porn (Slut)
And I got her wet, she pourin' (Yeah)

And when I pull up, you know how that go (Okay)
I step out the whip, you know how I go (Okay)
I put up the twenty-three, Chicago (Twenty-three, Chicago)
I'll pull up to JFK with my ho (JFK with my ho)
And I'm on a flight through the sky, ho (Flight through the sky, ho)
Dude, my diamonds they bright, and you a ho
I'm rockin' the  (Yeah)
I pulled up on Ellis, got the AP
Rockin' Off-White with the brown tee (Yeah, yeah)
Whippin' all the white, talkin' ice cream
Fuckin' with the new wood grain seats (Yeah, yeah)
Everything I rock unique (Everything I rock)
I done made a mil', got it off me (Okay)
There ain't shit you could say to me (Hell nah)
There ain't a thing you could play with me (Uh)
I'm on a quest (I'm on a quest)
And I'm gon' need a pole for that (I'm gon' need a pole)
Think I'm gon' need a TEC, yeah (I'm gon' need a TEC)
Or I'm making a sword for that (I'm making a sword)
Put it up to yo' neck (Up to yo' neck)
I don't do back and forth (I don't do back and forth)
I hop in the foreign (I hop in the foreign)
With a ho who do porn (Slut)
And I got her wet, she pourin' (Yeah)Embed
100 thousand
100 thousand
100 thousand
100 thousand
100 100 100 100
Big money
Big money
Big money
Big money
(Verse)
Park the car up out the lot (vroom)
I feel like I’m it cause I got knots (knots)
Rock a fit flick me at the spot (spot, yea)
(?) pointers on my watch, yea
I making the money to fuck your thot (i do)
She pull up she gonna suddenly be in shock
I rock a AP this not a shock (tik tok tik tok)
I rock the marni when (?), yea
(chorus)
Who you need in ya life, nobody
Where I be taking flights, the islands
Pour 3 in my sprite, I’m wildin (d d d)
Can’t get on one knee for no trife, she got mileage
I made all these bands by my lone, except for college
I be smoking trees to the dome, I’m in highland
What the fuck just leave me alone, i feel tired
Bitch I rock supreme with the chrome, I feel tired
You might also like(Verse)
Feel like drew Bree’s with the chrome
That bitch said she not gonna give me dome then I’m going home
Rockstar but I feel alone feel like post Malone
Popstar feel like juice the way im knocking out these songs
Wockhard full of juice the way my body feeling gone, (oh yea)
I need two Percacet just to feel at home, (yessir)
I need two to be back in the my (?) like casa
While her French bitch on the e she eating me like pasta
Dreads in my head I feel like a rockstar
How your skin so clear bitch I use that macha
When I’m shopping in the store get your Gwap up
I remember being poor in my (?) house
I ran my money up
(chorus)
Who you need in ya life, nobody
Where I be taking flights, the islands
Pour 3 in my sprite, I’m wildin (d d d)
Can’t get on one knee for no trife, she got mileage
I made all these bands by my lone, except for college
I be smoking trees to the dome, I’m in highland
What the fuck just leave me alone, i feel tired
Bitch I rock supreme with the chrome, I feel tired
(Verse2)
Hop up on a ghost and do the jig
How you say you hate me and then you shake my hand
Bro got so (?) can’t wait to shoot is leg
I just pull up with my gangy I just pull up wit my friends
I just pull up with mob
I don’t give af if you not us like the fuck
And-Embed
Ayy, damn this I'm on to yo' nigga named Carter
Like Savage, I slide her, I drip like a washer
My new bitch from Phoenix, give head like a beanie
Like Cena, can't see me, they praying to be me
But you can not be me, forever I'm Trendy
Shout out to , proud like a penny
You hate like you Ruckus, my gang is the toughest
Write ass for the culture, I look just like Usher

I'm on this beat with no undies, no socks
I'm stealin' yo' v-card, no Swiper the Fox
Clout is my mothеr so, I'ma go mother-fuck
I drop a song and they ask for another onе
'Cause of one, "Licc On MI Dingy" had hangtime
Now I got Ugly God all on my facetime
That is my brother like clearly I'm bouta blow
Stay in my room and fuck school, I don't wanna go
Only live once so I'm all on my stupid shit
'Cause of my lameness, I only make stupid hits
Stupid bitch, shout out my shorty and  bitch
Fuck wit' my girl and I might have to *bleep* bitch
Where the bitch, she the bitch, you the bitch *pew*
My name is Trendy, I'm coming for you
You might also like
Ayy, damn this I'm on to yo' nigga named Carter
Like Savage I slide her, I drip like a washer
My new bitch from Phoenix, give head like a beanie
Like Cena, can't see me, they praying to be me
But you can not be me, forever I'm Trendy
Shout out to , proud like a penny
You hate like you Ruckus, my gang is the toughest
Write ass for the culture, I look just like Usher

Bitch you a snack, I'ma eat you for supper (For supper)
I'm hittin' it raw, I'm not using no rubber (A rubber)
Orlando boys kill it, we stay in the suburbs
She calling me daddy, I fucked on her mother
Walk in the store, feel like All State, I'm covered
Got racks in my hands, gotta save it my brother

I gave you a feature, don't ask for another
I take off no rocket, I speak with a stutter (Stutter)
I speak with a stutter, I fucked on your mother (Mother)
Got blue on my jeans and the green in the cupboard (The cupboard)
Got blood on my hands, got yo' bitch on her period (Period)
Speaking too much, I don't wanna be hearing it (Hearing it)
Whippin' a beamer, I'm not even steering it (Skrrt)
Calling me whore and that's not even fearing me
I only want hundreds, I do not want fifties
I be fucking this bitches when I'm in my 60s (My 60s)
Ride or die, Ethan my nigga since middle school days we've been going gorillas (Going gorillas)
Got Louis my feet, got this Louis my pillow
Dog shit on my lawn, throw it right at your window (Window)
Sip on the Henny, this shit got me crazy
Ten minutes later, this shit got me lazy (Got me lazy)
Changing my style, I feel like DaBaby (Ahh, ahh)
Three in the morning, the weather so hazy
On my way over to take yo' lil' bitch (Bitch!)
Hop in the coupe with just me and a chick
Don't fuck with AP, this really my wrist
Lil' bitch, I ain't supreme and you niggas is shit
Anime bitches they all on my dick
And  where we at where's Chris
Water is Fiji (Fiji), this girl on my PP (PP)
He don't believe me, my diamonds are VV
If you want, you can come and see, see (See see)
Put your hands on it, you gon' bleed, bleed
Bitch you a snack, I'ma eat you for supper
I'm hittin' it raw, I'm not using no rubber
Orlando boys kill it, we stay in the suburbs
She calling me daddy, I fucked on her mother
Walk in the store, feel like Allstate, I'm covered
Got racks in my hands, gotta save it my brotherEmbed
Don’t wanna leave her, into the bedroom
Let her know I need her, yeah
She telling me go-go deeper, while the sun rising like a fever
She’s a keeper, yeah, don’t leave her she’s a keeper
Don't leave her, she's a keeper
Whatever you want, yeah, I'm onto, yeah
Yeah, I'm onto, yeah, yeah, ayy

Whatever you want, yeah I'm onto (Onto)
Sip a lil' perc', smoke strong boof
We been through thick and thin, but you thick as shit (Thick as shit)
Go dumb on the dick like you illiterate (Illiterate)
Sippin' 1942 up in the VIP (Yeah)
When I pull it out to buss, she eat the kids (Eat the kids)
When her legs on my shoulder, I hit her wrist (I hit her wrist)
Bitch watch out cause my diamonds hittin' (Ooh)
I'm addicted to that mouth, ain't know when I'm quittin' (Ayy)
When I'm bussin' on the pills, I be gettin' jiggy (Woah)
I don't fuck with no hoes, If she actin' mickie (Actin' mickie)
When I'm bussin' off the pills, I be gettin' jiggy (Gettin' jiggy), ayy, ayy

Don’t wanna leave her, into the bedroom
Let her know I need her, yeah
She's telling me go-go deeper, while the sun rising like a fever
She’s a keeper, yeah, don’t leave her she’s a keeper
Don't leave her, she's a keeper
You might also like
She ain't gone (She ain't gone)
I got the demons and angels on my shoulders
Heard you needed one to lean on
I'm the same one (Same one)
Same nigga going back to back on platinum body
Everything I sang on (Woo)
Fuck love, nigga ain't on one on one, this shit one up (One up)
Every nigga fell in love with a slut once
She gon' ride like a bikeride, but she like me I know love don't excite her (Nah)

Don’t wanna leave her, into the bedroom
Let her know I need her, yeah
She's telling me go-go deeper, while the sun rising like a fever
She’s a keeper, yeah, don’t leave her she’s a keeper
Don't leave her, she's a keeper

Prada and Chanel yeah you got it all (Got it all)
Your nigga had a budget, I buy it all (Buy it all)
I got a AP, she want, need another more (Another more)
Once she deepthroat the dick, she licked the balls (Yeah)
I be poppin' in my city, bitch I'ma joint (I'ma joint)
Pop hunnid don P's, just to prove point (Prove point)
I don't be around the bush, I get to the point (To the point)
A nigg gotta pop smoke 'em like a joint (Baow)
Baby what it is, you my lil' diva
I don't think, I'ma keep but can still eat her
Take you all around the world, you don't need a visa
Bitch I rock Evisu jeans, when I'm in the Ibiza (Ayy, ayy, ayy)
Don’t wanna leave her, into the bedroom
Let her know I need her, yeah
She's telling me go-go deeper, while the sun rising like a fever
She’s a keeper, yeah, don’t leave her she’s a keeper
Don't leave her, she's a 
I just bought the mall, i just threw it in the bag (uh)
Boujee bitch can't catch her looking at no price tag (uh)
Shawty look as good in the front as the back (uh)
Mami don’t stop until she got them in the bag (uh)
Shawty sing ooh na-na, She act like she Madonna
Material Girl, she got Fendi, she got Prada (prada)
Well If you a fashion killa, I'm gone rock my Margiela
I don't need no stylist, water on me like a swimmer (wet)
Shawty got a little high and now she floating on to me (yeah)
She know I’m a star 'cause see the snakes printed on my jeans (yeah)
I buy diamonds for that shawty if she is a dimepiece (what)
Baby you don't gotta front, you wanna be just like me
Don't lose your focus, live in the moment, girl this the fashion magnum opus, his style is hopeless, he do not own shit
Girl you know that we just got the whole club jumping
Tell me what you rocking if you saucy you gone gone bump this

Baby If you got juice, let your chain hang low
If you got the sauce, let your red bottoms hit the floor
This ain't for no brokebois, Fashionista Galore
I drip on my walk, Fashionista Galore
You might also likeDiamond Necklace, you ain't see these at the store
Struttin' down the runway this the key to your heart
Fuck you from the back with my Gucci boxers on
Lil bitch you know this that, Fashionista Galore

Now I'm drippin’ harder
Rock designer
Gold chain on
Balanciaga
Water on me
Prada on me
Don’t you put that
Fake shit on me
Drippin' harder
Rock designer
Gold chain on
Balanciaga
Water on me
Prada on me
Don’t you put that
Fake shit on me
Baby girl

Ferragamo, Patek on yuh
Gucci Socks all in my drawers
My style is incredible I got the superpowers
Reached out to the world and now we blooming like a flower
Girl you wanna yuh
See my in the my coupe (what), birds eye view (yeah)
Looking from the top (okay), AP that's my watch (AP)
It don't tic toc (yeaah), no time for these thots (no thats)
Only for the fashion models
Buying out the jewelry store (b-ling)
I got gucci on my coat (blaw)
Diamonds all lining my throat (bling blaw)
Baby you know what you wanna do

If you got juice, let your chain hang low
If you got the sauce, let your red bottoms hit the floor
This ain't for no brokebois, Fashionista Galore
I drip on my walk, Fashionista Galore
Diamond Necklace, you ain’t see these at the store
Struttin' down the runway this the key to your heart
Fuck you from the back with my gucci boxers on
Lil bitch you know this that Fashionista Galore

Now we hotbox the room like we just do not even care
Girl I can barely see you through all the smoke in the air
She take a glance at my chains and start undressing right here
Feeling my chest and running her fingers right through my hair
Look at all of my gucci and louis, hoes start to stare
Stunt so hard on these bitches, yeah you know it isn't fair
I got too many clothes, I got a few I could spare
Yeah, fashionista galore
Embed
Last time I was here they booed me I ain't quite know how to do with that
So now it's 2 options, it's either you relax
You can clap or you get clapped!
A nigga boo me I'm stopping midway through the rap like {​​​*Cocks gun*}​​​
WHO WAS THAT?!
Cause if a nigga could boo my rounds I brought a couple rounds that could boo him back
Boo! Boo! Boo!
Listen Red... I heard he wanted to shoot a fair one in Jersey
I said, "Fuck that, I want a neutral place to rock"
Nigga, I know Joe Lite and my nigga Fox
Them a couple of New York niggas from the block
So bring 0 in the middle of the BX
Oh, y'all think I'm talking bout the Bronx
I said bring 0 in the middle of the BX, I was talking bout a BOX!
This nigga Red talking 'bout let's box?
Put a finger on me a bitch dying Pinky ring finger will be somewhere where they gotta get divers
Middle/index will be somewhere where they lit fire
And they gon find his thumbs up on the side of the road like a hitchhiker
See this guy must be high, probably
Your must be smoking that Bob Marley or sniffing that Chris Farley
You ever think of fucking with mine, Charlie
I be at his crib behind his furniture with more barrels than a wine party
Soon as he turn on the lights we popping up at his crib like a surprise party
You know why you can't swim with T, Red?
Cause you can't tread like that T, READ, you also spell "TREAD" like that
You don't get no street cred cause the streets don't see (C) Red like that
C, RED, see, you also spell CRED like that
Ain't no bitches IG'n 0 Red, but he used to getting ignored like that
I-G-N-O-RED, you also get IGNORED like that
We know how your setups be 0 Red, but we tired of gettin' bored like that
To B(e) 0 Red, you also get BORED like that
I got a hella lot of 'phors like that
Cause I can't think of shit
Lyrically I think he sick, personality wise I think it's shit
I'm gon get back to these bars just give me a second to speak a bit
See Red, shouldn't you be bad every time you battle a top nigga
They don't bring they shit because if you lose or beat 0 Red
It's not meaning shit, it's meaningless, I'm mean as shit Personality weak as shit
But come up with the same damn flow every time you see his shit
It's a whole bunch of *rambles*
Take a scheme you flip, repeat your shit
And just say what he would've did if he's me and shit
See Smack must be trying to challenge me
Cause you know he got the upper advantage if he battle me
Cause how do I come up with personals against a nigga with no personality?
Since you like to pick out what niggas be like, Instagram
This nigga dead, ripped to shreds, I'm stripping every inch of dread
This pistol lead sharp and on point, it's like a pencil lead
I'll put a beam on a nigga, I always had it in for red (Infared)
Mr. Red, why I shouldn't even be in the mist of Red?
I heard that horse playing gave him a mouth like Mr. Ed
And can't miss the red, beam like a spotlight, I won't miss the Red
Blood splatter everywhere, it'll only be a mist of red
Are you going against me Red?
This the (?) versus Cotto
Mayweather versus Cotto
Joe Fraizer vers'Jojo......
Simmons
9 out the pocket, Ton' Romo
Push this clown red wig to the side, no Bozo
0 Red, you know what's in common with a target?
The 0 Red Give 'em a clip, slip, gave him another one, I owed/O'd Red
Surf and Suge over the body like, "No 0 Red!"
My bullets speaking in different languages like the old Red
Mr. Chalakaboo back but he boo boo blaka and shit
Mr. Boo Baka and shit, lou wop, pop in the clip
Chopper equipped, "Frah! Frah! Frah! Frahka!" his shit
Rocket launchers and shit, baka his shit
*Reload sound*
"Bop! Bop! Bop! Baka!" his shit
Pop in the clip on the Eagle so long it look like an Ostrich and shit
One pop/pap smear this pussy, I gynecolo your shit! QUIET!
You might also like
URL I'm back!
Sorry T, I gotta get rid of you nigga
Smack paid me extra to finish you nigga
Before I start though, I brought a gift for you nigga
Just like the other fat boy in Chicago nigga...
L'ma sit that on my side cause it still got the wrapper and I don't want you to eat through it nigga
Now Stage 48
Y'all know the drill, y'all can react while I'm cooking that pussy
I'ma keep count on how many times he look at that cookie
I think I should warn y'all, just know it's bout to be a long night Cause I just set that down, he already looked twice
But fuck that, y'all came here to hear some bars right?
Well I'ma pill popper, tonight I go Alien off that E, T
You the cheapest drink in McDonalds, that mean you sweat tea/T
I know your baby moms so watch the rhymes you speak, T
Or get your BM X'd trying to stunt on a G-T
I get it popping from Jersey to Washington, I'm a Beast, T
My heavy metal rocking from AC to DC
No tacky nigga from Wayans Brothers when I make TC (T see)
A pump will push his chin... you looked again, that's 3, T
Smack got me doing these Chi-Town niggas bad
First Young Kannon, no games I had to clip him fast
Big Kannon, WH0000....if y'all saw the way I whipped his ass
Y'all gon love T, KO, no Teddy Pendergrass
Now we both said classic or body, he can't smoke me
We sound the same but we different, 0, Beast, you just obese
I mean That Rich Dolar will give you a lyrical slaughter
You ain't built for 4 quarters, how the fuck can you handle 0, T?
This rhyming shit, I got it bitch, ask the rappers I'm riding with
I make 'em buckle down, hit a couple rounds, they trying to spit
If I don't rock with it, no questions asked, they dropping it
I prepared my team for the ring I'm Greg Popovich
Now speaking of Greg Popovich, watch this shit
My steel bang from Gary Neal range
Approach me, extendo in the 9, my Tony give him Ginobli
That hammer spring while the handle tied with the bandanna thing
So the Heat, can't stop that shooting I call it Danny Green
I get T, Macs for nothing
I'm gutter Then I post on the block like Tim Duncan for his mother
I'm strapped with a chopper, that long arm, Kawhi Leonard Spot the bitch who birthed T, I'll go split her (Tiago Splitter)
Now I know that ain't crazy, but them last bars
Spur of the moment, back to the topic
That's your 4th time looking my nigga, I'm still watching
This truce, my youngest Shotta got a Russian Chopper, the 100 Rocka
That cat will leave you (Catalina) on the scene like Colombiana
So watch your mouth cause my shooters ready to ride
It's crazy Terrance how words get a actor shot for pride
You get it? Terrance Howard, actor shot for Pride
Charles Lee Ray bullets, I'll leave 'em stuck in a good guy
Got hood ties in your hood 5, ride where your corner at? Chopper name Dirk, it's a German shooter
That forward strap, pick a nigga off like a corner pack
You'll get quartered back, fat nigga, nigga with braids
I'm bucking there, no Warren Sapp (Buccaneer)
This shit a horror flick in a round, you hear that Grudge sound?
Dressed in all black with a hammer, I'm a Judge now
Mortal Kombat, I send fly caps like Kung Loa
Ice T when I hit his lemon, that's an uptown
I'm Megatron, I ride up on any stage with a weapon tied
This ain't NOME III so tonight you ain't getting Shine
You thought you could deck Da Don
He tossed you with hella bombs
Which reminds me, you looked at that Cookie...7 times!
Jersey
I caught Red in his jeep creeping I take the revolver *bing, bing* it, it goes in
Fuck it, "Rah! Rah!" he get the automatic too, that's goal tending
Nigga this crime scene gon look like a fire department
When you go near it
Cause what I fire, man from these poles Will have Red truck with big holes in it
Come on with it, I heard these niggas was asking for me
I don't gotta do shit, I just sit back and let it happen for me
I'm like a injured football player on the field after being tackled ugly
Cause soon as I get a OK, everybody get to/the clapping for me
The way I came up dumping a Nina is like staying over your friends house
But with nothing to get a clean mouth I got 'em all cleaned out with one brush of a finger
See this hoes be acting up, but these hoes will clap him up
Gun skull be fractured up, have 'em patching up his lower back and up
I know it didn't sound funny, I didn't expect for y'all to be laughing up
But the way I made they bones shatter up
They should be over there cracking up
Yeah, ask for us my niggas on it, I hit your set trip and set trips up on it
Like price line, he come through bong bong, we get to ripping on it
How you niggas selling drugs and tipping on it
And I ain't ever seen no pistol on it?
It's like a wet caution sign
On the design you always see somebody slipping on it
My niggas on it, I don't care who you is or who you with
Or who you get into it with, we'll shoot your shit
Put your head in the toaster, bing!
Strudel it Noodle it, over it, youtube it, poison the tube youtube with
Voodoo it so you don't get immune to it
Take it, doo doo it, get your boo boo hit
She gaga goo'n like, "papa, who is this?"
Til we hear a "pa-pa-pa-pa-pa-pa!" til it click
Police remove the doors all the way through the tents
They even search engine lookin' for answers like, Google it
A search engine looking for answers, Google it?
I didn't expect y'all to voodoo it, that one you gotta YouTube it
But didn't you quit being a Blood?
That gangsta shit not in you
Boy you scotch tissue
How you ban/band a nigga that pop metal and rock with you?
The day you buried your flag, that's when a soldier died in you But when you a real soldier, they suppose to bury that flag with you
Didn't you be a stick up man before Surf? The dreads?
I heard a nigga tried to play him like Uno, they be the first one dead
But this nigga tried to skip with my green like I didn't deserve the red
I'm a wild card, he draw fours, I'll draw too/two Blue/blew, made it reverse on Red
Think I'ma get robbed De Niro, boy you act like Rob De Niro?
My clique, I could see no (Casino) one get robbed in there row
Where Jersey at?
That's gon get Black Robbed in there 0 Line em up
I get everybody robbed in there Whoa
Yeah, 0 Red, Quiet...
Wassup Big Perm, I mean Big Worm, I mean Big T
I heard you wanna battle me
That's blasphemy your majesty bout to make you a casualty Why would you even ask for me? I'm versatile when rocking
You that back wall in hot topic, you just graphic T
I mean let's analyze your rapping T
You told Surf, if he try to lock pick your door and stick his face in
You'll put the attic in the basement with the Terminator 1 role
Knock the baby out the play pen, correct?
Ok, question
If you're at your crib, why put the attic in the basement?
Who crib is that? Then shoot a baby out the play pen?
Who kid is that?
I know, I know, let me guess, that's his style, he started it
Nigga that rhyme wasn't smart as shit, that's just some retarded shit
But real shit, that type of shit is why I'm living
He just talk it, he don't live it, I'm talking and subconsciously walking, draggin' my pivot
He better watch the way he spit it
Fore you telling T, R.I.P, my P-I-N-G's (End G's) for tripping
These rappers never learn they lesson, till I pop the heater
Steel peel like Real Deal, that Dot'll teach ya
You 16 deep, only 3 surviving
I aim straight that thang bake My 9 ate (8) 13
What's today's date? 9-8-13 right?
Also I go Miller with the Mac, leave lost souls I bring Thriller where you at
Those your bars right?
I know, I ain't a biter
That's just my way of sayin' I get to clapping when him and his niggas rapping
Make it rain in that cipher
Go 'head T, try riding on me, you get the Christopher Wallace story
Wit a Big Pop, I leave BIG shot, Robert Horry
I palm the 40, this pussy think he could body me Shotty Horroh
Voice on the Tsu, I'll leave you silent, T
I could kill you and get acquitted, my lawyer love the money
2 straps, this Paralegal (Pair Illegal) like a Lawyer understudy
I'm a real street rapper, you a motherfucking fraud
A nigga who studied law, you just do it for the buzz
But your last battle....cuz?
A lot of people say you 3-0'd Shine, y'all agree?
Well me personally, I say he won 2-1, don't take it personal
But 2nd round I deducted points cause of that shirt 
They say stripes make fat look slim, that don't work for you
That shirt looked like it was 50% reversible
Honest fact, you was rhyming crack, but your body fat so wrong
T you look like a mud puddle with clothes on
You dirty, you stink, and your stomach hang from thigh to thigh
A nigga on a boat with a tiger, you live the "Life Of Pi" (PIE)
And in that same round you proved that you a hoe ass nigga
You flipped my Roscoe shit, you don't own that nigga!
You stole that nigga!
I should Blade 2 you "Hold that nigga!"
Leave your grill split from a biting like you Nomak nigga
Y'all want some honesty?
A lot of people hate when this nigga spit rounds
Cause he never straight to the point, Jeremy Lin style
Every time he rock it (Rocket) be hella long, you spit Yao
He couldn't kill a verse on Smack if you was Jin clown
Lin, Yao, Jin, it's a message in my ink
This round is about your lazy raps how you fat and you stink?
That your Lin, Yao, and Jin Little nigga think
Your body amours the links, I'm just showing you the chinks
Don't you get it?
Fate wanted you to get your ass cracked
You missed out on that Mickey match to hear this real rap
It's obvious, nigga you don't see the paradox in that?
You manage to dodge Factz and run into some facts, FACT!
You tried to clown Charlie saying all his battles was at home Never out his comfort zone, well all your battles on URL
So you kinda condoning that shit, you lab ass nigga
Local ass bitch, you a debatable rapper
You could never beat me, I'm a boss, I body niggas freely
You can be that Next Friday baby joker looking NYB Rican
And still can't C-O-R-T (See O-R) EASY!
Jersey

See y'all don't know how long I been waiting for this
You lucky Calicoe freestyled his 3rd round and ain't do this
So long story short everybody, I'ma get straight to this
Let me tell y'all my version of what happened with 0 Red in St. Louis 0 Red battled a nigga named J Huggins for 40 dollars
We was in the condo, Me, Calicoe, Hollow, and my homie Holla
You know Con know, we seen 0 Red he got a couple ratchet hoes to holla
Got 'em into convo, you know, we had us a couple bottles
You know how hoes do it
You know they get to sippin' some of that strong fluid
You bag a bitch, another nigga fuck her
Come on my niggas we all go through it
But it seemed like my nigga Red was really going through it
Calicoe getting head, he damn near jumped in the bed like, "BITCH! DON'T DO IT!"
Calicoe like, "man, c'mon man, close the door stupid"
Nigga she mad, she crying cause she caught doing shit the hoes doing
Meanwhile my nigga Red texting this bitch like, "girl you so stupid
See if you was just for me you wouldn't even have to go through this."
We like, "0 Red! 0 Red! You don't even know this bitch!"
Calicoe getting pussy, you getting pussy too, trying to console his bitch
We trying to Jane Doe this bitch, fuck her, run a train on this bitch
She sucking my man dick, you outside trying to kiss on this bitch
Instead of you just getting the ass out an leave
You be having these hoes thinking they royalty
You owe all these real niggas an apology
If you ain't gonna be real with these bitches, then I'ma be
You got these old hoes talking like they queens, Mama Dee See, since you wifing these bitches I'ma be right there when the wedding planned
Trip the ring girl, so she choke and die off the wedding band
You seen Godfather 1?
I come with the tech in the reception spraying
Giving a couple to the toast at the wedding like the best man
People dodging and shit, swinging off of the bases
Bullets ricocheting off of vases
Man I don't know what happened, but I was squeezing up at they faces
And it took a plug out they head like they was leaving out of the Matrix
Why you wifing these sluts? She vice gripping a nigga nuts
She's on a nigga nuts, sucking and fucking until a nigga nut
You asked us if I did fuck, nigga who didn't fuck?
I just shot my shot and hit it the first time, beginners luck
They want me to style on em, you see T off a fif and a (?)
Offer from Pedro to get a payroll off of some Yayo
 hoe then bend they hoe, with the kimbe the A hole
Like aye hoe, aye hoe, they gotta go, hasta luego
Yeah I pay so, what's the pesos? Stay in your place 0
Get beat like Dre, no, I drain 0 clean like Drano
I'm crazy fast, Hussein Bolt, you sane bolt Whip his chain bow like Django up in the Durango
Try to play 0, that's gon get jacked off you jack off
(?) I would spit in your mug, I do backwash
You write a check your ass can't cash, I got the exact cost
This beam will get Red tagged, it's taking half off
That mac baboom Red monkey ass
Baboon, Red, Monkey Ass, see I don't know
If you don't know what they lookin' for it's body or it's lower past
Cause they gon be up all night looking for his other half
Yeah, you talk about my Hollow loss, Red, like it's the Holocaust, Red
But your Swave Sevah loss, Red You damn near got your head severed off, Red
See you wasn't that crispy candy color gloss Red
The style was more of a burgundy cause it looked a little off, Red
I heard you was a booster for them roosters, who Red Robbin/Robin?
I'll have my man pop him
The phone call gon sound like I send my bitches to go to with one of my man's shopping
Should I say get 'em heel toe stiletto, red bottoms?
Slow it down! Nah he from Jersey
"Fuck I gotta put it in subtitles or something"
I said, get him, he'll pump steel at 0 Red bottom....
Translation: He'll shoot his ass
You moving past a sleeping giant
Don't come to my crib, boy I keep an iron
Muzzle the gun just in case things get violent, that keep it silent
Guns on the "bloaw" sound more like ... so let's speak in private
A silencer on the pistol, come get some peace/piece and quiet
QUIET!

Time out!
Cut these cameras Smack, T, are you that fat or you cookin?
That's from 1st round its 3rd now why you still lookin?
Nigga you gone make me throw this shit, stop losing your focus bitch
I want your soul to lift, but not via no chokin shit
I'm tryna show your clique, you ain't a Jordan 11 cat
That mean you will never walk on Red soul (sole) you ain't bred for that
A lot of y'all thought it a be close, well I'm deadin' that
After this round over that soldier gone need a medic pack
Fact, this whole bout, I proved to y'all we ain't cut the same
I showed y'all I got AP aggression and can rush a lane
Or draw him out with Mayweather poise and show my punching game
You fraud, T in the ring acting, he Clubber Lane
That Bull shit get him 22, Taj Gibson
How that 9 rip him, painting precision with time vision
Head shot, that eye witness go "DAMN!" Rod Simmons
Walk up and let it ring back to back, Lebron mission
T, just use that safety net when you die...you feel me?
Just pull a X, lie, say you ain't try, they'll let it fly
See I, I don't got respect for any rapper who doin that
Or any fan who say they true to rap but they cool with that
Smack, you gone feel what I'm saying about the set trip
Cause I'm tired of niggas cheatin on battle rap for the next bitch
Stand on stage without your best shit, that ain't vet shit
How the fuck can you love that game if you don't respect it?
Now me on the other hand, I treat every battle like it's the last of my life
Tomorrow ain't promised, a nigga probably clap me tonight
So just in case they snatch up my life, this faggot get wiped Dragged T before he die I got the Passion of Christ So the bitch in him, yall bound to here hurr like a Nelly verse
I could throw a clip in his donut and watch the jelly squirt
But fuck letting the Dessie burst, you'll get the machete work
Chest where the slit b, turn Big T to a belly shirt
I'll have his homies yellin' out "Red, just hit him with the Glock
The cap'll take him," Fuck that, I'm decapitating his top
So when them southside cops find his head in a box
They don't know whether it's T, RG3 or Yung Chop, let me stop
Should I stop? Nope!
You asked for it Ock, you deserve the damage
Calicoe your right hand and I'll hit his ass with a cannon
So I ain't understandin' why this man is still chancin'
When you saw Cal L (Kalel) first like Superman parents
Man of Steel — Kalel- Superman- I'm cold dawg
Which reminds me, you said I was Crip tonight (Kryptonite)
You wrong dawg
That type of talk will just make me walk through your zone dog
Bunny slippers strapped with a Tec sense you think I'm Loc, Dog
Y'all wanna know how we got to this point?
Smack said I'm settin' classics up, I need you versus Magic, bruh
I said when Magic beat Conceited, then I'll fuck Magic up
I know you got your racks and stuff, but the status ain't adding up
Do simple Math, put T in the equation that's a plus
Speaking of Math, your Hoffa I'm ;bout drama
You lack Math, head shot, I'll add a bullet, subtract your life
Math Tryin to take a shot at the king, that ain't bright Math
The nigga I bodied you lost to twice Math
Yo DNA, listen you dirty bitch I'ma tell you like I told Shine,S
"stop talking like you want that sauce
Don't battle guard dogs get loss, I'll kill your boss."
Ask him, I'm the wrong rasta to rumble with
You got all of your flare from that Teddy Bear you cuddle with
Jackin' his every move, it's obvious you sucking dick
I can see D (CD) on C-D like a double disc
And all you other haters takin' shots at the boy
You'll only get half a bar
Fuck you Norbes..... JerseyEmbed
(Oh, my God, Ronny)
Uh

Million-dollar mullet, I'm talking Ted DiBiase
I'ma disappear and come back with eight watches
AP watches, watch this
Prada Paparazzi
I'ma live my life Miami Vice, Farrah Fawcett
I'ma sip lean
You gon' tattletale while I slide down Tidwell (uh)
I'ma shine blades like a chef
Conan The Barbarian style jewels on neck
It's the white Wyclef, got a brick on my shelf
And I did it by myself, uh
Bitch, you got a complaint? Leave it at the front desk
Shoot a three like Tony Delk
Yeah, my girl brought a girlfriend, made my heart melt
More diamond pointers than a Roosevelt elk, yeah
Mine's crystal clean, your look like skimmed milk
Stop asking all them questions, you gon' wrinkle up my silk, uh
I'm in Shanghai with the top down
Raspberry Roger Clemens throwing 90 off the mound
Nolan Ryan Texas Ranger with the sunset hounds
Half a ticket on my neck every time I pop up
Instead of worrying about me, you need to get your stocks up, yuh
I'ma three-wheel in a Dolce & Gabbana truck
Look into the mirror and then wipe down all the drama
You got another baby mama while I'm chasing a third comma
Still finding who I am, left hand hologram
Right hand, um, Fruity Pebbles Toucan Sam
Ronny J got the bass kicking, Jean-Claude Van Damme
Aventador hard top, hit up Ken Dan Tony
All the way at West palm Lamb
Left hand hold two hundred grand, all cash, uh
Skrt up off the lot and I did the whole dash
Tip Toe to the cellar, the white Mayweather
40K yesterday but it's gon' get better, uh
Orange sapphires that look like sunsets, uh
I'm at Jewel Collect like Johnny Quest
You might also likeCollect call, from who? Alanis Morissette
Why you ain't been in more movies than Johnny Depp?

Johnny deep, deep pockets
I done flipped so much cheese
Should applied at Johnny Rockets
Overqualified, overqualified, hold a lotta ties
In the streets, know a lotta guys, owe a lotta pride
Pink caprice flexin’ on 'em like I had a rubber spine
Limpin out this bitch like I was rollerskatin’ drunk and blind
Out my way, bitches flashin’ to us from the balcony
For you she's a mouse, for me a rat, I leave her out my cave
'Bout to say? Ain't no 'bout to say, fuck what you 'bout to say
Me and that HighRoller Jody, fuck what you about to say
Catfish, shoulda left me in the creek where you found me
Now you got that river-water on ya from my country county
Mud mouth, that's the LSD hit in a petri dish
Must be 'cause they trippin’ on my drawl, easel kit
Paint flying out that Krylon can up on the eastern bridge
AM7 Ounze Zilla, go back on me, read the list
Go back homie, hating on me, I'm too heavy for them kids
This ain't nothing overnight except for me to do your bitch
Ain't interested, bumblebee, interesting intellect
Infamous pinky ring, Slumerican everything
In the mix Ballers Eve playa spin that kickin’ tune
Been up in that trunk with 808s since you was still in school
Billy who? Billy’s hell, Earnhardt, really Dale?
Runnin' laps on suckers, motherfucker go pick up your mail
The mullet king, mullet king
Catfish
Really though
Joe, Jody HighRoller
Fuckin' getting it
Fuckin' getting it
YeahEmbed
This a Burna production
Niggas don't want no—
Niggas want no smoke
Niggas don't want no beef
Me and my brothers gon' ride
How many niggas gon' slide?
Ooh-ooh, yeah, yeah, yeah

Still a youngin', I run up them bands
Shit's all goin' exactly as planned
See the diamonds up on me, they dance
Walk around with that gun in my pants
No, my niggas ain't throwin' no hands
He said he was with it, he saw me and ran
Growin' up, I ain't know how to scam
So juggin' and robbin' got me in a jam
I got niggas locked up in the can
Most of them niggas that hate us, they fans
On my neck, that's a whole lotta grand
I soon go to Cali', can't wait 'til I land
On my mama, I want this shit bad
So I'm in the studio, gotta go ham
On my mama, I'm doin' the dash
I went through that once, I can't do it again
One, two, three, four, five
Dead niggas up in the sky
I be smokin' on deadies
Y'all niggas ain't ready for pressure, we finna apply
SB niggas never gon' lie
Niggas want clout, so I gotta move wise
AP is dancin', I call it my prize
Boy, if you wouldn't, stop tuckin' your pride
If you want it, I'm uppin' the nine
Fuck all this fame shit, I'm bustin' for mine
Tuckin' the trauma like nothin' aside
I'm from a jungle, it's hard to survive
What you jackin', you pickin' a side?
Bro said he lackin', I took him, a vibe
I'm pistol packin' to keep me alive
Heard nigga rattin', it fuck with my mind, damn
You might also like
How you my brother? You tellin' on niggas, I don't understand
I done did hard time for the gang, I'll do it again
I'm tryna focus on music so prison not part of the plan
But, nigga, I'm with it, don't ever forget it, ain't shakin' no hands

Too many snakes, gotta keep it low
Niggas gon' hate knowin' I'ma blow
I'm outta state, always on the road
Pick up the pace, you been movin' slow
Call up my hitters, they ready to slide, just gotta say, "Go"
Do it for Smelly, it's really his drive, forever my bro
Shit be too hot, I can't talk on the phone
Someone gon' die, better leave it alone
You said you with it, boy, fix up your tone
My thottie come run you, they bad to the bone
I fuck your thottie, I'm makin' her moan
I had to sober up, get in my zone
'Member I thought I would never come home
When I needed money, ain't ask for no loan
I had to get that shit all on my own
Ain't nobody care
They tried to give me the time like I'm grown
Won't nobody there, ain't tryna play fair
You finna get done, I'm just stoppin' and stare
I travel, don't care
Why you droppin' the addy? You not really there
How you my brother? You tellin' on niggas, I don't understand
I done did hard time for the gang, I'll do it again
I'm tryna focus on music so prison not part of the plan
But, nigga, I'm with it, don't ever forget it, ain't shakin' no hands
How you my brother? You tellin' on niggas, I don't understand
I done did hard time for the gang, I'll do it again
I'm tryna focus on music so prison not part of the plan
But, nigga, I'm with it, don't ever forget it, ain't shakin' no hands

I tell her sing for me, she just wanna sing for me
She ain’t bout them love songs, she want that
Sing for me, she just want to sing for me
All up in my air, my air, my air
Keep it right there, right there, right there oh wow

You know your boy off Ciroc
Throwing toys off the yacht
Every bar I spit classic like Beans throw up rock
And she fuck with the (boy) cause I have her like..
I got the Franck Muller, Rolex's
Vacheron Constantin in my old Lexus
Hublots in that AP, no Peterson
G-Wagen and we AD
No weed again, so we gonna see my SA home
Take a hit it feel like Cameron oh
And I got it from the Luigi thats my (boy)
This kush have you like..
Now we back on the west side highway S5
Purple clouds I can see Aaliyah and Left Eye
And my Benz truck beating like it's Best Buy
I tell her sing for me, she just wanna sing for me
She ain’t bout them love songs, she want that
Sing for me, she just want to sing for me
All up in my air, my air, my air
Keep it right there, right there, right there oh wow10Embed
How you running from the sack?
(Helluva made this beat, baby)
Ayy
Ayy, ayy, ShittyBoyz

How you running from the sack? Michael Vick (A-ha)
Chop like Foot Locker, bitch got all kind of kick
Yeah, you threw the ball to the ground, you spiked the bitch
I'm a safety, I ain’t do shit but light the pick
Back the fuck up, I'll Ray Rice a bitch
201 fire up at Enterprise, sliding whips
Yeah, like a credit card, boy, I swiped yo bitch
I don't really like friends, I just like my stick

I don’t think she like me, she like my kick
She tryna get a threesome, she like my bitch
Gretsky with that stick, I'll slide on shit
Like an old-ass whip, got all kind of drip

Tron and Tay B? (Ayy)
That's damn near like 'Bron and AD (Ayy, ayy)
Run up on me? I'ma drop his KD (Pow, pow)
By the end of 2020, I'ma rock a AP (All facts)
You might also like
Ayy, Tron, these broke niggas can't spell "AP"
By the end of 2020, they gon' be up eight G’s
Three tone masterpiece, they don’t make these
Just got some head from a white bitch named "Raycine"

Triple S, I'll stomp doggy face in
I don’t sell sauce, I'll give yo ass a fake BIN (A-ha)
Super Ham, I'll tuck doggy cape in (Pow, pow)

Like you died at nine years old, you can't make ten
Punch God at the set, hoes harassing me
Iron on my side, I got Tony Stark attached to me
Bitch, no, I can’t be your nigga, stop asking me
You looking for a Romeo but I ain't Master P

I don't think she like me, she like my kick
She tryna get a threesome, she like my bitch
Gretsky with that stick, I'll slide on shit (Ayy, ayy, ayy, ayy)
Like an old-ass whip, got all kind of drip

I think this a classic Tay
Hit the site with that, then the package came (Ayy, ayy)
GOAT with the punches like Cassius Clay (Punch)
Feel like Venom on that dark web, I'ma activate (Ayy, ayy)
Call me "Adonis", I got the baby Drac'
You ain't got no bricks, newborn, you got baby weight
You wanna save yourself? Nigga, save the plate
Stop playing with yourself like you masturbate

I don't think she like me, she like my kick
She tryna get a threesome, she like my bitch
Gretsky with that stick, I'll slide on shit
Like an old-ass whip, got all kind of drip

Euro step like Harden and I keep rocking (Ayy, ayy)
Talk shit in this tech like Rasheed Wallace (A-ha)
Fuck up the web like the Green Goblin (Punch, punch)
Stop talking 'bout a bag, you ain't seen profit

Ha, you ain't seen profit
Ain't gon' lie, yo dirty-ass never seen profit
Ha, all facts, no liesEmbed
От героев былых времён...

Life can get all up in your ass
Baby, you better work it out
Now let me tell you what it's all about
Now let me tell you what it's all about

It's like every day's hotter than the previous one
I swear to God, the Earth spun a little closer to the Sun
It's a lot less jobs and a lot more guns
It's a lot more bills, but a lot less funds
And it's not as much fun as when I was a little one
When you could run without the air putting shit in your lungs
I'm disgusted with the music, I'm a slave to my phone
My homie works 60 hours, but he can't afford a home
The kids are so arrogant, I'm proud to be American
But what these motherfuckers glorify is real embarrassin'
My brother died from a bad batch of heroin
My man was pulled over driving ki's out of Maryland
There's more mass murders, and the shooter gets rewarded
'Cause the mainstream media's so eager to report it
My blood's full of Xanax, reality's distorted
So I write down the stress to sort it, and then record it
You might also like
Life can get all up in your ass
Baby, you better work it out
Now let me tell you what it's all about
Now let me tell you what it's all about
Life can get all up in your ass
Baby, you better work it out
Now let me tell you what it's all about
Now let me tell you what it's all about

Yo, I'm on a road to redemption, lightin' up incense
The world of bad karma form around me
It's all about family, God, good health
And no limits, only things I pursue in this lifetime
The power lies deep in my core, it means much more
To have a peace of mind instead of confrontation or war
This is grown man talk, what Celph and Ap saw is a vision
But why is O.C. not livin'?
The Benz lopsided, I'm open to goddess
'Cause you never stop learnin', the situation I'm in
Is what you allow, married the game way-back-when
It's time to renew my vow
Sometimes you have to hit rock bottom
Just to see who's there, to help you sort out the problem
Test the time, don't stop tickin' into hour
Nor a minute, for a second, take it as a blessin', 'cause
Life can get all up in your ass
Baby, you better work it out
Now let me tell you what it's all about
Now let me tell you what it's all about
Life can get all up in your ass
Baby, you better work it out
Now let me tell you what it's all about
Now let me tell you what it's all about

От героев былых времён...
От героев былых времён...
От героев былых времён...
От героев былых времён...Embed
"Adieu, adieu! my native shore
Fades o'er the waters blue;
The night-winds sigh, the breakers roar,
And shrieks the wild sea-mew.
Yon Sun that sets upon the sea
We follow in his flight;
Farewell awhile to him and thee,
My native Land—Good Night!
"A few short hours and He will rise
To give the Morrow birth;
And I shall hail the main and skies,
But not my mother Earth.
Deserted is my own good Hall,
Its hearth is desolate;
Wild weeds are gathering on the wall;
My Dog howls at the gate.
"Come hither, hither, my little page
Why dost thou weep and wail?
Or dost thou dread the billows' rage,
Or tremble at the gale?
But dash the tear-drop from thine eye;
Our ship is swift and strong:
Our fleetest falcon scarce can fly
More merrily along."
"Let winds be shrill, let waves roll high,
I fear not wave nor wind:
Yet marvel not, Sir Childe, that I
Am sorrowful in mind;
For I have from my father gone,
A mother whom I love,
And have no friend, save these alone,
But thee—and One above.

'My father blessed me fervently,
Yet did not much complain;
But sorely will my mother sigh
Till I come back again.'—
"Enough, enough, my little lad!
Such tears become thine eye;
If I thy guileless bosom had,
Mine own would not be dry.
"Come hither, hither, my staunch yeoman,
Why dost thou look so pale?
Or dost thou dread a French foeman?
Or shiver at the gale?"—
'Deem'st thou I tremble for my life?
Sir Childe, I'm not so weak;
But thinking on an absent wife
Will blanch a faithful cheek.
'My spouse and boys dwell near thy hall,
Along the bordering Lake,
And when they on their father call,
What answer shall she make?'—
"Enough, enough, my yeoman good,
Thy grief let none gainsay;
But I, who am of lighter mood,
Will laugh to flee away.
"For who would trust the seeming sighs
Of wife or paramour?
Fresh feeres will dry the bright blue eyes
We late saw streaming o'er.
For pleasures past I do not grieve,
Nor perils gathering near;
My greatest grief is that I leave
No thing that claims a tear.

"And now I'm in the world alone,
Upon the wide, wide sea:
But why should I for others groan,
When none will sigh for me?
Perchance my Dog will whine in vain,
Till fed by stranger hands;
But long ere I come back again,
He'd tear me where he stands.
"With thee, my bark, I'll swiftly go
Athwart the foaming brine;
Nor care what land thou bear'st me to,
So not again to mine.
Welcome, welcome, ye dark-blue waves!
And when you fail my sight,
Welcome, ye deserts, and ye caves!
My native Land—Good Night!"
On, on the vessel flies, the land is gone,
And winds are rude in Biscay's sleepless bay.
Four days are sped, but with the fifth, anon,
New shores descried make every bosom gay;
And Cintra's mountain greets them on their way,
And Tagus dashing onward to the Deep,
His fabled golden tribute bent to pay;
And soon on board the Lusian pilots leap,
And steer 'twixt fertile shores where yet few rustics reap.

Oh, Christ! it is a goodly sight to see
What Heaven hath done for this delicious land!
What fruits of fragrance blush on every tree!
What goodly prospects o'er the hills expand!
But man would mar them with an impious hand:
And when the Almighty lifts his fiercest scourge
'Gainst those who most transgress his high command,
With treble vengeance will his hot shafts urge
Gaul's locust host, and earth from fellest foemen purge
What beauties doth Lisboa first unfold!
Her image floating on that noble tide,
Which poets vainly pave with sands of gold,
But now whereon a thousand keels did ride
Of mighty strength, since Albion was allied,
And to the Lusians did her aid afford:
A nation swoln with ignorance and pride,
Who lick yet loathe the hand that waves the sword
To save them from the wrath of Gaul's unsparing lord.
But whoso entereth within this town,
That, sheening far, celestial seems to be,
Disconsolate will wander up and down,
'Mid many things unsightly to strange ee;
For hut and palace show like filthily:
The dingy denizens are reared in dirt;
Ne personage of high or mean degree
Doth care for cleanness of surtout or shirt,
Though shent with Egypt's plague, unkempt, unwashed, unhurt.
Poor, paltry slaves! yet born 'midst noblest scenes—
Why, Nature, waste thy wonders on such men?
Lo! Cintra's glorious Eden intervenes
In variegated maze of mount and glen.
Ah, me! what hand can pencil guide, or pen,
To follow half on which the eye dilates
Through views more dazzling unto mortal ken
Than those whereof such things the Bard relates,
Who to the awe-struck world unlocked Elysium's gates.
The horrid crags, by toppling convent crowned,
The cork-trees hoar that clothe the shaggy steep,
The mountain-moss by scorching skies imbrowned,
The sunken glen, whose sunless shrubs must weep,
The tender azure of the unruffled deep,
The orange tints that gild the greenest bough,
The torrents that from cliff to valley leap,
The vine on high, the willow branch below,
Mixed in one mighty scene, with varied beauty glow.

Then slowly climb the many-winding way,
And frequent turn to linger as you go,
From loftier rocks new loveliness survey,
And rest ye at "Our Lady's house of Woe;" 
Where frugal monks their little relics show,
And sundry legends to the stranger tell:
Here impious men have punished been, and lo!
Deep in yon cave Honorius long did dwell,
In hope to merit Heaven by making earth a Hell.

And here and there, as up the crags you spring,
Mark many rude-carved crosses near the path:
Yet deem not these Devotion's offering—
These are memorials frail of murderous wrath:
For wheresoe'er the shrieking victim hath
Pour'd forth his blood beneath the assassin's knife,
Some hand erects a cross of mouldering lath;
And grove and glen with thousand such are rife
Throughout this purple land, where Law secures not life. 
On sloping mounds, or in the vale beneath,
Are domes where whilome kings did make repair;
But now the wild flowers round them only breathe:
Yet ruined Splendour still is lingering there.
And yonder towers the Prince's palace fair:
There thou too, Vathek! England's wealthiest son,
Once formed thy Paradise, as not aware
When wanton Wealth her mightiest deeds hath done,
Meek Peace voluptuous lures was ever won't to shun.
Here didst thou dwell, here schemes of pleasure plan,
Beneath yon mountain's ever beauteous brow:
But now, as if a thing unblest by Man,
Thy fairy dwelling is as lone as Thou!
Here giant weeds a passage scarce allow
To Halls deserted, portals gaping wide:
Fresh lessons to the thinking bosom, how
Vain are the pleasaunces on earth supplied;
Swept into wrecks anon by Time's ungentle tide!
Behold the hall where chiefs were late convened! 
Oh! dome displeasing unto British eye!
With diadem hight Foolscap, lo! a Fiend,
A little Fiend that scoffs incessantly,
There sits in parchment robe arrayed, and by
His side is hung a seal and sable scroll,
Where blazoned glare names known to chivalry,
And sundry signatures adorn the roll,
Whereat the Urchin points and laughs with all his soul.

Convention is the dwarfish demon styled
That foiled the knights in Marialva's dome:
Of brains (if brains they had) he them beguiled,
And turned a nation's shallow joy to gloom.
Here Folly dashed to earth the victor's plume,
And Policy regained what arms had lost:
For chiefs like ours in vain may laurels bloom!
Woe to the conquering, not the conquered host,
Since baffled Triumph droops on Lusitania's coast.
And ever since that martial Synod met,
Britannia sickens, Cintra! at thy name;
And folks in office at the mention fret,
And fain would blush, if blush they could, for shame.
How will Posterity the deed proclaim!
Will not our own and fellow-nations sneer,
To view these champions cheated of their fame,
By foes in fight o'erthrown, yet victors here,
Where Scorn her finger points through many a coming year?

So deemed the Childe, as o'er the mountains he
Did take his way in solitary guise:
Sweet was the scene, yet soon he thought to flee,
More restless than the swallow in the skies:
Though here awhile he learned to moralise,
For Meditation fixed at times on him;
And conscious Reason whispered to despise
His early youth, misspent in maddest whim;
But as he gazed on truth his aching eyes grew dim.
To horse! to horse! he quits, for ever quits
A scene of peace, though soothing to his soul:
Again he rouses from his moping fits,
But seeks not now the harlot and the bowl.
Onward he flies, nor fixed as yet the goal
Where he shall rest him on his pilgrimage;
And o'er him many changing scenes must roll
Ere toil his thirst for travel can assuage,
Or he shall calm his breast, or learn experience sage.
Yet Mafra shall one moment claim delay, 
Where dwelt of yore the Lusians' luckless queen;
And Church and Court did mingle their array,
And Mass and revel were alternate seen;
Lordlings and freres—ill-sorted fry I ween!
But here the Babylonian Whore hath built
A dome, where flaunts she in such glorious sheen,
That men forget the blood which she hath spilt,
And bow the knee to Pomp that loves to varnish guilt.
O'er vales that teem with fruits, romantic hills,
(Oh, that such hills upheld a freeborn race!)
Whereon to gaze the eye with joyaunce fills,
Childe Harold wends through many a pleasant place.
Though sluggards deem it but a foolish chase,
And marvel men should quit their easy chair,
The toilsome way, and long, long league to trace,
Oh! there is sweetness in the mountain air,
And Life, that bloated Ease can never hope to share.
More bleak to view the hills at length recede,
And, less luxuriant, smoother vales extend:
Immense horizon-bounded plains succeed!
Far as the eye discerns, withouten end,
Spain's realms appear whereon her shepherds tend
Flocks, whose rich fleece right well the trader knows—
Now must the Pastor's arm his lambs defend:
For Spain is compassed by unyielding foes,
And all must shield their all, or share Subjection's woes.

Where Lusitania and her Sister meet,
Deem ye what bounds the rival realms divide?
Or ere the jealous Queens of Nations greet,
Doth Tayo interpose his mighty tide?
Or dark Sierras rise in craggy pride?
Or fence of art, like China's vasty wall?—
Ne barrier wall, ne river deep and wide,
Ne horrid crags, nor mountains dark and tall,
Rise like the rocks that part Hispania's land from Gaul:
But these between a silver streamlet glides,
And scarce a name distinguisheth the brook,
Though rival kingdoms press its verdant sides:
Here leans the idle shepherd on his crook,
And vacant on the rippling waves doth look,
That peaceful still 'twixt bitterest foemen flow;
For proud each peasant as the noblest duke:
Well doth the Spanish hind the difference know
'Twixt him and Lusian slave, the lowest of the low. 

She don't even wanna slide
Tell me, what is on your mind?
Baby girl, keep it aside
Baby girl, we never lie
Baby girl, just pick a side (Yeah)
I still remember your love
And your laugh at the shots of Patron (Yeah, yeah)
Buy you the bag, now you go get the bag
And you shop on your own (Ah)
Provided before you could buy it
But now you be walking alone (Yeah, yeah)
You sleepin', you left me in pieces
That's why I been blocking your phone
Let's be honest, girl, I'm never honest
I'mma pop a bottle till the pain away
Break every promise that I'd ever promise you
That's a promise that I'll never break
2Pac on my CD bumping
Looking for a better day
My girl is worried 'bout me dying on the road
Man, some things will never change (Argh)
Now they put me for the cover
Now I'm looking at my brother
Now I'm grinding like no other
It's my life, I fucking love it
Feel like we stuck on the same page
Baby, we ain't on the same book
Feel like I struggled to make change
Baby, don't give me that same look
Went from a couple of G's to half-pounds
In a glasshouse passed in a couple of weeks
And these days, though, I struggle to breathe
Because I don't get nothin' for free, so let my brother be free, ah
You can't harm me, five racks in a Giorgio Armani
Classy, ride 'round in a Class C (Skrrt)
Medusa's head like Versace
Party, bullshit, I don't need half of the bullshit
I drive through with the drive-through (Ching)
And now I laugh at your bullshit like
Don't look back and regret, still not catching my breath
And my actions reflect the heartbreak
I had the neglect to block that, the cash and the cheque
And I drown my pain in the money and smoke
Chase my pays and my brothers ain't broke
Raised like that so my brothers don't show
All the pain like that, so my brothers don't know
You might also like
Tryna find soul in a soulmate
Lookin' at the clocks like Coldplay
Ain't Barbie but still wanna roleplay
Black dress, blonde hair and a doll face (Argh)

Heavy with the flow
I ain't really ever check a message on my phone
Tryna get the cheddar from my seven-figure quote
But I'm thinking it'd be better if we get it on our own
I just threw a party over at Versace
Tell them get the bar full of Henny and Patron
Now I'm in the car seat, telling her the password
Giving me a second 'cause I better be alone
Heartbeat, I don't really know if it's the devil or the coke
Why they wanna start me? Why they wanna harm me?
I don't give a fuck, brah, I'm never gonna know
You just gotta ask me, I've been going hard, G
I'mma get the cheddar just to get a better home
Yeah, I said it, I'm the GOAT, I said it, I'm the GOAT
Like fuck me, ladies, rack on rack in a Rangie
KD, my Achilles strong
The streets peak and my heat is on, I go AC (Ching)
With ya milli, we rock a dope AP
Roll with the X, I watch your bro rate me
Rolex, Saint Laurent, we so HD
Yeah, but I want ya, dog, you don't phase me (Argh)
I be sticking to the facts (Argh)
I got shivers in a pack (Argh)
She got some chron and they want it
No problem, 'cause I got scissors in my dacks (Argh)
Pretty women on my lap (Argh)
I learned that there's more to life
Now all of these labels fall to the table (Hahaha)
What they want for recording rights?
I tell 'em I got signed with a pen
Tellin' all my brothers we can ride to the end
I be on a pathway till I see my last day
Me and all my brothers, we can ride to the death
Marijuana halfway, Ariana Grande's
Looking like a model having lines on her chest
Baby, if you can't pay, use a credit card, babe
Louis Vuitton, I'm gonna buy (Haha, fuck off)
I got a whole reefer to slang
Kickin' a goal, see me go bang
Homie, if you ain't be comin' with money and kush we can roll
Homie, don't hang
I got a whole reefer to slang
Kickin' a goal, see me go bang
Homie, if you ain't be comin' with money and kush I can
Kush I can, kush I can

Homeboy said he got good smoke
But the OGs went through the herb in a hour
Homeboy said he got good coke
Then he shows me a bag of detergent and powder
Chopped it up, then robbed the cunt
We gave head to his best friend's girl in the shower
And people swear we only smoke diesel
It's lethal, it's probably why the herb's all sour
(Switch it up) See ya later, beast creator
Freak of nature, weed and vapours
Sweet in flavour, chopped up when I block past
Like I move E for the credit, forget it
We don't keep the razor, treat inhaler
Cruise like Tom on a top gun when I rock one
Catch air with a deep inhale, go (Ching)
Everybody needs a favour, not me
Joey Johns ounce, get half back (Yep)
I got lit from the fumes on the road (Ah)
Yeah, I been 'round from the start, like (Yep)
I'm the origin, Blues and Maroons
Females on a lorry like Daley
I'm going crazy in a room with the blow
With a Q and a O and a doob and a smoke
And the hotel staff too stupid to know
You got some, then I got one
Mark Waugh, last ball, we do not run
Drop one, Shane Warne when he got spun
Flip him one, I bounce to the ball, I was off stump
Now Chill's out, better chill out
Get a off-cut from the field now
Blue hairs on the bud like Milhouse
Welcome to The Octagon, we go argh1Embed
(CashMoneyAP)
Hot sum'
Fuck nigga diss and neva pop nun'

I’ma hot sum', that's why these niggas tryna mop sum'
Pussy ass nigga, all that dissin' neva pop nun'
I wouldn’t let ‘em hold that glizzy If he neva shot nun'
Every nigga round me wit it and we all rock sum'
Slow down Montana, I let the window down and spray round
All my niggas know go to hitttin’ back to back right after my K sound
Lil' bitch I'm known for to get it poppin' and keep that four-pound
On yo’ front porch that .40 get to knockin and blow yo door down
It's four of us smokin' personal blunts with our own nine
Five of our own bullets gon bust yo dome yea that's on time
Get the burner on even them home alone bitch don't come inside
When I say it's up on nun but get it on cause bitch I'm bout mine
Puttin' cash on his brand new AP put money on mine
For gang sake no onе can save me, I watch the blood risе
This nigga diss me then I kill em', and make his pop cry
Tryna cross up times with the whole system, and gain a third eye

These niggas don't like me I'm so shiesty, I'm a fuckin' problem
These niggas be bitin' they just like me, that's a fuckin' problem
These niggas wanna fight me keep that pipe by me I up and pop em
This nigga deadly as the reaper they can't fuckin’ stop em
Shawty think I'm stupid as a fuck but she just wanna dollar
I ain't ran it up or gained yo trust to take away yo problem
She ain't got no love, but what the fuck I think nun wrong about it
I was thinkin' bout it from your point of view let's talk about it
I just wanna fuck, slidin' in them dooley trucks
Reachin’ for a drive, gettin' high, bitch we movin' up
Get euthanized from the skies tryna kill or duck
A hunnid rounds when we slidin' you can't run from us
You might also like
Diamonds shine put a brand new chain on me I won't take it off just hit ‘em right
For to leave a stain on em they gon stretch that boy at the light
Swear them people changed on em they all cut feel I can't make it right
I can't put the blame on em, I just reminisce through city lights
I just went spent fifty grand at Barney’s, bitch I’m rich as fuck
Drank head, bust pints all in the mornin’
Didn’t even pop a flat I’m leaning right
This bitch tell me if you want it, pay to buss yo fuckin’ shit tonight
This bitch keep actin like she want it, want this dick you gon get hit tonight

These niggas don't like me I'm so shiesty, I'm a fuckin' problem
These niggas be bitin' they just like me, that's a fuckin' problem
These niggas wanna fight me, keep that pipe by me I up and pop em
This nigga deadly as the reaper they can't fuckin’ stop em
Shawty think I'm stupid as a fuck but she just wanna dollar
I ain't ran it up or gained yo trust to take away yo problem
She ain't got no love, but what the fuck I think nun wrong about it
I was thinkin' bout it from your point of view let's talk about it
I just wanna fuck, slidin' in them dooley trucks
Reachin’ for a drive, gettin' high, bitch we movin' up
Get euthanized from the skies tryna kill or duck
A hunnid rounds when we slidin' you can't run from uss, oh, naw, nahEmbed