Earth to Pun.. come in Pun..
"Look at me, I'm the Water Boy!"
Yeah yeah yeah..
The levels the levels the levels be good?
Levels is good, levels is good?
Yeah..

You got to watch those, jokers who pop those
You know those, crusty-lipped snot-nosed
Easy to spot those, actin rah rah, talkin bla-bla
That's ca-ca, chill pa-pa, no ah-ahh (ah-ahh)

I'm quick to dumb out, run up in yo' crib with the guns out
Spray your peeps, smack the baby teeth out your son mouth
Who can stop me? I told shorty I'ma shoot you papi
Caught him in the crapper with the clapper;
While he was doin caci
I'll probably die in jail - make it through life and fry in hell
Either way I'ma lead the way, 'cause only time'll tell
I rhyme for real, not that imaginary vocabulary
I really will stab you and every one of my adversaries
There's no remorse - fuck these thug niggas, show me the boss
Gimme a hustle worth the risk of goin' up North
I love my freedom, and you know I love my bein'
So sometimes I gotta get ugh and mug for my per diem
I'll see him in hell, we'll settle it there, better it there
And no innocent bystanders to get hit with a spare
Like I really care who catches strays from the MAC
Like I really care who you paid to rap on your track
Nigga you wack - you ain't bringing nuttin for us
I got songs with the Devil and Jesus singin on the chorus
You can't ignore us, nigga you know how we roll
Sixteen in the clip and one in the hole
You might also like
You got to watch those, jokers who pop those
You know those, crusty-lipped snot-nosed
Easy to spot those, actin rah rah, talkin bla-bla
That's ca-ca, chill pa-pa, no ah-ahh (ah-ahh)

Can't no comp come at me, this battle the Bronx'll back We got the nicest niggas alive talkin bout, "Papi's nasty"
Cocky crafty like Rocky sassy Puerto Rock Apache
Posse not even the cops could catch me
I'm too fast - four-hundred pounds, but I move ass
Soon as you spoke, I already smoked you with two jabs
My game is tight - you wanna play, just name your price
Fame to ice, your brains your life, the game is sheist
And I'm the trifest on the field
Even in school I was nominated the most likeliest to kill
This bastard steal, a full clip and a extra
And I'mma blast ya til your whole click respeta
Leave you muerta, it ain't me it's the metra
'tate quieta, the bitch got a bad temper
Don't surrender - you ain't got a chance
You be lucky to leave here half-dead, in an am-bu-lance
So take a chance, but expect the worst
Put my foot so far up your ass
The sweat on my knee'll quench your thirst
You got to watch those, jokers who pop those
You know those, crusty-lipped snot-nosed
Easy to spot those, actin rah rah, talkin bla-bla
That's ca-ca, chill pa-pa, no ah-ahh (ah-ahh)Embed
Yeah.. no more runnin
Hahah..
Yeah no more America's Most and all that shit there
Rockin the mic now
Runnin with my nigga Pun Boogie baby
Lot of niggas fronted
Said they gonna put me on, help me and shit like that there
But you kept it golden with me my nigga
That's right, you fuckers
Dead, and still killin shit!

I'm the wrong one to fuck with
Fuck with me and you'll get stuck quick, fuck you suck dick, hah
You ain't got no wins in mi casa
Que te pasa, you ain't even in my clasa
I'm the wrong one to fuck with
Drivebys in the truck quick, fuck you suck dick, hah
You ain't got no wins in mi casa
Que te pasa, hah ha..

I'm as wicked as Hitler first born
Cause of me, lot of old ladies purse gone
"Kill Niggas Softly" but not with her song
Matter of fact I kill em viciously, brutally
Strip them clowns down to nudity
Shove the chrome where they doodoo be
It's a stick up, don't try to get brave
Don't even chance it Duke
I want y'all motherfuckers strippin like you dance for loot
Don't stop, give it give it - or you gon' get it get it
Get your fuckin Yankee fitted splitted when I spit it spit it
Y'all faggot rappers funny as Saturday Night Live
Creep through in a white 5 and snipe five
Y'all got some trife wives
Show me where y'all re' at, where the ki' at
Sleep eat shit and pee at, park your 3 at
Spark like Vietnam, tell your mom through the intercom
"UPS ma'am sign here," send a bomb
Leave that bitch - roasted and toasted like a chestnut
And if I run out of milk, for cereals, I leave her breasts cut
Got this pitbull and I feed him fresh guts - sick em Cujo!
Steal your bitch and dick the culo
Slam yo' ass and I don't know a lick of judo
Fly to P.R. - stick Menudo
Come back, cop a 6 with two-do'
Cop a brick from you know who, Julio Crew
From Washington Heights in jail I had niggas washin my Nike's
Now I'm squashin the mic, extortionist type
Harsh with a knife
I'm flossin yo' ice on some Bronx shit tonight
You might also like
I'm the wrong one to fuck with
Fuck with me and you'll get stuck quick, fuck you suck dick, hah
You ain't got no wins in mi casa
Que te pasa, you ain't even in my clasa
I'm the wrong one to fuck with
Drivebys in the truck quick, fuck you suck dick, hah
You ain't got no wins in mi casa
Que te pasa, hah ha..

Cannibalism is livin' in my metabolism
Givin em spasms and aneurisms at baby baptisms
That's all my thugs thinkin bout, drinkin your blood
Boriquans love flooded rugs bloody and bloated mugs
Even the reverend can get a severing when I'm beheading
The Armageddon is deading demons, Jesus in heaven
Goin back to spiritual ritual times
What you gon' find - shiftings of Satan in critical bind
Nevermind, I do that often, I've risen often
Bust out my coffin, I'm a livin abortion
Battled the Devil and deaded his demons
Trained other beings to be in his different levels of Hell
Still screamin
Seein bodies bloody and babies bloated corroded
Know the Chinese exploded
Know they run with Gotti who know it (check it)
I never run I never ran, the fattest motherfuckin man
I roll with Cuban makin' junk to jams
That's all I'm knowin and I'm never kneed
All on your soul I feed, I'm lettin' punk motherfuckers bleed
Fuckin with me, better hide yo' seed
Better think twice, before you ride on me
Cause I'mma lift your weight
Then I'm droppin you in the incinerator
Then I'm hittin the hospital and poppin two in the incubator
That's how we do it pana, hardcore, no more goo-goo ga-ga
Oh I'm sorry pa-pa, was you the da-da?
I'm the wrong one to fuck with
Fuck with me and you'll get stuck quick, fuck you suck dick, hah
You ain't got no wins in mi casa
Que te pasa, you ain't even in my clasa
I'm the wrong one to fuck with
Drivebys in the truck quick, fuck you suck dick, hah
You ain't got no wins in mi casa
Que te pasa, hah ha..
I'm the wrong one to fuck with
Fuck with me and you'll get stuck quick, fuck you suck dick, hah
You ain't got no wins in mi casa
Que te pasa, you ain't even in my clasa
I'm the wrong one to fuck with
Drivebys in the truck quick, fuck you suck dick, hah
You ain't got no wins in mi casa
Que te pasa, hah ha..Embed
C'mon..
Yeah yeah.. uhh, uh-huh..
(Oh shit!) Hehehe.. (Ohhh shit!!)
C'mon (yeah yeah) c'mon!!
Uhh, yeah, this is the motherfuckin uncut
Long time comin, ya heard?
M.O.P. (c'mon, uhh) Big motherfuckin Punisher
 What'cha gon' do?
Uhh.. Terror Squad (yeah)
Bronx.. Brook-lawn collabo'
 Yo, yo, yo..
Ya heard me?

This is for my twenty-five to life bidders
Pork fried rice eaters
New York, New York - ice rockin tight wifebeaters
We the truth, don't let your dead body be the proof
Leave your wisdom rotten with holes - and I don't mean your tooth
I'm hundred proof, that's perfect percentage
Since birth I inherit the gift to spit a verse that reverse the apparent
The spirit's born, here to bring life to the dormant
Right where you snoring from night to the morning
Bless the mic like Elijah Muhammad
Or Christ how you want it? I got what you need
From God to the streets, come on motherfucker you talkin to me?
Big Pun!! The papichulo out to screw you
Bop with the dumb Glock
Hunchback, like Quasimoto
You might also like
 Set off the sirens
 Form the alliance
 South Bronx, Brook-lawn nigga
 New York Giants (c'mon!)
 Leave em brainless
 Hit em with the stainless
 It's the..
"World's.. world's.. world's famous!"
 C'mon - violence!
 Form the alliance
 South Bronx, Brook-lawn pa-pa
 New York Giants
 Leave em brainless
 Hit em with the stainless
 It's the..
"World's.. world's.. world's famous!"

I bring death to your front door like an escort from Hell
Or ring the bell like you wanna just talk, and just - rock your world
Like Dahved Levy, my Squad get busy if you try to diss me
Cock the glizzy give you one back peace to 'Pac and Biggie
Cause my commitee ain't only known for the flowin
Put they holes in your colon send you rollin like when you're bowlin
A perfect strike - let me show y'all niggas what I learned from Ike
I hurt your wife - put the trife ass in the earth aight?
I'm shootin at you - and that's off the top like Supernatural
Attribute your crew turn those goons to statue like Medusa was lookin at you
Clap you with your own heat - Homie
If this was L.A., I'd be a motherfuckin O.G
 Set off the sirens
 Form the alliance
 South Bronx, Brook-lawn nigga
 New York Giants (c'mon!)
 Leave em brainless
 Hit em with the stainless
 It's the..
"World's.. world's.. world's famous!"
 Violence
 Form the alliance
 B.X
 Violence
 B.K
 Violence

I breaks the world off with a bang (BANG!)
"How About Some.." FUCK THAT! Look nigga, you know the name
It's the One slash, Seven-One-Eight, slash
M dot O dot P dot, First Family dot
Boogie Down, Brooklyn (DAMN YOU)
Step the fuck back, before I get Big Pun to earth-slam you
I rep for my cellblock niggas
And cats from Puerto Rico, Uptown screamin out, "Perrico!"
Yep, this nigga strike, I've survived mad nigga fights
Lil' Fame, insane brain, to fill your gigabytes
Merc out on machines with loud pipes
Niggabytes, six-double-oh's, and ?? bikes
You want Seven One Eight Terror (SQUAD), William (DANZE)
First (FAM).. easy soldier!
I'm not a killer, I just pop a lot
Grew up in Brownsville, in a brownstone, by a vacant lot
Satan's got - my mind, my body, and my - SOUULLLLLLLL
Ohh! I don't blame you; you switched your gameplan
When you found out your main man was named Danze
Nigga - I'm filled with anger!
You fuckin with a hooded soldier, Cobra your life is in danger
(FIRST FAMILY STYLE) all the way out
BANG (BANG) BANG (BANG)
Till your brains hang out1Embed
Yeah, the foundation, L.G.P
Latins Goin Platinum baby!
Yeah yeah, yeah..
Uhh, year 2000
Terror Squadians (Terror Squad)
We rock the party and (you won't like me when I'm angry)
(I guarantee you, you won't like me when I'm angry)
Yeah, yeah, yeah.. Terror Squadians
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (uhh, yeah)
We rock the party and..

YEAH, I tear the club up, pull up in the Hummer with Pun
My fuckin brother, makin motherfuckers run for cover
The number runner son, I'm nothin but a hustler
Burnin rubber with drugs, stuffed up in the muffler
Shut the fuck up! Bust a slug through your jugular
Plus suckers get fucked up with golf clubs, never front on us
T.S. baby, straight out the B.X. baby
So if they B.S., we deeper than the U.S. Navy
You ain't crazy - laid up in the club like WHAT?
With all the ladies - showin us nothin but LOVE
Guzzlin 80 - proof to truth, straight to the GUT
In a Mercedes - Coupe fucked up doin a BUCK
If Jakes chase me - I'm cuttin off trucks, pressin my LUCK
It's all gravy - puffin the blunt, blazin it UP
Maybe you hate me - cause your baby mom's on my NUTS
She wanna rape me - just because I'm sexy as FUCK
So nigga WHAT?
You might also like
 Tear the club up!
 Cause we don't care
 E'rybody strip
 Yeah we don't care
 Shoot the place up!
 Yeah we don't care (nuh-ah)
We don't care (nuh-AH!)
We don't care!! (NAHHHAHH!)
 Yeah we don't care
 T. Squaders
 Yes, yeah we don't care
 Fuck you nigga!
 Nah we don't care (nuh-ah)
We don't care (nuh-AH!)
We don't care!! (NAHHHAHH!)

Yo
I'm livin in madness, given the Spanish props
I got to have it
Loadin and bustin' up mad clips, gettin' up asses
Grabbin' the girls on they asses
Duck when the mac hits or be dead before your body falls
Cause when my shotty roars we ignore Giuliani laws
My trigger got no heart nigga, I'm blowin apart liver
And holdin the Glocks, call to the cops, I'm blowin the spot
Baby better head for the hills, my niggas wild for the night
My lead ready to peel this shit really real
My clip really filled, your chick better chill
My dick fit to kill, we fittin to ill
No survivors, frozen Godivas or roses and flowers
Sour the grapes of those opposin the Squaders
Thrown in the garbage, like funky pajamas
Word to my junkie mama
I'mma keep it funky for homies up in Elmira
You fuckin with scholars, street knowledge
Carter kids stuck to the projects
Go ahead keep checkin that ball
N' me n' Cuban gon' keep doublin our chips
Keep talkin that thug shit like you bored
In a year? when you gonna buck shit?
Whether there's hundreds
And what? this count as more shit
 Tear the club up!
 Cause we don't care
 E'rybody strip
 Yeah we don't care
 Shoot the place up!
 Yeah we don't care (nuh-ah)
We don't care (nuh-AH!)
We don't care!! (NAHHHAHH!)
 Yeah we don't care
 T. Squaders
 Yes, yeah we don't care
 Fuck you nigga!
 Nah we don't care (nuh-ah)
We don't care (nuh-AH!)
We don't care!! (NAHHHAHH!)

Uhh..
Yeah..
Big Punisher..
Cuban Link..
Terror Squad..
Y'all wanna party? Gon' party our way..
Anything goes..
The code of the streets, WHAT WHAT? ..Embed
A-yo, I shatter dreams like Jordan, assault and batter your team
Your squadron'll be barred from rap like Adam and Eve from the garden
I'm carvin' my initials on your forehead
So every night before bed, you see the BP shine off the boardhead
Reverse that, I curse at the first wack nigga with the worst rap
'Cause he ain't worth jack
Hit him with a thousand pounds of pressure per slap
Make his whole body jerk back, watch the Earth crack
Hand him his purse back
I'm the first Latin rapper to baffle your skull
Master the flow, niggas be swearin' I'm blacker than coal, like Nat King
I be rappin' in tongues, packin' the ones
Magnums, cannons and Gatling guns
It's Big Pun — the one and only son of Tony Montana
You ain't promised mañana in the rotten manzana
Come on, pana, we need more rhymers
Feel the marijuana, snake bite, anaconda
A man of honor wouldn't wanna try to match my persona
Sometimes rhymin', I blow my own mind like Nirvana
Comma, and go the whole nine like Madonna
Go try to find another rhymer with my kind of grammar
When you awaken, your manhood'll be taken
Fakin' like you Satan when I'm the rhymin' abomination
When you awaken, your manhood'll be taken
Fakin' like you Satan when I'm the rhymin' abomination
You might also like
I'm pure adrenaline, uncut, straight to the gut, medicine
Raw cure for pain, I coat your brain like polyurethane
Simple and plain, I'll explain it in layman terms
If you came to learn how to make fire, I'mma make it burn
Higher and hotter than lava, the scholar adviser
As smart as MacGyver, could put honor inside the heart of a liar
Involved in a life of crime, fuck it, I like the shine
Up in the white and lime, clutched with the pipe design
Plushed out (No doubt), both pockets about to bust out
If you not in it for the spinach, GET THE FUCK OUT!
Take a hike, we can even battle to make it right
Go 'head, lace the mic, you finished? SAY GOODNIGHT!
Head-to-head in the street, I'll leave you dead on your feet
Settlin' beef, I'll even let you rhyme to the "Benjamins" beat
But it won't matter, your dreams still gon' shatter
It's a long ladder to climb, and mine is on the stagger
So get outta town, 'fore I hit you with the loudest sound
You ever heard; Desert Bird, player, you outta bounds
When you awaken, your manhood'll be taken
Fakin' like you Satan when I'm the rhymin' abomination
When you awaken, your manhood'll be taken
Fakin' like you Satan when I'm the rhymin' abomination
When you awaken, your manhood'll be taken
Fakin' like you Satan when I'm the rhymin' abomination
When you awaken, your manhood'll be taken
Fakin' like you Satan when I'm the rhymin' abomination
You know the Pun'll diss you if your whole steez is unofficial
I'll come and get you and let the Desert Eez tongue-kiss you
With one pistol and two clips, I'll make your crew do flips
Like acrobatics, I'm charismatic, my gat is magic
It makes rappers disappear, whisper in your ear, crystal clear
"Come here, let me kiss your tears!"
Everything you fear is here, you ain't gotta search further
The first murder's the worst, now I thirst further
For reverse birth, every verse hurts, every curse word's
Already more offendin' than Eddie Murph's worst
I thirst for blood like a vampire
Any man claimin' his game's tighter IS A GODDAMN LIAR!
I set 'em on fire, retire your train of thought
Drain a quart of blood out ya brain and leave ya insane in the dark
The King of New York, lays his crown in the Boogie Down
And sprays the town with the MAC, hoodied down
I'm no joke, I'll soak your face with a sweeper
Die in disgrace or face your death through the speaker
When you awaken, your manhood'll be taken
Fakin' like you Satan when I'm the rhymin' abomination
When you awaken, your manhood'll be taken
Fakin' like you Satan when I'm the rhymin' abomination
When you awaken, your manhood'll be taken
Fakin' like you Satan when I'm the rhymin' abomination
When you awaken, your manhood'll be taken
Fakin' like you Satan when I'm the rhymin' abomination23Embed
As the full eclipse approaches
I must build the illest creation
Known, to mankind
(Master, what are you going to do?)
Big Daddy Kane
Kool G Rap
Rakim the Master
Eddie Murphy
(Why, why you need Eddie Murphy?)
Cause he's a funny muthafucka
Michael Jackson
(Michael Jackson?)
Because he has money
Fuckin' dickhead
(I'm sorry master, haha, I'm very sorry)
The heart of a Indian
The strength of a black man
And the pride of a Spaniard
I present to you...
The Punisher!
You might also likeIt's Alive!Embed
Oh
Ooh, yeah
Don't wanna be a player (TS)

I don't wanna be a player no more
I'm not a player, I just fuck a lot
But Big Punisher still got what you're lookin' for
For my thug niggas, for my thug niggas (Don't wanna be, don't wanna be)
I don't wanna be a player no more
I'm not a player, I just fuck a lot
But you know Big Pun and Joe still down by law
Who's down to fuck tonight?

Ayo, I'm still not a player, but you still a hater
Elevator to the top, hah, see you later
I'm gone, penthouse suite, Penthouse freaks
In-house beach, French comtesse, 10 thou' piece
Rent-out lease with an option to buy
Coppin' a 5 or Benz for when I'm not far up in the sky
Puffin' the lye from my Twinzito
Up in the Benzito with my kiko from Queens nicknamed Perico
We go back like PAs and wearin' PJs
Now we reached the peakage, runnin' trains for three days
Who wanna ride? It won't cost you a dollar
Whether soft or harder, of course you still gonna holla
Mama, I'm thick, huh? I'll rip my prick through your hooters
I'm sick, you couldn't measure my dick with six rulers
Hold up, chula, I'm all about gettin' loot
But I'll knock that boot if you out to get koofed
You might also like
I don't wanna be a player no more
I'm not a player, I just fuck a lot
But Big Punisher still got what you're lookin' for
Uptown, baby, uptown
I don't wanna be a player no more
I'm not a player, I just fuck a lot
But you know Big Pun and Joe still down by law
Who's down to fuck tonight?

I love 'em butter pecan to blackberry molass'
I don't discriminate, I regulate every shade of the ass
Long as you show class and pass my test
Fat ass and breasts, highly intelligent bachelorettes
That's the best, I won't settle for less
I want a ghetto brunette with unforgettable sex
Now lay your head on my chest and feel my heartbeat
We can park the Jeep, pump Mobb Deep and just spark the leaf
It's hard to creep since I found Joe
Every pretty, round, brown ho wanna go down low
But this Boogie Down professional, I'ma let you know
Once I put the blows, get your clothes, 'cause you got to go
I could go downstairs, little brown hairs everywhere
You nasty, Twin, I don't care
'Round here they call me Big Pun, if you with the big guns
Thick tongue, known to make the chicks cum
Up in the hot tub poppin' bubbly
Rubbin' your spot, love, got you screamin', "Punish me!"
But it don't stop, watch the Pun get wicked
When I stick it even Luke be like, "Don't stop, get it, get it"
Up in the hot tub poppin' bubbly
Rubbin' your spot, love, got you screamin', "Punish me!"
But it don't stop, watch the Pun get wicked
When I stick it even Luke be like, "Don't stop, get it, get it"

I don't wanna be a player no more
But Big Punisher still got what you're lookin' for
I don't wanna be a player no more
But you know Big Pun and Joe still down by law
Who's down to fuck tonight?

Boricua, morena
Boricua, morena
Boricua, morena
Boricua, morena
Boricua, morena
Boricua, morena
No more rollin' with an entourage
Unless it's Pun and the Terror Squad
Beatin' niggas down somethin' silly
Joe and Big Punisher
Boricua, morena
Boricua, morena
Boricua, morena
Boricua, morena
Boricua, morena
Boricua, morena
Boricua, morena
Boricua, morena
Boricua, morena
Boricua, morena
Boricua, morena
Boricua, morena37Embed
And though the rain
Keeps fallin' down
I know the sun
Won't wash away
And though the rain
Keeps fallin' down
I know the sun
Won't wash away

You see, that's what I do
I sing, that's my outlet
You need one

I ain't no fuckin' singer

But you are-
One of the best I've ever heard
When you rhyme-
It's like, it's like music to me
It's magic
Don't ever take it for granted
You have a gift
You might also like
And though the rain
Keeps fallin' down
I know the sun
Won't wash away
And though the rain
Keeps fallin' down
I know the sun
Won't wash away

You have to share it
Understand?
Come on Pun
Just try
One time
Then they all know
You understand?
Then they all know
That you the one

And though the rain
Keeps fallin' down
I know the sun
Won't wash away
Yeah, yeah-yeah
Like that Twin
You got it
Now they all know
Got you Props
You know I got you Twin
Much love2Embed
Niggas is flossing a lot, time to start extorting the block
Just a portion of the prod' off the top for my Porsche and my yacht
Something for the cops to keep 'em blind
So we can grind with peace of mind
Turn the key and shine without being dimed
Time to expand — New York to Chicago, Colorado
You know my motto: Clock G's and rock keys like Drago
Pablo Escobar and Dom Pérignon
We're buying out the bar and Don Juan
And every woman's Chandonin'
Long donging 'em down like Sean Michaels does 'em
I'm like a psycho fucking, sucking the butt like liposuction
Up and down with the tongue twister
C'mon on, sister, Big Pun's Mr. "Cock and Squeeze" like a gun tester
Crushing sisters' backs with the demon snap
Hit you from the back, close your eyes, relax, let me feed the cat
Living phat, true mack, niggas was catching feelings
Dealing with a smaller deck, it just wasn't as mass appealing
I started feeling funny, niggas coming short with money
I called my son, he told me "Chill!", he'd be over in twenty
"Punny, what's the deal? Niggas wanna kill me"
He said, "It's real, they jealous and tired of seeing me Willie silly"
Had more to claim, niggas throwing shit in the game
Gave my wife some pictures with me and bitches running the train
It's like a dream, I called my team and started flipping
Locked the clip in, started lifting niggas off the ground like a magician
I skipped town, be back around when things quiet down
I lost it all for now, but it'll take more to hold me down
You might also like("Top of the world, ma! Haha! Top of the world!")

Yo, this is the bad time
Boomerang! Bring it all back
Flashback, live and prosper, eat well and get fat
I was Pop Dula, pop-ular to the masses
I miss the E-Classes, rocking Game Of Death glasses
Rock bottom struck and threw my world off its axis
Boomerang! Plan to come back like Bronx rap
Storm like the Redcoats through anything in my path
First, you shining like sterling, then you broke like brick in Berlin

Now, should I slit my wrists? Go for it all or call it quits?
Picture me taking my life, leaving my wife and my daughter shit
Wish I could slip back and switch the memories
Lift the felonies from my record, and respected my enemies
Live like the Kennedy's — above the law, fuck 'em all!
I'm coming for the rich, thieving 'em even if I wasn't poor
I seen it all like I said before
The streets are for men at war, and the beasts are the predators
I shed it all first and be the primary source
Of course, I bury any adversaries trying to floss
Just because, the reason I leave 'em lost in the sauce
Teeing off like we up North just for being soft
A beaten horse like a slave, getting minimum wage
Filling the gauge, front page, these are the last days!
Cash pays and rules — the root of all evil
Shooting amigos for loot and perico polluting our people
Moving kilos like it's all good through every ghetto
I ain't judging, but bugging, how we fall so many levels?
The devil's got us by the balls
That's why the law allows the drugs to overflood
Knowing we gonna buy it all
It's time to call a world order where every girl's your daughter
And priceless as ice is, and pearls fresh out the water
I'm gonna get mine, either from crime or through the Bible
Whichever way, it better pay, I'm feeling suicidal
This is the bad time
Boomerang! Bring it all back
Flashback, live and prosper, eat well and get fat
I was Pop Dula, pop-ular to the masses
I miss the E-Classes, rocking Game Of Death glasses
Rock bottom struck and threw my world off its axis
Boomerang! Plan to come back like Bronx rap
Storm like the Redcoats through anything in my path
First, you shining like sterling, then you broke like brick in Berlin19Embed
You can catch me in the cherry red 150
Got the Glizzy locked in the stizzy
Pop the clizzy, goin' 60 down a one-wizzy
Drunk pissy, tryin' to cruise through the avenue
While my peoples is poppin' bottles up in Sue's Rendezvous
Fuck that! Spun the U-ey, lost a hubcap
It's back to the shack, came back in a "What's that?!"
Straight from Paris, checkin' Gaby's new baby carriage
Perry Ellis, auburn cherry reddish
Fresh out the dealer, got the TEC for the squealers
Wear a vest for the killers, nothin' less ‘cause it's realer
In the Big Apple, where it's quick to get your shit tackled
Enemies spit at you, best friends kidnap you
Trust no one; got beef? Bust yo' gun
You don't need no one, talkin' 'bout that you owe 'em
I'ma go for dolo, Scarface without Manolo
One deep, I be solo, bustin' heat, throwin' bolos, it's hard

And it's so hard, yeah
Niggas wanna be like Pun
But they don't bust they guns
And it's so hard!
Niggas wanna fuck my wife
Nggas wanna take my life
But it's so hard!
You might also like
It's hard work, baby
I just lost a hundred pounds, I'm tryin' to live
I ain't goin' nowhere
I'm stayin' alive, baby
That's my wife, I paid for them titties!
Get your own! Your own! Ya heard?!

Rollin' with the Squad, we like Gods
Catch us at the bar-de-bar-de-bars, strip bars in Miami
Almost came home with the Grammy
Next year, bringin' home three for the family
Watch me, you can catch it live on Hitachi
Poppin' shit like a Nazi, iced out like DeBiase
Fuck that! Liberace, fo'-X Versace, somebody stop me!
Never that! SKEE-YU! Where my niggas at?
Uptown!! Uptown!! You know you feelin' that
Cash rule, hardcore, you can dance to
That old Biggie "Gimme One More Chance..."
Take a glance, then I'm off with yours
With both hands, take off my drawers and jerk me like the Source Awards
I love hip-hop, I ain't even probably the best lyricist alive
Terror Squad, nigga, stop sleepin'!

What you say your name was again?
And I know you from where? Elementary school?
I don't know you, man!
Money, not you again, go that way!
And it's so hard, yeah
Niggas wanna be like Pun
But they don't bust they guns
And it's so hard!
Niggas wanna fuck my wife
Nggas wanna take my life
But it's so hard!

Yeah, you ain't fuckin' my wife, takin' my life
And if you just hatin', just walk on by
All you haters, just walk on by
See, me and Big Pun be rollin'
Schemin' on you and your homie
Better just walk on by
While we role back and talk for a while
And to the Boricuas — stay up, stay up, stay up!
And to all my homies — you gotta know what's up!5Embed
("I can feel it!")
Ready for war, Joe, how you wanna blow they spot?
I know these dirty cops that'll get us in if we murder some wop
Hop in your Hummer, the Punisher's ready
Meet me at Vito's with Noodles
We'll do this dude while he's slurpin' spaghetti
Everybody kiss the fuckin' floor
Joey Crack — buck 'em all
If they move, Noodles, shoot that fuckin' whore!
Dead in the middle of Little Italy
Little did we know
That we riddled two middlemen who didn't do diddly

It'll be a cold day in Hell the day I take an L
Make no mistake, for real, I wouldn't hesitate to kill
I'm still the fat one that you love to hate, catch you at your mother's wake
Smack you, then I whack you with my snub tré-eight

I rub your face off the Earth and curse your family's children
Like Amityville, and drill the nerves in your cavity fillin'
Insanity's buildin' a pavilion in my civilian
The cannon be the anarchy that humanity's dealin'
A villain without remorse who's willin' to out your boss
Forever and take all the cheddar like child support
You might also like
I support Pun in anything he does, anything he loves
A brother from another mother sent from the above
A thug nigga just like me, one of the best, might be
Even better, leavin' niggas kneelin' on they right knee
Spike Lee couldn't paint a better picture
You small change, I'm blowin' out your brains, gettin' richer
Hit you with the MAC! (MAC) Smack your bitch, nigga, what!?
You gettin' stuck! My trigger finger's itchy as a fuck!
Truck jewels (Jewels!), cruisin' in the Land, bumpin' "Cash Rules"
Last crew to want it caught a hundred tryna pass through
That's true! So who the next to get it?
T.S. — the best that did it
Get it off your chest, kid, admit it, and it's…
Yeah! And you don't stop!
Twenty-shot Glock with the cop-killers, fill 'em to the top
Yeah! And you don't stop!
Joey cracks the rock, and Big Pun keeps the guns cocked
Yeah! And you don't stop!
We'll make it hot, nigga, what? Bring it, I blow your whole spot
Yeah! And you don't stop!
It's still 187 on an undercover cop

Fuck the police, I squeeze first, make 'em eat dirt
Take 'em feet-first through the morgue, then lodge 'em in the deep earth
The street's cursed, the First Amendment's culturally biased
Supposed to supply us with rights, tonight, I hold my rosaries tight as I can
I'm one man against the world
Just me and my girl — Black Pearl Latina, más fina, but keeps it real
You know the deal, we steal from the rich and keep it
Peep it, it's no secret, watch me and Joe go back and forth and freak it
Creep with me, as I cruise in my Bimmer
All the kids in the ghetto call me Don Cartagena
Kickin' ass as I blast off heat
And, you never see me talk to police
So, you should know that I really don't care
Pull you by the hair, slit your throat and I'll leave you right there
So beware — it's rare that niggas want beef
Big Pun — speak, and let these motherfuckers know how we run the streets

Fuck peace, I run the streets deep with no compassion
Puerto Ricans known for slashin', catchin' niggas while they sleepin', no relaxin'
Keep your eyes open, sharp reflexes
Three TEC's is in the Jeep Lexus just in case police test us
Street professors, Terror Squad — ghetto scholars
Full-A-Clips mob inflicts the fear of God when the metal hollers
Better acknowledge or get knocked down, until I'm locked and shot down
Heather B. couldn't make me put my Glock down

We lock towns like rounds in the chamber
Boogie Down major like Nine, I bust mine every time
Plus, I'm the crime boss of New York
Where we taught to walk the walk, all my niggas carry chalk
And stalk our prey like a predator
Whoever want it — go and get it, set it, baby, and I'ma bury ya
So remember the Squad that I'm reppin'
I fill a clip of my weapon and punish niggas 'til it's Armageddon
Yeah! And you don't stop!
Twenty-shot Glock with the cop-killers, fill 'em to the top
Yeah! And you don't stop!
Joey cracks the rock, and Big Pun keeps the guns cocked
Yeah! And you don't stop!
We'll make it hot, nigga, what? Bring it, I blow your whole spot
Yeah! And you don't stop!
It's still 187 on an undercover cop
Yeah! And you don't stop!
Twenty-shot Glock with the cop-killers, fill 'em to the top
Yeah! And you don't stop!
Joey cracks the rock, and Big Pun keeps the guns cocked
Yeah! And you don't stop!
We'll make it hot, nigga, what? Bring it, I blow your whole spot
Yeah! And you don't stop!
It's still 187 on an undercover cop75Embed
I'm most concentrated on now, um, continuing to make history in Hip-Hop, ya know what I'm saying? Just making, making everybody proud of me, cause I'm, he's a rapper now, now it's like, I'm in history now so I gotta like, uphold, ya know what I mean?

Lotta pressure

Responsibility now (echo)You might also likeEmbed
Warning!

Yo, wanna rumble with the Pun, huh
*blows raspberry* Shit on the whole industry
Who puff more Owls than Pun? Pile on more styles than Pun?
Who the only one with over a thousand guns?
Running up in niggas cribs like I paid the bill
Make you squeal the combination to the safe for wealth
I lace your grill with the firestarter
Hit your wife with the sawed off
In the shower, power-drive ya daughter
I'm all about the fundamentals like Pun and pencil
A piece of paper, a decent caper and someone to strafe you
My mental's compatible with the radicals
My odyssey type qualities allow me to poli' with animals
Niggas is cannibals and the ghetto's the jungle
Where you either bet all your bundles
Or struggle or live civil and humble
My niggas'll rumble with any man for a Benny Fran'
Try to imagine what they can fathom for twenty grand
Niggas'll slice you and dice you into a thousand pieces
We pound out weak shit into the ground Uptown
Up in the Boogie Down, just wilding in jean
Pile on the green, surrounded in green like flowers in Spring
But now I'm a King, so it's more than money
All the honies used to call me Punny
'Cause my fam was always hungry
But now we rolling lovely and you feel worse
Want my money, let your steel burst
'Cause I'd rather see you in Hell first
You might also like
Mucho trabajo poquito dinero
I'm selling perico
Yo what's the deally yo
I'm Uptown making moves just like Castro
Mucho trabajo (Yo yo yo) poquito dinero
I'm selling perico
Yo what's the deally yo
Huh, I'm Uptown making moves just like Castro

Yo, yo, yo keep the lights, keep the camera, all I want is the action
The battle's on, where I roam in composition
A hardcore crowd waiting to see if I break
Like your first time in jail when you got fucked by an inmate
It'll never happen, I'm on balance like a Libra
And if I get murdered, Don't Cry For Me Argentina
Pour me a cup of vodka, bury me next to my father
In three days, I'll rise like Christ and still sober
Now my eyes open in my hands I got the Gatling
I'm looking for the guy that sent me to say hi to Satan
Fists of Fury, you wouldn't like me when I'm angry
I turn Mr. Roger's Neighborhood topsy turvy
Foes and enemies meaning the same in the dictionary
This ain't Pictionary, all you see is the cemetery
Bodies from World War I and II is there
You don't want a third war, that's nuclear warfare
So Big Pun, count the stacks, make it fast
Illegal money turns legal now we running a laundromat
Your hunchbacked and wack rap is packed in your backpack
You're better off in D.C. with the mayor smoking crack
This ain't a diss, Wyclef bomb threat
Run out of the building or get blast in your Guess
TEC for TEC or we can go text for text, oh
I forgot, you don't read so take this hole in your chest - blaow!
Hide the blood, give you the gun, run and hide
So when the DT shows up, he thought it was a suicide
Suicide, it's a suicide...
Mucho trabajo poquito dinero
I'm selling perico
Yo what's the deally yo
Uh, I'm Uptown making moves just like Castro
Mucho trabajo poquito dinero
I'm selling perico
Yo what's the deally yo
Uh, I'm Uptown making moves just like Castro
Mucho trabajo poquito dinero3Embed
I was the luckiest man on Earth, my wisdom was worth
Any purse but had a curse that hurt worse than giving birth
My first verse explains some of the games she was playing
I'm blaming myself 'cause in my wealth
Was where her pain would haven
Behaving like a money-hungry hooker
Funny how the money took her
From a average honey to a stunning looker
I look back and reminisce how we used to kiss
And smash hips in the GS I bought her last Christ'
She got too big for her britches but The Bridge is Over
Not the one in Queens, I mean the one she dreaming wasn't sober
Told her how I felt, gassed me when she cried for help
Supplied the guilt trip and I was whipped without a fucking belt
I felt stupid Cupid struck me with a poison arrow
Should have drowned you when I found you
Crushing in my boy's Camaro
I didn't bother but you probably find your lover dead
You robbed me of my honor, you ain't shit like my mother said

Come back, come back, come back, come back to me
Punisher, punish me
I've been so bad, so bad
Won't you come back, please?
You might also like
Nah baby, I'm not gonna be able to do it, you blew it
Threw it all the way 'cause you was stupid, girl why'd you do it?
I mighta knew it by the way you gave me a baby
Then left a day before I ever saw the son that God made me
It's hard maybe we can make amends, be friends
We're only hurting all of us for certain by forsaking him
Just take it in, don't even say a word, observe the way you were
Preserved, these words so you won't play the herb
Ever again, never pretend that he doesn't have a father
I'm always there and you don't wanna bother
I honor my word on my father's grave
Guide him through his hardest age
So he can thrive and survive in these modern days
I wanna raise my little man but you keep resisting
I'm insisting you chill for real before you come up missing
Listen, I don't wanna fight I'd rather do what's right
A boy needs a father that's the most important part of his life

Come back, come back, come back, come back to me
Punisher, punish me
I've been so bad, so bad
Won't you come back? (Come back baby)
Come back, come back, come back, come back to me
Punisher, punish me
I've been so bad, so bad
Won't you come back, please?
I gave you everything, love letters and sweaters with leather seams
Feathered wings and rings with emeralds right out of Geraldine's
Several dreams of cream fulfilled, the green Deville
Cadillac to mack, matter fact redeemed to bill
I mean for real, I ain't playing mami
How you wanna stay Armani fresh
Giving the next nigga my punani?
You want me back 'cause he hit it wrong, now you wanna get it on
With the Long Don, word is bond my shit is strong
(Come back) Girl, don't even start again, I beg your pardon
And get your hands off my six-button Cardigan
This ain't no love lost between us far as I'm concerned
Please leave, cut that busted weave I've been dying to burn
Go buy a perm, try and earn some respect
It's better to have loved and lost than to live with regret

Come back (Come back baby)... to, me
I want you to

Come back, come back, come back, come back to me
Punisher, punish me
I've been so bad, so bad
Won't you come back?
Come back, come back, come back, come back to me
Punisher, punish me
I've been so bad, so bad
Won't you come back?
To me, yeah, yeah
Alright, don't go, no
Ohhhhhahahaooahhoahhohhh, hmmmmmm ohh hmmm hmm
Yeahhhhhhhhh, take my hand, and punish me
Hmm, been so bad, come punish me, yeahh
Take my hand, and punish me, ohhh
Been so bad, come punish me, oh, oh, oh8Embed
You're my darlin' darlin' baby
You're my darlin' darlin' love
You're my darlin' darlin' baby
I said you're everything I ever hoped for in a woman
And as long as I may live
Ooh, you're...

Yo, I ain't a player, I just fuck a lot
Jump on top of my dick and work them hips until I bust a shot
It doesn't stop, I'm only beginnin', I'm bonin' your women
While you home all alone, I'm blowin' up in 'em
Sendin' them back to you, mad at you
Don't catch a motherfuckin' attitude
I'm just showin' you how this rapper do
Capital Punishment, when I'm up in it, suckin' it
Bustin' it out—nice blouse, let me unbutton it
You're fuckin' with King Papi Chulo when knockin' culo
Pop your mulos out the socket tryin' to ride with the sumo
You know my rise is high, word, I be drillin' 'em
Bitches be tryin' to ride, but the curve be killin' 'em
Fillin' 'em with the cash, my cheese premium unleaded
Come get it, first work the tongue, then let the Pun hit it
Split it in half, watch the gat, baby, take a bath
Be good, I might put away the wood and give you the mustache
You might also like
You're my darlin' darlin' baby
I ain't a player, I just fuck a lot
You're my darlin' darlin' love
I'm not a player, I just fuck a lot
You're my darlin' darlin' baby.."
I ain't a player, I just fuck a lot
You're my darlin' darlin' love
I'm not a player, I just fuck a lot

I bang a stranger in my torture chamber
Feed the locas chocha pinga
While I force my finger where my bolas linger
I bring the pain like Method when I flex and flip the coochie
Puerto Rican to the core, but no Boriquas eat the pussy
'Scuse me for bein' blunt, but I've been eatin' cunts
Since pimps was pushin' pink Caddies with the fish tank pumps
Bumpin' and grindin', simultaneously grindin'
Climbin' up the walls, with my balls bangin' off your hymen
I'm a diamond in the rough, (ugh) bustin' in your face
Taste the sweetness of my dick, rip your fetus out of place
Yo, bitches already know the repertoire
Step in my car, let's start the ménage à trois, like Escobar
By far, I'm the best at all sex positions, forget the kissin'
I'm skippin' the tongue-twistin', TS Tradition
You're my darlin' darlin' baby
I ain't a player, I just fuck a lot
You're my darlin' darlin' love
I'm not a player, I just fuck a lot
You're my darlin' darlin' baby.."
I ain't a player, I just fuck a lot
You're my darlin' darlin' love
I'm not a player, I just fuck a lot

Some chick in back of me, bought me a daiquiri
Told me meet her in back of Zachary's
'Cause she heard I was packin' meat
I bagged the freak and hit the telly
Got the Phillies, lifted her belly
And "Put it in Her Mouth," like Akinyele
Far from ugly but they used to say I'm too chubby
But since the money the honeys got nothin' but love for me
So rub my tummy and make a wish, I'll make you rich
Take your kids to the flicks, come back and fix your favorite dish
(Not!) You crazy bitch, I ain't with that, I'ma hit that
Split back to the shack where my other chicks at
Now can you dig that? I'm the mack, doin' my thing
Pullin' your strings, makin' you feel like you in a dream
It's the king of the Hip-Hop Quotables, givin' you multiples
Just by the tone of my voice in the vocal booth
I notice you doin' your thing with your crew
Is it aight if I come down there and sing to you?
You're my darlin' darlin' baby
I ain't a player, I just fuck a lot
You're my darlin' darlin' love
I'm not a player, I just fuck a lot
You're my darlin' darlin' baby.."
I ain't a player, I just fuck a lot
You're my darlin' darlin' love
I'm no player, I just fuck a lot

You're my darlin' darlin' baby
You're my darlin' darlin' love
You're my darlin' darlin' baby12Embed
Ayo, my murderous rap verbal attack is actual fact
Tactical tracks match perfectly with graphical stats
Half of you lack the magical dap of tragical rap
That tackles your back and shackles and laughs at you
That's a mathematical madness I'm on
The savage, the strong
The marriage and bond of havoc and song
This massacre's on, as if Picasso laced you
There's lots of hateful skeletons locked
In the closet of my castle of Grayskull
I'm possum at grade school
That's why I have to debate you
My raps are like Cable, slashing your facial
That's how a master degrades you, I'm battling Jesus
If he passes through my label I'm snatching his halo
God, I'll trade you, if you send my father back as an angel
Language is fatal and it's hypnotizing
I'm only emphasizing
I'm still all about business and enterprising
I'm super lyrical, with brain-booster chemicals
That's used up tentacles inside of my mental projectable

Lyrically, I'm supposed to represent
Niggas'll tell you that I'm nice with the blah, blah, blah
Lyrically, I'm-I'm supposed to represent
You might also like
Black Thought, the super lyricist, your arch-nemesis
Still with the Punisher, that's my accomplice
Stressing to emcees how they don't really want this
Electrifying shit his excellency Thought spit
These cats, they sentimental such with a gentle touch
Dancing double dutch and all saying nothing much
My sound wave lifting your chin up, like uppercuts
Newfound ways of ripping shit up, I develop
Your squad chest swell up, still you're mini-ay-ture to me
Nature-ally I bring the extremity
Musically intense with the globe in suspense
Contemplating where the world traveler been since
The Roots bless you with a strong record, long like a epic
Immerse you in some old next shit, ill poetic
Thought from Illadelph, somethin' like nothing else
My talk stomp like elephants upon every elf, 'cause what?

Lyrically, I'm supposed to represent
Niggas'll tell you that I'm nice with the blah, blah, blah
Lyrically, I'm supposed to represent
You will lose, I must break you
Lyrically, I'm supposed to represent
Niggas'll tell you that I'm nice with the blah, blah, blah
Lyrically, I'm-I'm-I'm, I'm supposed to represent
Ayo, peace Roots, East Coast niggas reppin' the streets most
With heat, toast, and keep close more Phillies than Pete Rose
These those niggas that'll lift your mentals
Lyrics'll twist your temples into pretzels
Like the Triumph instrumental
My instrumental's the Renaissance, no resem-ba-lance
To nothing you come across, lyrical holocaust
The crowd pleaser, emcees freeze then catch seizure
They praise the Lord of rap thesis, true believers
Just call me Baby Jesus, 'cause lately niggas be praising me
Just for the way I blaze the beat crazily, tape to CD lasery
It pays to be amazingly flavory
Gaze into my rhymes that basically hypnotize you occasionally
Occasionally as I focus on my next opus
The way it's all fucked up and emcees is hopeless
I'll leave your head wrecked as I erect sculptures
My thought's just a fortress
Approach this ferocious up-closeness

Lyrically, I'm supposed to represent
Niggas'll tell you that I'm nice with the blah, blah, blah
Lyrically, I'm-I'm-I'm, I'm supposed to represent

Lyrically
It's suicide
Lyrically
You've seen him, you know how strong he is
Lyrically
You can't win
Lyrically
It's suicide
Lyrically
You've seen him, you know how strong he is
Lyrically
You can't win
Lyrically
You can't win
Lyrically
You will lose
Lyrically
I must break you
Ly-ly-ly-ly-ly-lyrically22Embed
"Wake you up and as I stare in your face you seem stunned..." "Wake you up and as I stare in your face you seem stunned..."
"Wake you up and as I stare in your..."
"Wake you up and as I stare in your..."

"I wake you up and as I stare in your face you seem stunned"
Remember P, the one you got your whole style from?
"I wake you up and as I stare in your face you seem stunned"
Remember me, the one you got your rhyme style from?
"I wake you up and as I stare in your face you seem stunned"
Remember P, the one you got your rhyme style from?
"Yo it's the P" *cut and scratched*

Yo, disperse from off this, who the culprits
That claim to be the newest, rappin' bullshit
My rhymes get Ruger endorsements
My song boost Intratec sales through the ceiling
Let's talk with guns, convos 'til the po-lice come
Give you a red shirt with the wet hat to match
Burst macs like it's Hamburger Hill for real
It's Red Dawn when the Mobb get it on
My outfit stuck on some wild out shit, all about it
We move gambit through the overcrowded
Forthwith, pull out long fifths, extended clips
Point the nozzle and shift your back disc
Me and the clique-ah sit down and eat dinner
Wake up every mornin', write a new banger
That strike harder than your best attempt to sound like P
Or the H-A-V-O-C, nigga
You might also like
"I wake you up and as I stare in your face you seem stunned"
Remember me, the one you got the technique from?
"I wake you up and as I stare in your face you seem stunned"
Remember me, the one you got your freestyle from?
"I wake you up and as I stare in your face you seem stunned"
Remember Deck, I told y'all, Protect Ya Neck
"I'm Rebel INS your highness" *cut and scratched*
Fake one — take one!
No ultimatum, face one, there's no escape from
Straight from the grain come the great one
My blade swung! Decapitate your snake head, slit your snake tongue
Make one false maneuver — you a mystery
Unsolved, the mob that revolves automatically involved
Musclebound sounds surround commercial thugs
Rock turtledove Bowery suits and purple gloves
Me and you can have some fun, make it a blast
You couldn't take the impact with steel shoulder pads
Blood for blood, veteran covered in mud
Wounded in the midst of war, still tradin' slugs, gettin' major love!
Way above you newcomers
I come thunderin' with the heat of two summers
When I enter the zone, move mountains with the presence alone
Before the words rip through the microphone
Chrome dipped lyrics are known to split stone
You privatize, home in but can't seem to clone
"I wake you up and as I stare in your face you seem stunned"
Remember Pun, the one you bit your whole shit from?
"I wake you up and as I stare in your face you seem stunned"
Remember Pun, I snatched away the moon and blew away the sun
"I wake you up and as I stare in your face you seem stunned"
Remember Pun, the one with over a thousand guns
"You start to suffer" *cut and scratched*

Yo, Big Punisher's ready
Prodigy, Deck and me, QB ("Shaolin") and Bronx trilogy
Lyrically hazardous for your wealth, swing on your world's piece
Foil your plans, boil your grams, take your shine
Fold all your hands, spoil your mans, make him mine
Take all you made, call you gay on Hot 97
Drop by your dwellin', got the nueve right behind your melon
Ain't no tellin' when the bullet's behind the trigger
I do it to live niggas and Pulitzer Prize winners
You wouldn't survive, nigga, if I chose you
Froze you from ear to ear, showin' your whole vocal
Who told you, you could roll through?
My lyrics practically rose you from the grave like The Crows do
I told you a long time ago, don't ever fuck me
'Cause if I leave you half dead, consider yourself very lucky
Very ugly from the face up, leave you laced up
Joey Krillz, Pros, Cuban Link, Triple Seis, WHAT?!
"Soon you start to suffer"
"The RZA"
"The Inspectah Deck"
"Yo it's the P"
"The Punisher's ready"10Embed
 What would you do if you could do the unbelievable
 Once you rule the world every girl will want to be with you
 First I get the money then I get the power
 B-Real love to kill, eliminatin' the cops

Thinkin' of takin' a plane
To take a flight out to the red light
And smuggle ten pounds of weed
Make it home tonight
Be the number one smuggler in the area
Got enough weight to fill up an aircraft carrier
Herb slanger, Hasila Incorporated
State to state and overseas gettin' faded
The Buddha king had seen the green proton
I'm bringing it on right back home to Don
Many different strains of herb in my brain
I'm slippin' through customs in my hydro plane
Skunk and the one Chocolate Thai bud
Niggas, let's get high in the sky, hit the blunts
And the bongs fill up the lungs, niggas don't stop
Fools get sprung when they get to smoke up the crops
I give props for all the soldiers in the war
Yo, what would you do if the world was yours
You might also like
 What would you do if you could do the unbelievable
 Once you rule the world every girl would want to be with you
 First I get the money then I get the power
 Joey crack twistin' caps, enemies I devour

It was only a dream, 16 battin' Beamers and Benz's
Lying pendants with diamonds ill as lacin' in a face with a vengeance
Having blocks on in the livest parts dome
My mankind with crime is how you shine if you can't rhyme
Dime droppers will give your fad time if you sleep
But my mistake will be mastering heat on city streets
And in the east I be known as Don Cartegena
Claimin' the throne like Calderon in this heron arena
Lacin' the china with Menida
This felony repeater will be a leader
Like a preacher but so much deeper
Peep the shit that I be on, sippin' Don
Until I'm drunk with a million in my trunk like Nicky Barnes
Come on, I be the top extortionist
Adopt a dozen foster kids right out the motherfuckin' orphanage
Yea, I do it for the youth, I'm livin' proof
All my peeps on the streets know I speak the truth

 What would you do if you could do the unbelievable
 Once you rule the world every girl would want to be with you
 First you get the money then you get the power
 G Rap bustin' the gats and slangin' last by the hour
No doubt, I be the crime story of all ghetto territories
Soldiers at war be blowin' up niggas like Glory
With pharmaceutical lavatories
Majored in chemistry, PhD in streetology
Degree in drug industry
Combinin' H₂O with matter from crack batter
Residue molecules scatter
Launchin' rockets to make the pocket fatter
Mind brighter than Einstein's for crime
G equals the MC that ain't near the square, son I gets mine
But yo the kill will fill with force fields and shields
And holy steel, a nigga keep it real, you know the deal
If the stakes ain't too high for me to grab it
I gots to have it, stack all the cabbage
From conducting a drug traffic
Police'll chain me and tryna find a new plot to frame me in
They rein me in so I resort to evil thoughts like Damien
Display my fury to the DA and the jury
One hundred grand, the judge's hammer slams, I'm a free man

 What would you do if you could do the unbelievable
 Once you rule the world every girl would want to be with you
 First you get the money then you get the power
 Big Pun's the same son, bustin' my guns for the dollars
Yo, I walk on water, spit fire and shit Häagen-Dazs
Idolize no man like Conan and stand beside the gods
Be larger than life, twice as nice as your idol
Pump you with pride, then guide you straight to hell like the Bible
I'm liable to start manipulatin' minds, infiltrate and climb
Out the pitfalls of life, entice with nickle plated nine
It seems every time I dream I'm in a nightmare
I fiend to live in a world where mothers and queens of men would fight fair
 Hell Yea!
I wish I could, I wish I could
Never forget this whole damn world ain't shit, not just the hood
Yo, I'd change my life, make my wife forget the tears from the pain and physical abuse
Give her back her best years
Grab my chest hairs, pound my fist on the hard cement
Spark the scent, and cloud the sky to my heart's content
Repent if thou shall be forgiven
How could we be proud to live in a world
Which condemns man, child, and woman?
Child and woman2Embed
I'll battle you all, from the charts to ghetto stars
Face Triple Seis: the God of War like Mars
That leave MC's smashed by my Squad
It's odd y'all never seen relish, but always seem jealous
Of my extreme fellas, rockin' the pima sweaters
The ones who paid with their life
I rock for 40 days and 40 nights
And every verse is tight
Better than before: rough, rugged, and raw
Chainsaw metaphor that leave your brain sore
This ain't a game, I'll leave you maimed
Allow me to explain
I thrive on the pain while robbin' your chain
Nawmean, do him and the fiend, grab his wallet
Leave a trail, blazin' like Rasheed Wallace
What's today's knowledge?
Hold your heat like The Peacemaker
I walk the same streets the police take us
Livin' on the corner so won't speak it out my mouth
Respect and got the money, son, that's all that it's about
No doubt, silence of code, violence of mode
Under control, can tell my real niggas really roll
On the low, tryin' to blow trees
And for no reas' we hit a nigga up for mo' cheese
Better relate and start to think, or be the missing link
I got my Hustle on like Larry Flynt
You might also like
We brave in the heart, playin' a part, amazingly smart
Razor-sharp, futuristic raps - state of the art
Takin' New York cats past the stars, first it was Nasty Nas
Now watch me turn a Apple into Macintosh
Computer chip locomotion flow, La Cosa Nostra dough
Hold your toaster low; business, never personal
Just some words to know if you run the streets
Come in peace or leave in pieces
Even Jesus was killed by the polices
They crucified him, now they inject us with juice to fry 'em
Depends on the state; If death is my fate, then cool, I'm dyin'
If that's my destiny, it's meant to be
Just remember to bury the motherfucker that bent me right next to me
A'ight, crew? (No doubt, Pun!)
A'ight then, let's fight then, I'm hypin'
Comin' with the thunder and the lightnin'
Invitin' the comp, ice on the arm
Nights when I storm, snipin' your moms right from the Bronx
Mic in the palm, it's the ghetto god
I rip a nigga heart out his frame while I scream "Terror Squad!"
We larger than life, my initials carved in my wife
She said she’d starve when I die, understand I’m like God in her eyes
The Father of Christ, sure to be immortal
Guzzlin' beer bottles by the dozen
With Devin, that's mi hermano
We will be here, forever – KRS
We brave in the heart, p-p-p-playin' a part
Amazingly smart
Remember Pun, that's the ghetto God

You ain't understand how I push your wig back quick
A little quiet nigga wouldn't think I did that shit
I'm from where the guns love to introduce theyself
Reduce your health, little bulletproofs get felt
Who mind ready, for this big dog who hold a 9 steady
I'm John Blazin when you see the arms razin'
Shit, crime heavy already
I keep it sharper than the long 'chette
Far from a snitch nigga who call Teddy
I click triggers: how you more ready?
Switch quicker than Marbury
I'm a cherry, you a strawberry
If you lost that, mean I'm on top of the whip
You plottin' to flip, fuck around and get shot in the lip
You stop with the quick and never make another move
Even your mother lose
I hurt up your pops to pay your brother dues

We will be here, forever – KRS
We brave in the heart, p-p-p-playin' a part
Amazingly smart
Remember Pun, that's the ghetto God
Make way for krill, I don't play, I spray for real
Blow your top with the Glock—that's my favorite kill
Blaze your crib with like thirty shots
I'm already hot, but my last one is with some dirty cops
I play the streets with toast, 'cause the thieves is close
Want to keep your post? Then don't beef with Joe
Still niggas think I won't bring the heat out
That's like sayin' Puff ain't never beat up Steve Stoute
Truth first, Terror Squad: shoot first
War with me and you guaranteed to leave the Earth
I'm dressed to kill, my niggas rep for real
Joe Crack's back like I never had a deal
Hungry and shit, it don't get more lovely than this
Blow a hole through your ribs just for runnin' your lips
The street's a trip: either you deep or you sleep with the fish
I keep a fifth for them niggas that's seekin' to flip19Embed
Joe the Don God carter
This joint we are about to play is crazy
Cause we got the illest lyricists
From the illest clicks the best in the game
We was the only niggas to get this shit lined up like this
In AmericaYou might also likeEmbed

Bam, Spider-Man go down
Bam, Daredevil go down
All them niggas is going down
Punisher be taking they ass out

X-Men take out the Punisher

X-Man baby stuff, homes
All their costumes
And powers ain't shit
Punisher the real dope, homie

Word, I seen a seven-foot-tall
White Terminator nigga...
With twenty guns on my roof
Just the other day

Punisher be takin' out
All your stupid heroes
He be sayin'
Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!
Take out that nigga!
Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!
Bam! Bam! Bam! Bam!You might also like2Embed
Yo, what the deal, baby?
I see ya, a'ight?
Still not a player, but you still a hater
Ha! Pun here, where my horns at?
Where my horns?

Fa ye da da ya da da da da
Fa ye da da ya da da da
 X2
Pun, you came up
What, what? Makin' it happen
From rappin' on the corner to possibly goin' platinum
But when we roll, are you still ready to ride?
Yo, I'll be ready to ride and I'll be ready to die

Ay-yo, my word is bond
Long as I'm alive, I'mma put it on
Coulda gone to jake, shit, thug nigga 'til I'm gone
Weight of the Bronx, I'm flippin
Five boroughs thoroughly reppin'
Let's unite the city and step to the world as a weapon
'Cause everybody's checkin' for Pun, second to none
'Cause Latins goin' platinum was destined to come
The inevitable, heavenly, better than whatever you do
We eligible, TS is incredibly credible
For the revenue, we gettin' you open with lyrical dope
And these breaths that are potent is like an injectional dose
And it never quits
Take it from TS's top terrorist
Rapper slash hijacker, bombin' tracks ever since
I was young, I wasn't always Big Pun
It wasn't always this fun, ay-yo, I rose from the slums
I had to pay my due, lay a few
But I ain't sayin' who, stayin' true to the game
No names, playin' it cool, just me and the crew
Holdin' it down long as we round
We gonna keep sockin' it to you, like Homey D. Clown
Goin' down like 'Pac, ready to ride or die, nigga
La-da-le-la-la-la-la-la
You might also like
Pun, you came up
What, what? Makin' it happen
From rappin' on the corner to possibly goin' platinum
But when we roll, are you still ready to ride?
Yo, I'll be ready to ride and I'll be ready to die

Ay-yo, ain't nothin' changed, I'm still the same
The way you remembered me, since the centipede
Harder, big blacker, back in the 70's
Try to remember me from my aggressive will
The way I kept it real is more important than any record deal
I used to chill on the block with Cuban and Seis
I still do, but now it's in the blue convertible eight-- fifty
My true niggas'll always be wit' me
The shifty kiss me, tell me they miss me, then try to diss me
'Cause I'm a rispy, crispy for life, sixtie's the price
Another fifty for the Cuban twisted in ice
Niggas is sheist, but I psych 'em out
Though they like to doubt
I make 'em all believers, once I let the Tyson out
'Cause I can vouch for only a few, only the crew
From the old school, I consider loyally true
I morally grew from a fool to a scholar
Follow the rules on how to spot a plotter
That's cool for a dollar
I wanna holla at my peeps that's reppin' the streets
Wrestlin' the beast of chest, restin' in peace
Blessin' my seeds and watchin' over us
'Til I die, I'll align the souls with mine and shine for all of us
Pun, you came up
What, what? Makin' it happen
From rappin' on the corner to possibly goin' platinum
But when we roll, are you still ready to ride?
Yo, I'll be ready to ride and I'll be ready to die

Fa ye da da ya da da da da
Fa ye da da ya da da da
Fa ye da da ya da da da da
For my thug niggas, thug niggas11Embed
I gave you fair warning, beware
I gave you fair warning, beware

Yo! What you thought, Pun's shit was weak? Now you can't sleep
Gotta keep your eyes open wide and hide your face from the streets
I'm like the beast with a warrant, far from a law man
Gave you fair warnin', now you on the stairs, fallin'
I'm callin' out any rapper that I doubt, smack him in the mouth
Throw him in the yoke—boom—then I knock him out
No doubt, Freddie Foxxx files
Twenty-shot auto Glock, blaow! Benny Blanc Puerto Rock style
With a twist of black and I'm proud, twist your cap and I'm out
Sleep with the fish-dips for yappin' too loud
What's happenin' now? Niggas is hard as hell but they Gargamels
Pickin' on the smallest victim gives 'em heart to kill
My squad is real and holds it down, the hardest regardless
The size of the largest
We polish the floor with the rawest hardcore artists
Flawless victory, ya niggas can't do shit to me
Physically, lyrically, hypothetically, realistically
I'm the epitome of catchin' wreck
Catch you when you cash your check
Smash you when you pass, then jack you for your fuckin' 'Lex
Nothin' less than the best if the Squad did it
Hard-headed niggas better beware and fear like God said it
You might also like
I gave you fair warning, beware
I gave you fair warning, beware
I gave you fair warning, beware
I gave you fair warning, beware

Ayo, I warned you, now all niggas could do is mourn you
I'm born to kill and still thrilled to put it on you
There's no regrets, remorse only results in loneliness
Only the strong survive and strive through life as warriors
All of us die, some of us killed, even massacred
Who wanna try? Punisher will if you ask for it
I'm hazardous for your health and Hell's your next stop
For real, my shit's cocked, your world has just stopped
I'm not the one you should be underestimatin'
Come test your fate and I guarantee I'll be under investigation
You can't handle the whole, I'll slam you on your skull
Or we can go blow for blow like Evander and Bowe
You never know; however, though, I still hold the title
And owe my rivals a chance to dance with Mr. Homicidal
Hand on the Bible, I swear to defend my crown
I've been around since forever and never let it touch the ground
Don't fuck around and catch a rude awakening
My crew's basically waiting patiently for you to move your patrons in
Then we'll surround you, form Desert Storm and pound you
Look around you, Terror Squad's everywhere, like Soundview
The Boogie Down do it like nobody, who are we?
The foundation—you're facing a whole army
I gave you fair warning, beware
I gave you fair warning, beware

Yeah, yeah, yeah! What's up now, partner?
Know I'm sayin'? Think this just some rap shit?
We do this shit for real
Terror Squad, nigga
Fuckin' shoot the place up
Motherfuckers know the time
This motherfuckin' rap game
Joe Crack, Big Dog Punisher, Full-A-Clips crew
What the fuck? WHAT!
Beware, beware, beware, beware, beware28Embed
It's mine, it's all mine you understand
At least me and my peoples
Can you dig that?
21st century, thought I'd never see it
Right around the corner, baby
Ours for the takin'
Yo

I've seen child blossom to man
Some withered and turned to murderers
Led astray by the liars death glorifiers observin' us
Watching us close, marking the toast, easy to purchase
Purposely overtaxin' the earnings
Nervous, burnin' down the churches
They're scared of us, rather beware than dare to trust
Throw us in jail, million dollar bail, left there to rust
Let's call in order, give ourselves a chance to enhance broader
Advance to where minorities are the majority voter
Holdin' my own, I'm livin' alone in this cold world
My sister just bought a home without a loan, you go girl
She's an exception, some people can leap to the impression
See, me myself, I start flippin' and fall victim to deep depression
I'm stressin' the issue here, so we can gross the fiscal year
Tired of gettin' fired and hired as a pistol-eer
There's no longevity livin' off negativity
Fuck it, I'd rather sell reefer than do pizza delivery
That's how the city be, everybody gettin' they hustle on
Judge singin' death penalty like it's his favorite fuckin' song
Word is bond, takin' my life you know they lovin' it
God, F the government and it's fuckin' capital punishment
You might also like
Capital punishment, given by the government
System so organized they get to you and who you runnin' with
Can't live alone, watch for the spies and tapped phones
Totin' the llello for life, the rightful heir to the throne
We come from Kings and Queens, people with dreams, Gods and Earths
For what it's worth, we benefit the Earth with infinite worth
First it's turnin' tables, open our own labels
Disable the Republicans, then reverse capital punishment
I've seen it all up close, shit out the movies you'd be buggin'
My cousin Chuchi, barely a juve', lost it and turned on the oven
He wasn't playin', blew out the flame and started inhalin'
Baring a secret too deep to keep on the street for sharin'
Wearin' the virus, Acquired Immune Deficiency
Dishin' his dick in every thick promiscuous fish in the sea
Listen to me, shit is rough in the ghetto
You bluff, blow your head off, fuck a snuff, we bust lead off
Get off your high horse or die off like an extinction
Boriquans are like Mohicans, The Last of the Po'Ricans
We need some unity, fuck all the Jeeps and jewelry
The maturity, keeps me six feet, above obscurity
The streets are deadly and everybody's a desperado
I guess tomorrow ain't promised unless you're Amish and death's your motto
Like Zorro, I mark my territory with a symbol
Not with a Z, but a P, 'cause Punishment's what I resemble
I lend you this if it expands yours, for you and yours
A real man can't fall, he stands tall
The Man's claws are diggin' in my back, I'm tryin' to hit him back
Time to counteract, where my niggas at?
Capital punishment, given by the government
System so organized they get to you and who you runnin' with
Can't live alone, watch for the spies and tapped phones
Totin' the llello for life, the rightful heir to the throne
We come from Kings and Queens, people with dreams
Gods and Earths
For what it's worth, we benefit the Earth with infinite worth
First it's turnin' tables, open our own labels
Disable the Republicans, then reverse capital punishment

You like that, it's Pun and Prospect
We hold nines, own more treasure than gold mines, makin' progress
With Don Juan's, there's rules to be made, crews to be sprayed
Dues to be paid, nothin' y'all can do to behave
We laid in the slums, made a cake out of crumbs
Even though the government, tryin' to take out our sons
Rudy Gulliani trying to blind me, but I see reality
Was raised with the street mentality
My strategy's why my battery never die
The ghetto kept me wise, so I would never fall to the lies
It's no surprise, but do or die if you want the glamour
Yeah, I want the glamour, laid up with cheese and trees in Atlanta
While Cuban's smoked out like Ronald Isley with Havanas
The hammer in the palm, never shaky, calm handlers
This renegade blow through barricades like grenades
I turn the sun to shade, then the night back to day
Like the twenty-four hour rotation
I know the location, it's just a little in-for-mation
From the Squad, bringing the Terror for the nine-era
And let it rain on your fine leather, nigga, what?13Embed
(Uh) Glamour life style baby (Dum dum dum dum), bottle the rocks (Yeah yeah)
Freeze the ice, 100 mil kid, money, money, money, mo'
Platinum status, (Word word, yeah, what up?, what up?)
Stick around

Yo, I plan to live a life a-glamour like my man Tony Montana
Stand and pose in front of cameras with my golden silk pyjamas on
Smoking Havana's, drinking Dom P
Thinking beyond deeper than Gandhi while I'm in the Diamante
Counting my G's, I'm out to be a millionaire
Dipped in gear, flickin' hundred dollar bills in the air
Oh yeah, Cuban Link is into getting Benjamin's
'Cause if doesn't make dollars, then it doesn't make sense
I represent, I meant to be the King of New York
Went from living in tenements to a penthouse resort
I'm the Latino, that'll take you to war like Al Pacino
Even DeNiro know not to gamble in my Casino
Vino on the rocks, lobster dinners with mobsters
I got shit locked from Prospect Ave' to the tropics
Sitting on top of the world like the Sun
A living legend from the Bronx, second to none, unless it's Pun

It's the Glamour Life, blow up the kids and the wife
Players who ain't half as nice sweared about the sacrifice
Bottle the rock, freeze the ice, stash the dope and rice
And get ready for the glamour life
You might also like
Ripped off from the Infiniti
Dump the body an' the shottie down the lake, leaving no identity
Just the memory, a casualty as I casually make move on my rivalries
All eyes I be, on the quest for loot, pushing a Lexus coupe
To pursuit them troops against the big choker
Sipping alimoca, playing poker with some chocha
Heard an approacher, must be fam
Or the hammer have to smoke Pun (Get the motherfucking guns)
Since now I've become the one wanted for a lump sum of G's
Dirty rats pack gats for cheese, bullets of breeze at light speed
Taking your pretty wife life and sacrificing your seeds
Indeed, we let him bleed for 50 G's
Ship his body to the states, filled with 50 ki's
Please, no remorse for your two face
As I assemble my rifle out the motherfucking suitcase
You about to take who's place? Not Seis...
Your body'll be laced, and left without a trace

The glamour life, the glamour life, yo
Yo, it's the glamour life, blow up the kids and the wife
Players who ain't half as nice swear about the sacrifice
Bottle the rock, freeze the ice, stash the dope and rice
And get ready for the glamour life
Yo, it's the motherfucking Don Cartagena the leader, Terror Squad cleaner
Leave your family crying for you like Argentina, mira
Street dreamer like Nas, my entourage is thick
Camouflaged in this bitch, so God forbid you start some shit
My squad's equipped with an arsenal of ammunition
Hollow tips an', cop killers with the carved initialin'
Accounts in Switzerland for rainy days
Nigga I'm staying paid, you's a joke, always broke with your lazy ways
Anyway, back to the subject, in the bub-Lex
In the back seat, having rough sex
I love this glamorous life I live, having the ice and shit
Think twice, I give Christ your kids
I live life for gifts, keep the fire burning while the tides turning
I blaze an L and seek a higher learning
Cat is earnin' everything illegally
We could be friend for years, cross me once that’s thievery

The glamour life, blow up the kids and the wife
Players who ain't half as nice sweared about the sacrifice
Bottle the rock, freeze the ice, stash the dope and rice
And get ready for the glamour life

Yo, the dough, the rap, the audience, party heavy 'til the 40's in
Ill like the Yakuza run the Orient
Take all the rent, an old man wept the path his daughter went
Dicks with the Fallopian, wide as auditorium
She fuck for dough for opium, prostitute emporium
500 Benz, 500 friends sell Cambodian
8 cups of vodka, 4 cups of juice for sodium
Money, money, sweet as the smell of magnolia
It gets you dime bitches spitting image of Apollonia
Now how can I go broke, pumping twenties of coke
Plus songs I wrote, milkin' dumb honies I poke
The young blood sat on the bench in Vant Courtland, slingin'
Singing how he trying to get cash for Jordans
Another cat toss his Beamer to get the insurance
Currency's gonna murder me... it's never enough
Breakin' my ass gettin' it, just as fast as I spend the stuff
Calling Uncle Sam's bluff dun, taxes don't bite us, bite us....
My life... yo, it's the glamour life, blow up the kids and the wife
Players who ain't half as nice sweared about the sacrifice
Bottle the rock, freeze the ice, stash the dope and rice
And get ready for the glamour life

The glamour life, play precise, defense is tight
I'm out to settle the score, let's do it right
Enough for looking at grave, it's paying back tonight
Yo Twin pass the lye, pass the light
The glamour life, this life I live is trife as shit
Least my wife and kid got somewhere nice to live
I used to live in the gutter, me and my mother
Now she's fifty years old, pushing a hummer
The glamour life, hand me a knife I'll slice and dice
Men or Mice, send them to Christ in the after life
Pass the mic down the line, let them hear it
Let them fear it, send 'em screaming to the Holy Spirit

Glamour life, the glamour life, the glamour life
It's the glamour life, yo it's the glamour, it's the glamour life
The glamour life, the glamour life, the glamour life
Cock the hammer, end his motherfucking life, bitch13Embed
Aiyo, I'm hard to talk to, if you live, I probably fought you
Stalked you where you walked through at night, caught you, then tried to extort you
New York niggas is trigger happy, got Pataki scared
This town ain't big enough for both of us and I ain't goin' nowhere!
There it is, plain and simple, like Jigga, my game is mental
While slow niggas better know I blow their brains out they temples
I'm into black magical torture, romantic, dramatical author
Compatible with the average New Yorker
A fast talker, like Tony when he gassed Sosa
The masked enforcer, out for the cash and the cho-cha
Smash the coca, bottle it up, watch the fiends gobble it up
If I roll up, you do what? Swallow the stuff!
I don't give a fuck anymore
I'm only 24 years old and I've already broken every law
I'm horrorcore, this is for the heads
Runnin' up in your crib, now if you still hidin' under the bed

Parental discretion advised! Cover your eyes!
Little kids — get out of here! This shit is homicide!
Drugs and money, this ain't no Bugs Bunny!
Little girls too; this ain't for you, it's for the thugs, honey!

Aiyo, my shit's the truth, 150 proof, no question
Parental discretion advised, keep out the eyes of the youth
It's too explicit, bullshit! I challenge the statistics
Violence existed before our music was even suggested
Arrested on sight, it's like there's no rights
That's why I rhyme so aggressive and bring every message to life
I Fight the Power, spike the powder — the 90 percent
Keep 10 and feed Twin half for personal reasons
The seasons change, things rearrange, but I stay the same
I played the game for the wealth until I've made myself a name
So blame it all on the gangster rapper
Thanks to Joey Crack for the chance to do it My Way like Frank Sinatra
I ain't an actor so it's all facts
Strictly raw rap totally intended for y'all
Dressed in all black with the ski mask or the pantyhose
Makin' cameos in liquor store cameras with the twin Calicos
You might also like
Parental discretion advised! Cover your eyes!
Little kids — get out of here! This shit is homicide!
Drugs and money, this ain't no Bugs Bunny!
Little girls too; this ain't for you, it's for the thugs, honey!
Parental discretion advised! Cover your eyes!
Little kids — get out of here! This shit is homicide!
Drugs and money, this ain't no Bugs Bunny!
Little girls too; this ain't for you, it's for the thugs, honey!

So forget the boom, one look, you shook
You know I'm stickin' you
Liftin' you off the ground, look down
That's where I'm puttin' you
Look in my eyes and remember me
How does it feel mentally havin' the enemy
Be the last thing you ever see?
The recipe is death and I'm the chef fricasseein' your flesh
Be my guest, but I ain't cleanin' the mess
Me and TS, we testin' niggas faith just to see their face
Expression, we guest in the States to death, beatin' the case
I'm in a state of grace, in a hated race by an angered face
Couldn't fight us, made a virus, gave us AIDS
I paved the way 'cause they ain't get me yet, wet me or affect me yet
I know they comin', they just tryna let me sweat
I recollect when I was just a boy eatin' Chips Ahoy!
Wasn't allowed to raise my voice, now I'm makin' noise
No more toys, strictly MAC's and missiles
Shorties with 40's packin' pistols
Catchin' bodies makes you official
So they say, I pray there's a better way
My kids don't do as I do, they do as I say
'cause daddy don't play
Parental discretion advised! Cover your eyes!
Little kids — get out of here! This shit is homicide!
Drugs and money, this ain't no Bugs Bunny!
Little girls too; this ain't for you, it's for the thugs, honey!
Parental discretion advised! Cover your eyes!
Little kids — get out of here! This shit is homicide!
Drugs and money, this ain't no Bugs Bunny!
Little girls too; this ain't for you, it's for the thugs, honey!

Word is bond
One thing about MCs is that we don't conceal the truth
We present real pictures about the positive and the negative
So don't blame the hip-hop when your seed is learnin' the real life from us
Do your duty at home and raise your child in the house
Parents, you don't do your job, we gonna put your children to bed at 9 o'clock, past your bedtime
Get your ass in bed, you ain't 'posed to be hearin' this shit
Word up, punishment, motherfuckers!
By the Punisher and Busta Rhymes, hah
Terror Squad! Flipmode Squad, niggas!6Embed
Mad stressed
(Yo, just chill bro, chill man)
Nah, nah, I gotta get this money
(Yo, chill you got everything going for you, man)
I ain't got nothing, right now, man
(Niggas calling you and all that, man)
Nah, that shit was down
('Bout to blow soon, you know?)
Niggas ain't for real, kid. That's a dream, kid. This is reality. This is reality. This is the real world. Nah I gotta get this fucking money, kid. Word up. Fuck that, nah, fuck that
(Whatever, man)

I got the sweetest heist, million in cash, another three in ice
Who can I trust? Cuban'll bust plus get beef tonight
Here's the plan (plan), we nab the man, bring a camcorder
Grab his fam, and run the train on his granddaughter
"Nah chill, that's too ill, for real I'd rather kill somethin'
Here's the deal, we shatter his grill, and drill fuck him
Oral torture, no doubt, the shit is holocaust
In two minutes tops he's guaranteed to cap and give up all the morsels"
It's settled, better put on your metal, foot on the pedal
We got a half hour before the plan sours like Amaretto
Far from the ghetto, a rebel of chance, the devil in pants
Out for the fast cash, level advance
Takin' a chance, I've only got one, my hundred shot
Tommy shotguns my judge, jury and Johnny Cochran
You might also like
Movin' on the stash, first we get the cash
For the fast money, I smash the niggas' shit like a crash dummy
Ask money where the safe, anybody move gettin' laced
Look at my face and I'ma shoot the place

Ayo the plot thickens, I'm pickin' the locks in the back entrance
Payin' attention, not tryin' to get knocked and catch a fat sentence
Not to mention these kids is mafioso with lots of dough so
They got the popo locked with a Don "The Rock" Muraco chokehold (oh oh)
Their security system's linear laser protection
No sweat, I brought the miniature mirrors for reflectin'
Inspectin' the vault for weapon's assault, second of course
It's poison, it sprays, boiled and baked in Epsom salt
Reppin' New York is the cat burglar, the fat murderer
Slippin' the clip in the MAC, inserterer
Hurtin' your pockets, droppin' your stock to zero profit
Holdin' heroes hostage and mansions for ransom like De Niro mob flicks
Back to the topic at hand, the grand prize
The safe flies open, the shine almost blinded my eyes
I cracked the code, enough ice to make you laugh at gold
Passed the dough to Cuban, started movin' for the back, let's go
That's when I heard the sirens, hopin' that my ears was lyin'
Knew we was dyin' when I saw the guard we tortured cryin'
Pointin' at the building screamin', "I can see them, kill 'em!"
Snipers was willing but couldn't, there's too many civilians
Still inside, nowhere to hide, nowhere to run
Cuban said, "Fuck it, we die, we die busting our guns"
Oye castigador, saca el fucking cañon
Vamos pa la guerra, vamos señarlo!
A castigarlos!

Movin' on the stash, first we get the cash
For the fast money, I smash the niggas' shit like a crash dummy
Ask money where the safe, anybody move gettin' laced
Look at my face and I'ma shoot the place
Movin' on the stash, first we get the cash
For the fast money, I smash the niggas' shit like a crash dummy
Ask money where the safe, anybody move gettin' laced
Look at my face and I'ma shoot the place

Ayo it's time to pay, and I ain't trying to give my shine away
Let's show these pigs how much we give a fuck about the brighter day
I cock the Eagle, Cuban drew the Glock, it was diesel
Said, "See you in Hell coppers" and started poppin' like it was legal
We need a plan, if we can make it to the van
Missile launchers there with the grenade pistol I bought from Uncle Dan
Me and my man are runnin' out of ammo, I got about a handful of Black Rhinos and two Rambos strapped to my ankles
I trampled over one of the bodies, I grabbed the steel
Threw the bitch over my shoulder and used her butt as a shield
I filled the clip with the little bit of bullets remaining
Cuban said, "Move your fat ass faster motherfucker, they gaining"
I gave him the case, told him, "Go 'head, save yourself
Blaze a L in my memory, tell the family I gave 'em Hell"
For real, that's when I heard the tires screechin'
Peeped and it was Joe the God with twenty Terror Squad niggas reachin'
*conversation and gunfight to fade*8Embed
Yeah baby, you know how we get down
Funkmaster Flex
What?
Number one station in the nation
What?
My man Big Pun up in this piece
Big motherfuckin' Pun in the house
Pun easy, Pun...
C'mon now it's me baby, from the Bronx, c'mon
You right, you right, fucking right
Ahh, there we go, c'mon
So, I mean, since we on the
Pun man, I mean, I'ma be honest with you
I mean, y'know
I know we discussed a lot of things tonight
Tell me you remembered the joints, right? Say it
Pun I, I heard you are really, really fuckin'
I mean...
Yeah!
No doubt!
I mean Pun, I mean, y'know I mean
I'm hearin', I'm hearin' you
I'm hearin', I'm hearin' you doin' your thing
I'm tryin', y'all
I'm tryin' man, y'know?
Ya, ya crushin' a lot?
I'm hearin' ya, ya know those, those rumors
Get it off your chest, what you got to say?
I'm hearin' these rumors man, those rumors is... y'know?
A lot of pussy, right?
Tell me the rumors, c'mon
That we the best, what is it?
C'mon!
Terror Squad got ten million dollar, uh, advance coming?
What is it?
I'm, I'm, I'm hearin'
I'm hearin' the girls, man
I mean, there's a lot
The women, they love me
They love me, they love me
Biggie gave me a couple of pointers, yaknowhatI'msayin?
I gotta use that man, gotta use that, they love that!
See, you know a few pointers, yaknowhatI'msayin?
I'm sayin' give it to me and tell me what Puff's crew already knew
We're utilizing that
I'm, I'm, I'm hearin' you
I'm hearin' the, aff aff, you know
That like, a few girls and hearin' some more, some stories
Of orgies with Terror Squad
We get, we get down
We run trizznain
Say trizznain
Trizznain
Trizznain, we run trizznain
Trizznain
Trizz Nathaniel to you
I'm hearin', I mean, I'm, I'm hearin'
You and Joe are out at, y'know, out there fuckin'
We do our thing
We, we're like two fucking wild bears, just
...in the woods, naked
It's a sight, it's a sight
Son, you can't look directly at our asses
You'd go blind
But if you glimpse, look y'know, you can catch us
I can't fuckin' take it!
Sent out to Tracy
Easy... you have to run trizz with us one time
Then you'd know
I can't fuck with you! Ohh shit!
Ohhhahaha, yo...You might also like2Embed
The harsh realities of life have taken toll, even Jesus Christ forsake my soul
Please tell me what price to pay to make it whole
Take control, I'm makin' dough but not enough to blow
JO's, they lust my flows, but ayo, I don't trust a soul
That's all I know or need to, these evil streets'll
Meet you halfway and eat you alive tryin' to survive illegal
I'll leave you lost, mount you on a cross
Whip you like a horse, sacrifice your life to a higher force
Then I'll stomp your corpse, it's the Bronx of course, recognize the accent
One of the last livin' still-in-action general assassins
Catchin' any wreck, blastin' any TEC, smashin' any chest
Passin' any test; Charles Manson in the flesh
Any last requests before you meet your maker?
Sow what you reap or wake up, shakin' up a storm, like Anita Baker
I'll take you straight to Hell and fill your heart with hate
Incarcerate your fate in Satan's fiery lake, then I lock the gate
Make no mistake, this shit as real as Joe, we follow the killer's code
When we come for you, tell me: where will you go?
Nowhere to run, hide, I'll find you and silence your screams
And even if you kill me, I'll still be in your fuckin' dreams

You ain't a killer, you still learnin' how to walk
From New York to Cali all the real niggas carry chalk
Mark you for death
Won't even talk that East or West crap
From Watts to LeFrak
It ain't where you're from, it's where's your gat
You might also like
You've made a grave mistake, shouldn't have come here, you changed your fate
Your brains'll make their debut on the table when I raise the stakes
The pain is great, but only for a second
It starts strong, then lessens just when you restin', the Armaggedon sets in
Left him with so much stress (T.S.), blessed him with no regrets (yes)
Welcome to Hell, son, the threshold of death
Face the serpent, I blaze your person, you get laced for certain
Leavin' Jakes no trace to work from close the case like curtains
I'm hurtin' heads severely, really tryin' to bring the pain
There's nothin' more satisfyin' than when you cryin', screamin' my name
It's not a game, it's Purple Rain, floods of bloodstains
Big Pun's my thug's name, bustin' my guns, that's my love thang
I'll slit your jug' vein and snatch your Adam's Apple
John Madden-tackle your corpse to hoist it on a cross at the tabernacle
That'll have to hurt, I'll work your body 'til it burst
Then curse tu vida like a Brujería verse
I'm worse than anything you ever been through, sick in the head and mental
Essentially meant to be the sole threat against you
When you awaken, your manhood'll be taken
Fakin' like you Satan, when I'm the rhymin' abomination
You ain't a killer, you still learnin' how to walk
From New York to Cali all the real niggas carry chalk
Mark you for death, won't even talk that East or West crap
From Watts to LeFrak, it ain't where you're from, it's where's your gat
You ain't a killer, you still learnin' how to walk
From New York to Cali all the real niggas carry chalk
Mark you for death
Won't even talk that East or West crap
From Watts to LeFrak
It ain't where you're from, it's where's your gat
It's hard to analyze which guys are spies; be advised, people
We recognize who lies, it's all in the eyes, chico
We read 'em and see 'em for what they are
D's in undercover cars takin' my picture like I'm a fuckin' star
I'm up to par, my game is in a smash with half a million in the stash
Passport with the gats, first name and last
Ask anybody if my men are rowdy
Give me the mini-shottie, I'll body a nigga for a penny probably
I'm obligated to anything if it's crime-related
If it shine, I'll take it; still in my prime and I finally made it
I hate the fact that I'm the last edition, properly a stats magician
Could've went to college and been a mathematician
Bad decisions kept me out the game, now I'm strictly out for cream
Doin' things to fiends I doubt you'll ever dream
My team's the meanest thing you ever seen
Measured by the Heaven's kings, down to the Devil's mezzanine
I've never screamed so loud, I'm proud to be alive
Most heads die by 25 or catch a quick three-to-five
So be advised: the street's full of surprises
It's not what crew's the livest, one that survive, it's who's the wisest

You ain't a killer, you still learnin' how to walk
From New York to Cali all the real niggas carry chalk
Mark you for death, won't even talk that East or West crap
From Watts to LeFrak, it ain't where you're from, it's where's your gat
You ain't a killer, you still learnin' how to walk
From New York to Cali all the real niggas carry chalk
Mark you for death, won't even talk that East or West crap
From Watts to LeFrak, it ain't where you're from, it's where's your gat
You ain't a killer...14Embed
*  -- from the DJ Clue CD "The Professional"

Yo, my squad is honored like Elijah Muhammad
But I'm God-retarded, ain't no righteousness in this heart of violence
Hard as diamond but I'm in the ruff, listen up
If you ever see me with the Feds you can bet it's in the cuffs
Ain't no snitch in us, bitch in us
Unofficial-ness, everything we outside you wish you was
Official thugs in the drug profession
Drug connections, drug addictions
Still seein' the judge for drug possession
The four-D's, all these is more reas'
To either get big, or leave and let live
We the best there is T.S., ain't nobody else
We probably Dove, cause we all way on top of the shelf
I'm lockin' your wealth with the master keys, freeze
Don't try to breeze, or I'mma squeeze and blast the back of your knees
Just pass the cheese, please don't test the toaster
My tech'll roast ya body faster than Ferrari's Testarossa
You're gettin' closer to death, Reaper's got a hold on your breath
You goin straight to hell as you sell your soul for your flesh
You was posin' a threat, now you froze in the bed
Minute ago, you was poppin shit, holdin ya dick
Now what's the problem, you ain't nuttin' like you said on your album
I thought you was wildin' bustin' your guns and runnin' the island
You was't violent, you was silent tryin' to get college credits
How pathetic, did it to get out of the calisthenics
I'm +Dianetics+ combined with lyrics
My matureness is my insurance
Kill my appearance, I'm a shinin' spirit
You gotta fear it, cause every last gem is poison
You gotta cheer it, you can't win you better join em
I'm head-annointin' niggas like the Holy Gospel
I'm the only vato loco to smoke you with fire-blowin' nostrils
Watch for the toast, when you see it, you better draw yours
Warlords, callin' The Giant, it's all yours
You might also like
Fuck all y'all non-believers; I roll with God, the Squad and T.S
Out with the B.S. we platinum, they even doubted Jesus
Niggas is 85%, I'm 400 solid
Brain-bolic with knowledge, cock-diesel scholars
Holdin it down, walkin around with gold by the pound
Frozen and drowned with diamond boulders all in the crown
Talk of the town, soakin you down wit toast 'til you drown
Ghost you and pound your corpse with a force that'll open the ground
Save the jokes for the clowns, I'm on the serious tip
You keep playin.. and I get furious quick
And now I take you for a walk through the ghetto
Either spark your metal or get outlined in chalk by the devil
I rep the borough that mothered this rap shit, I used to clap shit
Now I just lay back and mack on some mack shit
I used to have to pack a mac in back of the Acura
Now I relax and stack platinum plaques in my shack
It's like that, but don't think I won't counter act
My niggas is strapped and quick to lay a bitch on his back
I'm swift with the mac, quicker than Kung Fu
With the reflexes of a cat, and the speed of a mongooseEmbed
Yeah, yeah, work it out
Work it out dawg, work it out now
Uhh, y'all motherfuckers, big dawgs in the house what?
Terror Squad what? Terror Squad what?
I ain't a rapper, I just bust a lot, off the top
What, yo, yo

The penalty is death, especially when I'm mentally stressed
My enemies hang with me 'til I eventually flip
I never reject an offer to battle
Slap a coffin on the saddle
And rattle like a wooden horse to el barrio
Niggas talk but they babble cause they ain't sayin' nothin'
If ain't blazin' somethin with the MAC I'm in the shack bakin' muffins
Fake the funk and get your rump roast
One dose of the toast'll make you jump if you come close
Pun spoke, ain't no more debatin; my squad been waitin'
For the perfect time to give you what you all been waitin'
An orgi-nation of veterans built
With genuine skills to pay the heat, gas, and the rest of the bills
Invest in the real, don't get left in the hills
My tec and my steel turn your whole crew into vegatables
We blessed with the will to never surrender
'Cause my every agenda's in and out
Unseen like I entered the ninja
You might also like
It's my world girl, either love it or leave
If you was my girl, you'd be thuggin' the weave
Suckin' the blow pop, with a ring in your tongue
Baby don't stop, that's how you bring it to Pun
If this is my world, I'd be Tony the man
Call me The Godfather, controllin' the fam'
Runnin' the whole coast, I'd be a mafia king
Nothin but the finest diamonds in my watch and my rings

Stupid.. gimme yours
You be lookin' bunny rabbit
Give your pants bunny rabbits, what you know about that?
I ain't about to pop you stupid
Fuck the small talk, niggas know Pun keep the fo' cocked
Don't walk too fast, might pass through the wrong block
Don't stop, keep it movin', the streets'll ruin
The average man, faster than, the motherfuckin' teamsters union
We doin' dirt cause we gotta, five dolla a hour
Three kids and my motherfuckin' big mama
My Sig Sauer got different plans, God knows I'm just a man
So hide your wrist if it's glistenin
Listen man, we just niggas tryin' to work it out
Listen friend, strictly biz it's nothin personal
We thirsty now and I ain't drinkin' out of plastic cups
Platinum plus (Thorough) crystal glasses with the fancy cuts
Fancy us, livin' life lavish
Drippin' ice cabbage, livin' in the six, with some white bad bitch
Tight package I gotta pass
I'm from the ghetto nigga, I like a lot of ass
It's my world girl, either love it or leave
If you was my girl, you'd be thuggin' the weave
Suckin' the blow pop, with a ring in your tongue
Baby don't stop, that's how you bring it to Pun
If this is my world, I'd be Tony the man
Call me The Godfather, controllin' the fam'
Runnin' the whole coast, I'd be a mafia king
Nothin but the finest diamonds in my watch and my rings

Word life T. Squad holdin' it down, y'knahmean?
Gettin' this money by any means baby
Let me get the fuck up outta here, 'fore I break somethin'Embed
Yo yo yo
What the fuck, Terror Squad
All we do is battle what; what, what what
Yo it's "The Dream Shatterer" strictly for cream team battler
Ring rattlin' microphone fiend spline splatterer
King of the throne, bringin it home five nights
Up in The Source - five mics
Whippin' a Porsche - high price
Pumpin the 9-7, rhyme heaven her voice is mindbendin'
Imaginin' Angie nuttin' but panties and my 911
That's what I'm reppin' the thug tech and the glove
Step in the mud with less than a SCUD I'm splittin' your rug
It's just I'm in love with Mrs. Martinez
Latin Goddess or Venus, you just happen to give me the hardest {penis}
You wanna see us apart, you're chasin the dark
Long as she run the battle she got a place in my heart

Yo.. yo, yo, yo
All of a sudden the big question is, yo who this bitch Remy-nisce?
Is she really thorough with her borough, can she represent?
Do Remy write every line and every rhyme that she spit?
Is she, really the shit, is her flow really sick?
Get off my dick, keep your sorry ass compliments
I get mad quick y'all knowin' me ain't got no sense
Bitch don't try to play me, because you not a player
Believe me, you don't really wanna see my gangster
It's easy to cock back and smack the shit out a hoe
Had to leave niggas bleedin' just so we could get our dough
It get me heated, that's why I wild out for no reason
On the Bruckner, like fuck you, gettin' weeded and speedin'
I'm untouchable nigga I ain't never have love for you niggas
Cause y'all pussy that's why I ain't never fuck with you niggas
Motherfuckers is scandal, on the avenue of Randall
Don't slip into some shit you and your click can't really handle
I ain't havin' it, get the cash out the cabinet
Before I stab the bastard baby in the bassonet
I'll, body a botty bwoy, blow his gut open
Leave son chokin', gun still smokin'
Know how many niggas like, "I bet you Pun wrote it"
Y'all can all take a dirty dildo and deep throat it!You might also like2Embed
Mamma.. I don't understand
Why he had to fuck with me, now I gotta kill this man
I said mamma.. now I'm on the run
Dear ma-mmahhhhhhh.. what have I done?

Somebody save me, I think I just killed somebody baby
Shoulda chilled but money was really tryin' to play me
Couldn't hold it no more so I showed him the four
Duke was dissin' my girl like she was hoein' on tour
And knowin' I'm raw, money tried to play fly
"I said whassup to the bitch; why she couldn't say hi?"
That ain't right! I had to put him in his place
Remember them hollows I bought for three bottles?
I put 'em in his face
I didn't have to disgrace myself, I hate myself
AHORA A TU *BLAH BLAH* Brace yourself
That's the law the streets are like basketball
Sometimes you shoot, sometimes you pass it off
Can't always take a shot, make one mistake you upstate for what?
Too much hate, time to break the lock
I hate the cops so I ain't tryin' to see 'em
I love a brother doin' triple life but I ain't tryin' to be him
That's why I be on the low, and keep my feet in the row
'Cause they're tellin' me as far as felonies
You get life for three in a row
Then whadday'know? Last week at the flicks
I had to kill somebody, for steppin' on my kicks (STUPID)
You might also like
Mamma.. I don't understand
Why he had to fuck with me, now I gotta kill this man
I said mamma.. now I'm on the run
Dear ma-mmahhhhhhh.. what have I done?

I can murder half the world laugh while the other side hate me
But hurt one hair on my mamma head and I'ma, cry like a baby
She my heart and soul; what Jimi Hendrix was to rock'n'roll
Made me believe I could achieve the impossible
Now you know one of my weaknesses, but Punisher keeps it glizz
So don't pull out cause when I pop oh what a relief it is
Send you where Jesus is - hold up, that's the gas chamber
Think before you put on that ski-mask and blast a stranger
Relax the anger, don't be so hard on yourself
That's how you'll end up twelve years old;
Bein' charged as an adult
Terror Squad is here to help so you can learn from our mistakes
Cause power just makes you reject destiny and devour your fate
How many hours I waste, tryin' to figure the shit
Until I finally realized, we're just niggas and spics
That's what they feel, what can I do but just stay real?
Keep somethin' in the stash in case I gotta make bail
'Cause ain't no brothers, runnin' shit in the system
You goin' straight to jail if you colored and fit the description
.. fuck you talkin' about? I live here
This is my buildin' nigga; fuck you nigga!
That's my daughter right there playin'.. fuck off me!
Get the fuck off!
Mamma.. I don't understand
Why he had to fuck with me, now I gotta kill this man
I said mamma.. now I'm on the run
Dear ma-mmahhhhhhh.. what have I done?

I don't have much time so I'm only gonna ask you once
To please forgive me mamma; I love you and I'm sorry I broke your heart
But I ask you to do me a favor and take care of my daughters
And raise them to be good respectable woman, like their mother
God bless her soul
And raise my son to be a good man, a better man than me
And for this I give you my soul, I love you


Heyyyy ma-ma-ma-mma..
I just killed a man..
Ma-mmaaaa.. what am I to do?1Embed

You know I'm well known like Al Capone, fully blown like Ton' Montana
In a zone, sittin on chrome, stoned sippin on cham-pagna
Rollin ganja up in bible papers, see how high the lye can take us
Through the eyes of Christ, John, Elijah, Jacob
I make the kind of green a hustler dream
Bustin out the custard cream Viper
Custom piped up with the mustard seams
Clustered green Fort Knox and hard (?) medallions
Mockin God even Italians see my batallion pull out the broad
I got the +Squad+ over-qualified, pullin over Karl Kani
Range Rover tilted, three-wheelted hydraulic slide
Sparkin lye in the clouds and reppin my housin
Like the Wu do in Shaolin

There's something I want to tell you (I want to tell you)
There's something I think your crew should know
Big Pun is the largest (So large) we straight out of the projects
That's how we roll.. (That's how we roll..)

I keep my Desert Eagle cocked back in my tuxedo with my top hat
What you broke motherfuckers know about that?
Lookin fat in Marc and Pelle leather like Fonzarelli
Sparkin Phillies with the Gods like Makaveli
On the celly blown Benz, chrome rims
Shinin like the stone gems on my gold rings
I got it sewn Twinz, I can't begin to tell you the story
That soared me from livin poorly to a modern day Cinderfella
I've been a killer and a drug dealer, a bugged nigga
But now I'm like Puffy cause money's thicker than blood player
I'm still a threat but now I think before I flip
Call my connects together
And figure which cleaner's the best for the hit
I get the job done, Pun's handlin business
Candlelight dinners, havin a toast with the most glamorous bitches
My road to riches was no Christmas
Now we blessed with gold Lazaruses
So expensive my whole family's religious
You might also like
There's something I want to tell you (I want to tell you)
There's something I think your crew should know
Big Pun is the largest (So large) we straight out of the projects
That's how we roll.. (That's how we roll..)

Aiyyo I want it all you can call me greedy and superficial
Long as my crew's official and pulls they pistols soon as I whistle
I'm tryin to triple a million and split it three ways
Joe the God, Full Eclipse, and myself - that'll be the day
I need a way to get it already got the ambition
Start the ignition, watch for the NARCs in the marked Expedition
I'm on a mission which requires a higher position
Desire and vision keeps the fire inside of me glistenin
I'm infinite like math, so I'm gonna last
But you wanna laugh all day, bullshit and sittin on your ass
I'm all about cash and the power
A stash with the power that lasts like hittin ass for an hour
Let's get it locked, I want a watch with baguetted rocks
So I can clock hoes with the glow that never stops
Forget the cops, we got Deserts and Glocks too
Ready to rock whoever tryin to stop our cheddar from stockin forever
 X2
There's something I want to tell you (I want to tell you)
There's something I think your crew should know
Big Pun is the largest (So large) we straight out of the projects
That's how we roll.. (That's how we roll..)
Straight out the PJ's Twinz, Soundview!
Castle Hill, can't forget Bronx River
Lil Villes.. huh, the Forest Projects, Eden Wald
Bronxdale, the Bronx baby straight out the PJ's
That's where we from3Embed
Ha Ha Ha
Do you see me now
You remember me? The guy from the back of the class that used to wear the glasses?
The one you used to laugh at?
Look at me now, brother
Do you like fruit?
Well, I'm chewin your girls nipples
How do you like them apples, asshole?

I'm laughing at you
I'm laughing at you now
You told me I was ugly
I was scared to crack a smile
Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha
I'm Laughing at you now
Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha
I'm laughing at you

600 Benz, 20 inch rims, house on the hill, hittin' mad skin
Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha
It was all a scheme I used to load the teck with the magazine
So I was mean but I still had a scheme
17 years young everything seemed fun
Still considered a veteran cause I feared none
Pun's from the street where there ain't no rules
But carried heat cause he ain't no fool
Ain't no room for dollars in negative digits
So debted followers and got rid of the quitters
That never forget us cause we've been down since the
Genesis 200 horse power to 400 Pegasus
The messages don't sleep till its over
Next thing you know shorty seven feet
Tippin' over I'm still in the water drownin'
Knights and murder till the immortal terror squad
Threw me a life preserver now im ice forever
Stomach bustin' out the white carrera
Life is better now niggas wanna rhyme together
¡Ay qué será! What can I do but take you to strive
¡Ay qué hago! I hope the streets don't take me alive
You wasted your life and refused the struggle while
I aim for the sky pay dues and bubbles I WIN!
You might also like
I'm laughing at you
I'm laughing at you now
You told me I was ugly
I was scared to crack a smile
Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha
I'm Laughing at you now
Ha Ha Ha Ha Ha
I'm laughing at you

Now it's not funny cause I'm hot and got a pot of money
A lot of hunnies around (Don't stop do the brown for me)
My every wish is her command call her bitch she understands
I reminisce how she used to dis me and my man
Check part of the plan she told my son I wasn't the man
I ain't gonna to stop till I got a heart in my hand
I can silence the lamb but couldn't silence her cause
She was as wild as a man with a bottle of liquor
I'm not going to hit her I'm gonna debt her tonight
Double platinum now shes one in the tribe well in the ride now
Well in a fly gettin' high now no more whiteout send the cubans
To provide now it's my world I demand my respect
Give me your girl or get slapped in your neck
Ain't nothin' change im still humble and modest
And im always proud to admit I came straight from the projects
Hardy har har har
Don't you forget about me now
Don't(4x)
Don't you forget about me now
Dont(4x) naw
Nah Nah Nah Nah....
Nah Nah Nah Nah....
Nah Nah Nah Nah.....Nah Nah Nah Nah
(*repeat 2x*)

Don't you forget about me now
I said don't..don't...don't...don't
Chorus5Embed
What I gotta do let y'all niggas know
I am THE. NICEST. EVER!
Hardcore.. Commercial... What you wanna do?
You wanna wile up, you wanna dance?
Don't matter to me, I got it all locked down baby

It's not a game it's war, plain and raw
Blood stain the wall
When I bring the chain with the saw
Bring the pain to your door like death was knockin'
Unless you got my ends
I'ma make you twins with the Headless Horseman
Hell extortion, sell your soul, live your dreams
Don't pay the cost then {*bam bam*}
Say hello to the guillotine
A killer fiends for blood
Screams of thugs like
Fiends for drugs
I don't need no love
Give me your fear, money, respect, beer, honeys and sex
We're here
I'll bend them checks for years, hungry and stressed
You fuckin' with Chris - fuck Pun - dead the wrath for later
Get your calculator, the head decapitator's back forever
Can't count how many heads I had to sever
Half the niggas I keep, I put em back together
That's the terror, cut open your girl
And make a truss out her flesh, like Buffalo Bill
You fuckin' with reel to reel, rap axe maniac
Sound bwoy killer, hack hack chain-react
Two for one, double the death, same price
What would Big say? "Huh, you know that ain't right"
You might also like X2
It's not a game pah (Now the leg huh?)
We're gettin paid hah (Now the leg huh?)
It's still T-Squad (Now the leg huh?)
What you came for
Surgery, with a chainsaw

Word to Pac and BIG
My Glock so big it can rock a bridge
Drop the midsection like the top of your wig
Ain't no bullshittin, getting the full treatment
Special two heated missiles, 'til your crew's leaving witchu
I rip you in half - blast that ass through a glass window
Laugh a little (HA HA) and dash in the S-Class limo
That's how we do it in the South Boogie
Where tough rough rookies get snuffed out
For talking loud to me
Why should I even consider your crew
Shit on your crew
Get rid of your crew, what I'm fitting to do
I split you in two, leave you impaired when I blast the shotty
Rip it like dope and leave you there with half your body
We Rowdy like Roddy, probably robbing your stash
Catch a body like Charlie up North
Stashing knives up my ass
Surviving the task, we the last ones left
Blast them tecs with clips, fast as vets that spit
Add some tips for any, bastard bitch, pappin shit
Watch me rep til the casket from the bassinet, biatch!
Ahora tu!
 X2
It's not a game pah (Now the leg huh?)
We're gettin paid hah (Now the leg huh?)
It's still T-Squad (Now the leg huh?)
What you came for
Surgery, with a chainsaw

Watch what happens to your friend
You don't want this to happen to you
You give me the money, okay5Embed
Something, I want to tell you
There's something I've been, thinking, that your, crew should know
Big Pun be the largest thang
Straight out of the projects, man
And that's how we roll.. roll..

You know I'm well known like Al Capone, fully blown like Ton' Montana
In a zone, sittin' on chrome, stoned sippin' on cham-pagna
Rollin ganja up in Bible paper, see how high the lye can take us
Through the eyes of Christ, John, Elijah, Jacob
I make the kind of green a hustler dream, bustin' out the custard cream Viper
Custom piped up with the mustard seams
Clustered green Fort Knox and hard deemer medallion
Mockin' God, even Italians see my battalion propped abroad
I got the Squad over-qualified, pullin' over Karl Kani
Range Rover tilted, three-wheelted hydraulic slide
Sparkin' lye in the clouds and reppin' my housin'
Like the Wu do in Shaolin

Ooohooo baby there's, something, I want to tell you
There's something I've been, thinking, that your, crew should know
Big Pun be the largest thang
Straight out of the projects
And that's how we roll.. roll..
You might also like
I keep my Desert Eagle cocked back in my tuxedo with my top hat
What you broke motherfuckers know about that?
Lookin' fat in Marc and Pelle leather like Fonzarelli
Sparkin Phillies with the Gods like Makaveli
On the celly (blown Benz, chrome rims)
Shinin' like the (stone gems) on my (gold rings)
I got it sewn Twinz, I can't begin to tell you the story
That soared me from livin' poorly to a modern day Cinderfella
I've been a killer and a drug dealer, a bugged nigga
But now I'm like Puffy 'cause money's thicker than blood player
I'm still a threat but now I think before I flip
Call my connects together and figure which cleaner's the best for the hit
I get the job done, Pun's handlin' business
Candlelight dinners, havin' a toast with the most glamorous bitches
My road to riches was no Christmas
Now we blessed with gold Lazaruses so expensive my whole family's religious

Ooohooo baby there's, something, I want to tell you
There's something I've been, thinking, that your, crew should know
Big Pun be the largest thang
Straight out of the projects
And that's how we roll.. roll..

Aiyo I want it all you can call me greedy and superficial
Long as my crew's official and pulls they pistols soon as I whistle
I'm tryna triple a million and split it three ways
Joe the God, Full-A-Clips and myself, that'll be the day
I need a way to get it already got the ambition
Start the ignition, watch for the NARCs in the marked Expedition
I'm on a mission which requires a higher position
Desire and vision keeps the fire inside of me glistenin'
I'm infinite like math, so I'm gonna last
But you wanna laugh all day, bullshit and sittin' on your ass
I'm all about cash and the power
A stash with the powder that lasts like hittin' ass for an hour
Let's get it locked, I want a watch with baguetted rocks
So I can clock hoes with the glow that never stops
Forget the cops, we got Deserts and Glocks too
Ready to rock whoever tryna stop our cheddar from stockin' forever
Ooohooo baby there's, something, I want to tell you
There's something I've been, thinking, that your, crew should know
Big Pun be the largest thang
Straight out of the projects
And that's how we roll.. roll..

Big Pun is the largest thang
Joey Crack be stayin paid
Terror Squad from the projects man.. {*fades*}3Embed
Yeah, sometimes you gotta fool 'em
Sometimes you gotta send a woman to do a man's job, knahmean
In this case, my girl hit like a grown motherfuckin' man
Y'all niggas better lay low
Catch you where it hurt, knahmean
Blow your balls off nigga

Where my girl at, quick to bust the MAC, better believe that
She always got my back, nigga twirl that
About to blaze a sack, where the weed at
She don't know how to act, 'cause that's my girl black
With that monster rap, better believe that
You know the Bronx is back, she represent that
'Cause Terror Squad got her back, some say heed that
My niggas love to scrap

I inhale the deepest, cock back and bust rhymes at your speakers
I'm troubled, shoot out the air bubbles in your sneakers
The type to cop a Range along with all the features
Then take the back streets to avoid the leeches
A pregnant bitch talk shit, I'ma destroy her fetus
Her dead baby popped this pussy, and his boys can't beat us
Straight strong armin', bombardin', and bogardin'
Remy don't write her own rhymes, nigga, I beg your pardon
It's Ms. Martin I done broke night in the studio writin'
While fraud broads don't get no publishin, still be bitin'
They kill me lyin, like they the ones doin the scribin'
When you can hear the ghostwriter, all up in they rhymin'
I flows like water, got this drizzle with little C
Catch me with Pun eatin Skittles in the middle of Little Italy
Y'all don't know diddly, I spit hot and drop shit
Every time I kick a rhyme, Pun I burn my lip
Take another pull, bust another shot, y'all can't stop me
Come through in a jail suit, and the new Beef and Broccoli's
Doin it, If I'm havin a good time and you ruin it
I seen a nice casket that'll look good with you in it
New improved shit, the year start with a two shit
Next millennium, sell a million, Clue shit
Exclusive, to tell the truth, y'all useless
'Cause I'm a dime that could rhyme you still on the deuce list
You might also like
Where my girl at, quick to bust the MAC, better believe that
She always got my back, nigga twirl that
About to blaze a sack, where the weed at
She don't know how to act, 'cause that's my girl black
With that monster rap, better believe that
You know the Bronx is back, she represent that
'Cause Terror Squad got her back, some say heed that
My niggas love to scrap

Remy Martin, dash, reminisce, slash
Remy, cash like a check in a stash
Me without rhymes is like a flynt with no flash
Stripper with no ass, car with no gas
Tryna go fast, I love to hear the guns go blast
I love the sounds of the shells fallin' down
Love to smoke weed, stay blowin' trees, fuck liquor
When shit get thick, I love to hear my bitches raise his clique up
You sick, but I'm sicker, plus our guns is bigger
If you really wanna kill us, do it nigga pull the trigga
How you figure, you could really come and take what's mine
And all I gotta do is send a little letter to Rah
He'll send the troops out
My brother don't hesitate to pull a tool out
And I'm his little sis, so he taught me the same shit
Quick to flip, but your name should be prickless
'Cause every time you open your mouth, you suckin' my dick
Talkin' shit, as if you a soldier,nigga
When you a no cash, low class, doja nigga
Y'all rock rocks, we bling bling boulders, nigga
Look over your shoulder I'm in the Rover, it's over, nigga
Inhale, cock back and bust, just because
I know none of y'all busters is touchin' us
I got the thoroughest thugs and, baby reminisces
That don't give a fuck, with a aim that never misses
Hugs and kisses never, just slugs and stitches
Thugs and bitches forever, check the mugshot pictures
Fuck the weather, I still got my tan Timbs on
Just copped the pink mink, and winter been gone
I been on this thug shit y'all can't seem to fuck with
My shit is hot dogs, to top it off, still spittin' mustard
No fair, 'cause I don't care I go to war wit a musket
Just give me some Oreos, a jar of 'dro and two dutches
'Cause Pun be the nicest motherfucker on the market
Now he got the nicest bitch, what, Remy Martin
Where my girl at, quick to bust the MAC, better believe that
She always got my back, nigga twirl that
About to blaze a sack, where the weed at
She don't know how to act, 'cause that's my girl black
With that monster rap, better believe that
You know the Bronx is back, she represent that
'Cause Terror Squad got her back, some say heed that
My niggas love to scrap2Embed
What's the deal baby?
Some for you dick ridin' motherfuckers
You non-believin' ass motherfuckers
To all my niggas, I love y'all
Ai yo pun, what's the deal, baby?
Cuban, Raoul, whaddup mas?
Joey Crack, what's the deal?
T. Squaders 
 chance-a-million 
Didddown for liddddife

I threw on my vest
Loaded up the Smith with the hollow tips
It's time to flip
And blast my way to the top ten list
Me and pun real fly
Arrogant and we love to puff lye
Lord, you should see my wife
She's enough to make all the bitches cry
Oh yeah, be on my dick
 X2
Get off my dick
My dick
My dick
My dick
My dick, my dick, my dick
Get off my dick, my dick, my dick, my dick
Get off my dick
You might also like
I just wanna take time
To talk to everybody
Who ain't showed me love
To let me rock the mic at the party
Now you gonna get what you deserve
That's my dick in your mouth
'Cause me and Pun
Is gonna show you what it's 'bout

Youse a nasty fuck
Makin' a song talkin' about your nuts
Don't want nobody on my dick
Lest I'm about to bust
You doubted us
Cause we weren't tearin' up the streets
Them the same niggas on my nuts
Like they have a fucking seat
I love my peeps, I'll die for my amigos
But I ain't fuckin' with freaks
Tryin' to free ride on my bicho
It's like perrico
(What? )
One taste you're gonna like it
Just ask Mike
(Mike who?)
My dick
Get off my dick
My dick
My dick
My dick
My dick, my dick, my dick
Get off my dick, my dick, my dick, my dick
Get off my dick

You can catch me puffin'
Lah-lah-lah-lah
Lah-lah-lah-lah
You can catch me puffin'
Lah-lah-lah
I'm the type to be puffin' that
Lah-lah-lah-lah-lah-lah
When I stressed you know I puff that
Lah, yeah2Embed
Psssh.. it's my turn, y'knahmean?
Get this motherfuckin money y'know?
Shit..
Yeah I went double, y'know?
Niggas is goin' triple-five-ten platinum
Can't do what I do
This is my game, this is me
(T. Squaders) Y'know?

Yo it's my turn, I demand my respect
Give me my burn, or get slammed in your neck
'Cause it's my turn, I'mma reach to the top
Gimme my burn, I'mma speak with the Glock
'Cause it's my turn, don't make me turn your wig
Gimme my burn, don't make me burn yo' crib
I'mma rhyme it right, and keep the ghetto in a trance
But when the time is right, me and the devil gon' dance

Fuck you and yours, make way I'm comin' through the door
And screw the law, breakin' the rules ain't nothin' new at all
I'm true to all the shit that I done, check the clip in my gun
Respect the clique that I'm from, or get lift to the sun
Dunn, you just a small fry, fuckin' with the fall guy
Big Pun, the Honorable, all rise
Sky's the limit, nothin' less if my guys is in it
For the right price, even Christ could get it
Fast life we live it, all my memories are vivid
I remember only minutes, that's how I mentally get rid of all the enemies
The spirits that definitely mimic my every melody
And lyric which so heavenly rhythmic
In magic do I build, but math do be equally compatible
And secretively battle you to reach my peak in equilateral
I'm from the streets deep in the barrio ain't no Mario Brothers
Official Bronx niggas, quick to body yo' mother (ouch)
You might also like
Yo it's my turn, I demand my respect
Give me my burn, or get slammed in your neck
'Cause it's my turn, I'mma reach to the top
Gimme my burn, I'mma speak with the Glock
'Cause it's my turn, don't make me turn your wig
Gimme my burn, don't make me burn yo' crib
I'mma rhyme it right, and keep the ghetto in a trance
But when the time is right, me and the devil gon' dance

Jesus H. Christ, how many times I gotta pay the price?
You scared of death I'll make you twice as afraid of life
I bring sight to the game for every night you complained
You couldn't see the light, I was bright in your brain
Ignitin' the flame, keepin' your third lit
Speak and observe with the mind
What are blind sleep til they worth shit
I'm earth wind and fire, the first one to fire
Reppin T. Squad since birth 'til I retire
I wire your jaw, wire the walls with plastique explosives
And riot the halls at the malls where all the crackers moms live
Keep flappin yo' gibs and I'mma come back with those kids
From the back of the bridge
I think two hand touch means tackle the bitch
I rap for the chips, but I'm truly assassin
Four hundred pounds, six feet tall, brutally handsome
That's the pro, got beef with Pun, you gots to go
Mafia style, tear you a new ass-a-hole
Flash your dough, but you too cool for the captain
'Cause I don't give a fuck if I was quadruply platinum
And to the 50 Cent rapper, very funny, get your nut off
'Cause in real life, you don't know
I'll blow your motherfuckin' head off (ooh yeah)
That's my motherfuckin word, you understand?
Thought we was a fuckin' joke? Shit
Terror Squad nigga, you don't know me
You don't know my name, don't say it, you understand?
Told you before I ain't no motherfuckin' rapper understand?
Shit
I don't make no songs about rappers I don't like
If I'mma make a song it's gon' be how I beat yo' motherfuckin ass understand?
That'll be the name of the motherfucker
"That's Why I Had to Beat Your Motherfuckin Ass"
Featuring Tony Sunshine
T. Squaders, T. Squaders, T. Squaders, T. Squaders, T. Squaders, T. Squaders

And it's my turn, I demand my respect
Give me my burn, or get slammed in your neck
'Cause it's my turn, I'mma reach to the top
Gimme my burn, I'mma speak with the Glock
'Cause it's my turn, don't make me turn your wig
Gimme my burn, don't make me burn yo' crib
I'mma rhyme it right, and keep the ghetto in a trance
But when the time is right, me and the devil gon' dance5Embed
Yeah..
This is for my peoples on the street, y'know?
Gave me love since day one..
Y'knahmean? When I was puttin it down
Battlin for mine, y'knahmsayin?
Battlin - projects and neighborhoods
Just to be heard, y'knahmsayin?
Y'know cause y'know I used to do everything y'know?
From that hardcore shit..
To that commercial shit..
To that party shit..
That thug shit..
That live shit, that cry shit..
That love shit, that hate shit..
I do all that shit..
You know what's my true love?

That nigga shit, smokin weed with my moms
That nigga shit, slingin D and heroin
That nigga shit, no love for the cops
That nigga shit, gettin my dick sucked with my pops
That nigga shit, gettin drunk with my Twinz
That nigga shit, swearin to God I'll never drink again
That nigga shit, gettin drunk again
That nigga shit, three days in the pen
That nigga shit, talkin loud at the flicks
That nigga shit, fried rice and rib tips
That nigga shit, lookin fresh with no ends
That nigga shit, beatin on my sister's boyfriends
That nigga shit, yellow tape and white sheets
That nigga shit, whoopin my kid's ass in the streets
That nigga shit, Iverson crossover
That nigga shit, cheese doodles, grape soda
That nigga shit, playin in the last car on the train”
That nigga shit, hot sauce on everythang
That nigga shit, nugget gold in the 80's
That nigga shit, iced out in the 90's
That nigga shit, shoot the place if you play me
That nigga shit, Pun to run til they find me
You might also like
And I'm out what, what what wha-what
And I'm out what, what what wha-what
And I'm out, and I'm out
Puerto Rock nigga shit yo I'm outEmbed

I don't give a fuck! Til I die, I'mma live it up
Hit em up, nigga what what, nigga what?
Better watch yo' ass 'fore I pull the choppers out the stash
And helicopter yo' ass, about a block and a half
Cause I'mma ride for my niggas, die for my niggas
Puff lye with my niggas til I'm high with my niggas
Where you at Prop?

Aiyyo it's off with his head
Let the blood-shed, gets all my thugs down to bust lead
Yo I rep like one of the best, my Mac numbin your flesh
They on tracks but they runnin from death
Who fuckin with 'spect? Yo dog, I'm the youngest to rep
Comin correct, niggas know I blow my gun in a sec
Cause I'mma ride for my niggas, die for my niggas
Puff lye with my niggas til I'm high with my niggas
What the deal Twin?

Yeah baby! Ayo it's off with his head
Slap the shit out the Devil and tear his horns off his head
Ayo it's almost over, few months we all gon' know Jehovah
Til then I'mma keep the steel in the shoulder holster
I ain't ready to die, bury me alive
But if my nigga got beef, we goin together tonight
Cause I'mma ride for my niggas, die for my niggas
Puff lye with my niggas til I'm high with my niggas
What you say Twin?
You might also like
Ayo it's off with his head
Left a body stiff and dead with the infrared
It's hard to survive, disarm a whole part of this tribe
We taking niggas lives, so what? They tryin take mine
What I'm supposed to do? Let shit slide like I was close to you?
This murder I write, pushin a hearse, let me chaffeur you
Cause I'mma ride for my niggas, die for my niggas
Puff lye with my niggas til I'm high with my niggas
What the deal son?

Aiyyo it's off with his head
Nigga I was born in the fuckin Dawn of the Dead
I always got my Dunn like I always got my gun
Fresh out the box, oiled and cocked, Glock 21
Once I've begun to pop, I ain't gon' stop til I'm done
So either call the cops, or bust a shot - nigga uhh
Cause I'mma ride for my niggas, die for my niggas
Puff lye with my niggas til I'm high with my niggas
Hold me down Pros'

Aiyyo it's off with his head
Put that nigga to sleep and make a coffin his bed
I come from rough times where niggas bust 9's and be like fuck rhymes
And puff dimes, living on front lines, and lust crimes
You better trust mines, I'm down for the cause
Gimme a round of applause and hear the sound of the 4's
Cause I'mma ride for my niggas, die for my niggas
Puff lye with my niggas til I'm high with my niggas
What the deal kid?
Aiyyo it's off with his head
Cock the lead redecorate the crib burgandy red
Aiyyo I never front, I want whatever nigga to stomp
Whoever want it gonna get lift with the pump
I mention I'm dumb, my trigger finger fittin to jump
Got the whole left side of my face twitchin and stuff
Cause I'mma ride for my niggas, die for my niggas
Puff lye with my niggas til I'm high with my niggas
Take us home Dunn

Aiyyo it's off with his head
He ain't really want it so he lost it instead
"Picture Me Rollin" like 'Pac in the drop, my style too hot
To figure out, oh Lord, please don't make me put this nigga out
My trigger shout through your area code
The scary explos', your click get, leary of foes
Cause I'mma ride for my niggas, die for my niggas
Puff lye with my niggas til I'm high with my niggas
Now it's on Twin - now it's on Twin
Yeah, hah, now it's on Twin

Terror Squad, Big Pun, The Don, Armaged-deon
Prospect, Triple Seis, Cuban Link, Terror Squad3Embed

Ooooooooooohhhhh.. Puerto Rico

Toma

Pronto llegara, el dia de mi suerte
Te lo juro por mi gente
Te juro que un dia llegara
And we won't stop
We always knew we'd make it
Even though you player hated
We still made it to the top

Puerto Rock Puro, not Menudo no I'm not the one
I'm studyin' Judo, you don't know if I got a gun
It's Pun, from the X side of things, baguette inside my rings
Everything I want I gets, bada-BING
It's mine I Shyne like money that sound like Biggie
Fuck around my town, Boogie Down my city
Come around get pound, to the ground no pity
Watch the sound, fo'-pound twenty round milli'
Get smacked silly, for coming out your mug
I'm known for bouncin' thugs from the Tunnel to the Salsa clubs
Don't matter, put the chrome to your bladder
Splatter your abs, have you pissin' in a plastic bag
That's a drag now you abnormal
Don't make me grab the Rambo
And put some motherfuckin' stabs on you
The night is young and I'm already fightin', hidin' my gun
Promoter buggin' screamin', who the fuck invited Pun
You might also like
Pronto llegara, el dia de mi suerte
Te lo juro por mi gente
Te juro que un dia llegara
And we won't stop
We always knew we'd make it
Even though you player hated
We still made it to the top

From San Juan to Bayamon, I'm the Don Juan beside the Don
Live long, get your party on
Don't let the liquor fool you, cause I'll stick it to you
Somethin sharp to the heart, or somethin big to move you
The Desert or the shottie, whatever you the body
That chose to be the dumb nigga at the party
Too much Bacardi started speakin' dumb
Then you tried to snuff Joe, must have been Puerto Rican rum
That's the hardcore, two years a sophomore
Takes years to earn a pair of Terror Squad balls
So get lost or take one, bones I break them
Pigs are bacon, so get fried if they come
You see that? I'm like G. Rap, 'Pac, Master P
All balled up with a twist of Marc Anthony
Recognize me I'm the one that's cockin' the auto
Tony Sunshine please canten el coro
Pronto llegara, el dia de mi suerte
Te lo juro por mi gente
Te juro que un dia llegara
And we won't stop
We always knew we'd make it
Even though you player hated
We still made it to the top
 It ain't over
 I thought you ain't like the beat
 Te digo que no se ha acabado

La tierra del Borinquen donde nacido yo
Aha aha aha aha..
Es un jardin florido de magico primor
Aha aha aha aha aha aha aha...
Un cielo siempre nitido, que sirve de dosel
Y dan arrullos placidos, las olas a sus pies

Pronto llegara, el dia de mi suerte
Te lo juro por mi gente
Te juro que un dia llegara
And we won't stop
We always knew we'd make it
Even though you player hated
We still made it to the top
A Puerto Rico2Embed
What?
T-S nigga
Y'all don't know?

Aiyyo its on, I see how niggas didn't learn
You is wrong, thought the fire didn't burn
Its on, me and Pun ain't from the Bronx
You's wrong, nigga we can get it on

Aiyyo, guns we toss 'em, and bodies we auction
To his family we tell 'em he owed us a fortune
Gimme forty-thou, you can have your child, you don't know
What I had to go through, to clap this clown
Check my background
The last nigga to see you bleed
The last nigga to see you breathe
The last nigga you wish you shoulda believed
And Drag move quick, blend right in the wall like a brick
The only thing you see before I blow off ya shit is my wrist
'Cuz my hand the gun is covered in
Not this range, when I pump this pistol, its very rare I miss
It's damn near on your lips
Y'all keep talkin like y'all teflon with no weap-ons
Nigga I'm pumpin my raw, I ain't thugging no more
Nowadays niggas run upstairs, open they drawer
My circumstance, you ain't got that chance
Mines in my draw, you get it?
Thats means y'all walks for two dicks, so don't be stupid
And make me use one, unless you not a bitch
You might also like
Aiyyo it's on, you thought I was wack
You was wrong, album double plat
Yo it's on, stop talkin shit
You was wrong, get off my dick

How dare you doubt or deny Big Pun, the undoubtable
The only rapper that'll pull out a gun and slap the shit outta you
You can't tell me nothing, I'll clonk you and stomp out ya belly button
I'm too violent for this rap shit, I should be out somewhere killin somethin'
Too quick to blast, some niggas talk shit and dash
But I really will KICK YOUR ASS
Juggernaut, I don't care if you a thug or not
I'll get Jamaican on ya ass, rudeboy, what the bomboclaat?
On your mark get ready, run, I'm sparkin' everyone
Don't wanna get locked? Stand back and watch
Where you from?
How dare you come and try to shit where I eat
Fuck you nigga, literally
Dick in your cheeks, you rich in the street
But I'm still gon' hit cha'll niggas
Because up north you be tossin' salads with maple syrup
I know you hate to hear it, but everybody know this one
Why you always gotta be right nigga?
Why can't you ever be wrong?
Now it's on, from the Bronx where its at
You was wrong, me and Pun brought it back
Now it's on, stay on with the gat
You was wrong, it's the Don, Joey Crack

Who the fuck want beef with Joe Crack
Make your body fold back
Lift his soul with the chrome mack
I don't chat on the phone, 'cuz the phone tapped
You heard there's money on the block, we control that
I got the work in the pot where that stove at
Cook it up 'till it's rock, get my dough back
You niggas so wack, tryna compete
I blind you with heat, I'm the reason crime on the street
I die for my peeps, keep an open eye when I sleep
Let you slide when I coulda put five in your Jeep
Who's liver than me? I ain't know you really want it
I'm like Christ, niggas beg for they life when they see me comin'
Ain't nobody gonna stop my shine, you out'cho mind
Don't make me have to cock my nine, pop ya spine
Neva did believe in the Don's
Since ninety-two I've been proving that y'all niggas was wrong

Aiyyo, it's on, though I'd stay on the block
You was wrong, now Remi on the rock
So it's on, thought I wasn't gonna drop
You was wrong, I was right all along
I told these niggas, that I was the sickest bitch
And everytime you spit, I'mma spit some sicker shit
Ridiculous, I reminisce and blaze the track
Type of shit make a nigga wanna play it back
Y'all hatin' that, but I'mma make 'em all believers
Fuck hot, I'mma come and straight drop a fever
Cop a heater, turn around and pop your leader
And for the followers, I'mma leave their heads hollower
Make your wig twisted as if I was Oliver
Layin' in a hospital, hooked up the monitors
Thats for the game, y'all lames just came to first
'Cuz I ain't neva heard a bitch straight flame a verse
I blame the church, how God let you lie like that
Who scribed you for, 'cuz you ain't never rhymed like that
How the fuck you gon' tell me that chick is tight
She ain't 'aight 'cuz she don't write, you wrongEmbed