Dr. Harrah, is Mr. Kane loose in this hospital?
In the morgue I think, doctor
I specifically told Dr. Riley to suspend him
Aw, yeah
We gon' pump this up one time
As we set it off a little like this, kick it
Pump it up now (It's a Big Daddy thing)
As we send this out to New York City
Can't forget the posse down in Philly
Also in Detroit (It's a Big Daddy thing)
Chicago, Atlanta, GA
Sendin' this out to Miami (It's a Big Daddy thing)
Tampa, can't forget Virginia and North Carolina
LA and Oakland (It's a Big Daddy thing)
And the rest of the world as we go a little somethin' like this (It's a Big Daddy thing)

Let it rain, let it rain, be put it pain
With nothin' to gain under the wrath of Kane
'Cause you can't maintain, I drained every brain
To leave a stain plain to remain in my lane
Or path or road, until the next episode
Let the B-I-G D-A-double-D-Y explode
Just like a bomb in Vietnam, so hit the alarm
Or be funky like a underarm
And allow me to show how the microphone
Should flow, now, competition bow
To me like a Buddha, the teacher, the tutor
They come a dime a dozen but the Kane look cuter
And I ain't about that slouchin' or crabbin'
So save it, 'cause that's one thing I ain't havin'
Because the purpose I serve is to please ya
Rhymes will ease ya like Milk of Magnesia
So bust a pimp without a limp
And I crush any wimp that would try to attempt to, um
Get loose, now put a boost and use to chill
The comp to Kane, I picked Beetlejuice
You might also like
Big Daddy thing
Big Daddy thing

I'm just that ruthless, to leave ya toothless
'Cause you're useless, makin' up excuses, excuses
So never touch, tap, tangle or tamper
A fearless fly foe'll get slapped with a Pamper
'Cause I can dig in your face like root canal
But I'ma chill, won't even dispute you now
Actin' wild just ain't my style
'Cause only the live will be movin' the crowd, but see
Quiet as kept, not like a star to you
But I can roast an MC like a barbecue
In the dead zone, you shouldn't have left home
Steppin' to the man, now get the head flown
I bring the terror, horror, there's no tomorrow
Child, you shouldn't even bother
To press up and get broken like a Lee nail
So let me school ya, plus scoop your female
Just like a gigolo, but I'm much bigger though
I'm like a hitman, pullin' the trigger slow
And smooth to the groove with lyrics that'll soothe
And improve with every move, that's why you've
Been enhanced by the mentally divine
So play football and let's go the nine
Shorts, I take none, 'cause I ain't the one
In '89 there's damage being done
And for you to diss me will be very risky
'Cause I make this be as strong as whiskey
To break and make my foes dispose and fall
So y'all can see how me, the Kane, will just reign
Superior, 'cause I ain't even hearin' ya
Save the yang 'cause it's a Big Daddy thang
Big Daddy thing
Big Daddy thing
Big Daddy thing
Big Daddy thing

And this one here goes out to my man Mad Money Murph
Can't forget Big Sha, Big Therm
And also I got to say what's up to my man Horace
Got Nice and Smooth in the place to be
Mack Daddy Nick, know what I'm sayin'?
Can't forget my man Ant Live
And of course the one and only Prince Paul, peace
It's a Big Daddy thing
It's a Big Daddy thing
It's a Big Daddy thing
It's a Big Daddy thing
It's a Big Daddy thing
It's a Big Daddy thing
It's a Big Daddy thing
It's a Big Daddy thing
It's a Big Daddy thing
It's a Big Daddy thing2Embed
The kiss of death on a rap pick
Then you get a slap quick, so guard it with Chapstick
In other words, protect and hold your own
It only takes one punch to get ya head flown
Fists of fury, suckers get buried
'Cause the Kane got more spice than curry
I am the flavor down on paper
And nothin' could save ya from catchin' the vapors
Rhymes that'll sting your face like a quick jab
And I'm rubbin' 'em in just like Vicks salve
Captivatin', dominatin', innovatin', illustratin', fascinatin'
Motivatin', elevatin', terminatin', mutilatin'
Rhymes they're worth their weight in
Gold, bold, never sold to a bidder
That claim to glitter, you're so bitter like kitty litter
As for damage, don't tell me what another do
'Cause I quote that I'm R-A-W
So make room, 'cause fighters are doomed
Try to consume, and make your own tomb
A grave or a casket, a tisket, a tasket
You're rhymes out of basket
Boy, you get your ass kicked!
For frontin' like you hittin' hard
When your arms are too short to box with God
So don't even touch 'cause I come with too much
Address and bless any mic that I clutch
And for a rapper to challenge my freestyle, he must be senile
And that's why meanwhile, back at the ranch...
The brother Asiatic chosen one is expandin' with a new branch
So many slept on the nonchalant act
Now wake up, sucker, this is mortal combat!
You might also like
Make you say, daddy, I don't want none...
Make you say, daddy, I don't want none...
Make you say, daddy, I don't want none...
Make you say, daddy, I don't want none...

I seize and freeze MC's with these degrees
Put me to my knees, or at ease? Chiiiillld, please
I break it down, to bring on the next act
Rappers are so full of shit, they need Ex-Lax
So stop griffin', your mind is driftin'
Prepare yourself 'cause I get swift and
Captivate the crowd but you can't understand
At times, I gotta say to myself, "God damn!"
As I get hot, and still be gettin' warmer
And I don't have beef with no other performer
Keep to myself, never bother another
But if a rapper tries to diss, I crush the motherfucker!
Frontin' MC's that be tryin' to riff
Need to save it, and don't even play with
Me when I react like a volcano eruptin'
I step to you and say, "Now, what's up then?"
Every word'll be just like surgery
Cuttin' you open so rush to emergency
Or even bow to your knees and bend low
Or get played like a game of Nintendo
J-O-K-E-S ain't my style
I ain't a child, that's why I don't smile
I combine a line designed to find behind the mind
So divine, the other rappers need resign
As I go on, from night to morn'
Beginning to end, from Knowledge to Born
Whenever rappers are lookin' for static
Looks like a job for King-Asiatic
N-E, send me competitors
Then again, it might just be better to
Just slow down, you don't wanna throw-down
I get busy, get you dizzy like a merry-go-round
Feel the wrath of a Big Daddy raw rhyme
And competition, prepare for wartime
Be alert for where I drop the bomb at
As I destroy you with mortal combat
Make you say, daddy, I don't want none...
Make you say, daddy, I don't want none...
Make you say, daddy, I don't want none...
Make you say, daddy, I don't want none...

I roll so bold with soul, control the whole patrol
Of folders molders towin' black gold
So let it be said, let it be read 'cause I lead ahead
Of others whose rhymes are old as Pro-Keds
Tryin' to diss the Big Daddy repertoire? Moi?!
You steady screamin' out a antique segment wrote
As I just play 'em like a pregnant roach and STOMP 'EM
For tryin' the forbidden
Your rhymes ain't hittin', boy, you won't be gettin'
None of, or in front of, 'cause every one of
My adversaries lack, you little son of
O-bit-uary columns will read your name
If you ever try to step to the Big Daddy Kane
So any claimin' or aimin' to be champion
Against me? Psssh, can't be won
I rank supreme and it's a rapper's dream
To scheme and fiend for my technique, but redeem
'Cause there's only room for one teacher
Wise words from a wise man'll reach ya
I teach freedom, justice and equality
Peace to the brothers and sisters that follow me
Plenty poisoned minds of the people are ours
Slaves, from mental death in power
That's the reason before I drop this bomb
I say peace to the Nation of Islam
("Make you say" (6X) "daddy I don't want none...")
("Make you say, say, da-daddy I don't want none...")
("Make, ma-ma-make, make you say daddy I don't want none...")
("Make you say" (6X) "daddy I don't want none...")1Embed
Me say the beat don't stop until the break of dawn
Nor does the growth of our young world
Yes the children, be buildin, each boy and girl
Cause you are the cream of the planet earth
The new birth, now take that for what it's worth
And give the child room, to blossom and bloom
Livin large, it's your destiny to consume
To take flight and ignite to a brand new height
Cause that's your goal in life - am I right? (Yeah!)
To start reachin, come on each and every
Single one of y'all comprehend what I'm teachin
I said listen up, listen up, listen up youngster
Learn from a lesson that the Big Daddy brung ya
It's nothin but knowledge, I shall bring to you
And I'm not Mr. Rogers or Captain Kangaroo, but I know
"children, children" - "are the future" (variations 4X)
"children, children" Where we goin now?
Take my hand my child, and let me show you how
Cause I'm here to help..
.. those who need Knowledge of Self
Young brothers and sisters, considered the cream
That must rise to the top and fulfill the dream
And there are desires that we all want to achieve
But remember, respect is most greatest to receive
And we don't have to gain it by bein TOUGH
Or sellin our own kind that cooked white stuff
So bring your negative mind from out of the shade
Find your true self and let's all get paid, because
You might also like"children, children" - "are the future" (variations 4X)
People, people, why we live illegal?
Your life just ends short and you know that there's no sequel
(sequel) They'll say that it was fun while it lasted
You run wild, stickin up and gettin blasted
Pregnant girls livin solo, on the welfare
Cause your so-called man said "go to hell, dear"
And young brothers that could be tryin to rap
Instead, are out boostin clothes at the Gap
Now what kind of life is that for a child?
Runnin wild livin foul, hey, change your lifestyle
Get some knowledge, and open your eyes
Just take a little bit of time
How fully you'll come to realize, that
"children, children" - "are the future" (variations 4X)

I believe the children are the future
Teach them well and let them lead the way
Show them all of the beauty they posess inside
Give them, a sense of pride
To make it easier, let the children laughter
Remind us how we used to beEmbed

Anything goes when it comes to hoes, they go
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)

One-two-three-four, to five-six-seven
Eight, nine-ten, then ya got eleven
Twelve, thirteen, start your age
Fourteen, fifteen, sixteen, the pubic stage
Like an apple, like a cherry, like a peach, like a plum
Let me get off the virgin before I cum
Pick up my pants and thump and thump
I think I'll call up Tootie, she'll give me some
Watch out, watch out I'm drippin' live scum
I say damn, I love the way I make my posse roll-a
'Specially when the hoochie's on birth control-a
Lift her up just like a pick-up truck
Then I sat her down and we started to fuck
Made whoopie, made whoopie, made whoopie, yo
I hope this time I don't make a cookie
Brothers everywhere be callin' me a rookie
Two from the Greg Nice from the old school
But bullshit, I ain't no fool, 'cause
You might also like
Anything goes when it comes to hoes, they go
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)

Well, I say... Extra! Extra!
Here is a bachelor comin' straight at ya
I see trim and bag it, take it home and rag it
The Big Daddy law is anti-faggot
That means no homosexuality
What's in my pants'll make you see reality
And if you wanna see a smooth black Casanova
Bend over!
Cuz I don't half-step when it comes to broads
The K-A-N-E'll go the whole nine yards
There's no time for coversation my dear
(Ohh!) Is all I wanna hear
So let's make a move, as I get smooth
Cuz the purpose I serve is to soothe
I'm tall, dark and handsome and all that junk
Even white girls be sayin' "Ooh, Kane's a hunk!"
Even Puerto Rican girls be callin' me papi
Some try to copy, but they look sloppy
So imitators that wanna step to a
Brother like me, lick my manure
Anything goes when it comes to hoes, they go
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)

I'm just goin' and I'm flowin' like a gigolo
And when I used to be with Scott, I was a Super-Ho
But now I'm coolin' with Kane and Greg N-I-C-E
And if you girlies want my tip they gotta pay a fee
I love bonin', and all my friends they will agree
That when it comes to pimpin' hoes, it ain't easy
First name, Smooth, last name, B
When I'm bonin' a girl, I make her feel heavenly
I like to make 'em wait, and then make 'em beg
And when I take off my clothes, then I form a third leg
They rub it with oils and suck it with ice
Now I'm sweating, my mind is in paradise

Anything goes when it comes to hoes, they go
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)
Tip-tip-toein', Scoob Lover's out hoein'
Braggin' to the fellas how my flattop was growin'
Buyin' drinks for the ladies, money I was blowin'
Right in front of me, hmm, not even knowin'
A brown-skinned cutie; big, plump booty
Nametag earrings readin' off "Tootie"
Bullseye, bing, the girl of my dreams
From my eyesight that was what it seemed
I said, uh, "Come a little bit closer"
To Scoob that night, choice guy, she said "Hi
Hi, hi, I've really been wantin' to meet you
I just got paid and I'll be very glad to treat you
How 'bout dinner, a Salisbury steak?"
I said, "Sorry Honey-Dip, but I already ate"
So I nudged the other girlies off my shoulder
Went for Tootie 'cause the girl was much older
East to the Benz, I slowly walked
Clearing out my throat so I cold start my smooth talk
Sex in my mind, I was sure of it
I wanted to tax that ass like the government

Anything goes when it comes to hoes, because
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)
Anything goes when it comes to hoes, because
Pimpin' ain't easy (Pimpin' ain't easy)

Well, it's Friday night, ain't a damn thing funny --
Bitch better have my money2Embed
 Yo
 I ran into a young lady Maliya last night
 Word?
 Must have been her husband's payday
 Heheh
 because she bought me this here brand new
Diamond link that you see me with on
 Mmm
 Smooth, you knowhatI'msayin? You know why?
 Why Kane?
 Cause I get the job done

I work
I work
I work
I work.. baby!
I work
I work
I work
I work.. baby!

The question at hand, is how do I love thee?
I count the ways but girls don't shove me
One by one you can come and caress me
Undress and molest me but you can't posess me
Because I love a young lady that's beautiful
But one that's smart for me, is more suitable
In other words, to make it simple and plain
You gotta have a brain in order to be Ms. Kane
But in the case of not becomin my lady
I take em eight to eighty, dumb crippled and crazy
Crisp and clean with no caffeine
And a pair of spandex or either tight jeans
Couldn't believe the ones with the Chinese cuts
But I'll take 'em with the weave hangin down to they butts
And if you step up in a large sum
Like Martin Luther King, I Shall Overcome
I get the job done
You might also like
I work
I work
I work
I work.. baby!
I work
I work
I work
I work.. baby!

Some of you ladies make moves too quick
And settle down, without havin a large pick
Rushed into becoming some poohbutt's wife
And no longer do you enjoy, the married life
Well, I let you know this is a brand new year
So never fear, the Big Daddy is here
To do things in places your husband wouldn't
And do certain things he probably just couldn't
Let me sneak into your life, like a thief in the night
Lick your body all over and squeeze you real tight
Nibble all over your ear and give your back a massage
You'll say, "Oooh I like it," just like DeBarge (how large)
Smooth and mild I'll make you smile, honey child
Then hit the lights and get buckwild
And when I turn her back on, you'll have to say
Like Calgon, please take me away
So when your main course is doin nothin for ya
Just look at me as a tasty side order
That came into your life and brought a thrill
Cause any husband won't, I'm a neighbor who will, get the job done..
I work
I work
I work
I work.. baby!
I work
I work
I work
I work.. baby!
T.R., take it to the bridge, uhh!

Here's a perfect description of me
Six foot one, and dark and lovely
And if they're sayin black is beautiful, it's true not phony
I'm Browner than Bobby so won't you be my Tenderoni
And get a whiff of this nymphomaniac
An up-to-date mack that's ready to attack
And prove that I'm a pro and far from a rookie
Ain't no hair on my chest, but I'm one tough cookie
Whoever said you had to be one-hundred percent
Masculine in order to be in?
I'd rather be more subtle and smooth and SOOTH
Girl, you won't disapprove
And I promise that you'll never forget
Hmmmmmmmmmmm, now what's a title to fit me?
A champ like Tyson, a Captain like Kirk, no
Employee of the Month, cause yo, I do work
The K-A-N-E is on the J-O-B
An expert, cause I get it D-O-N-E
So lights, camera, action - all hail the one!
That gets the job done
I work
I work
I work
I work.. baby!
I work
I work
I work
I work.. baby!1Embed
Well excuse me, take a few minutes, to mellow out
Big Daddy Kane is on the mic and I'mma tell about
A minimum length, of rhymes of strength
And power, so listen to the man of the hour
Flow and go to a slow tempo and you know
Sing ho, swing low, then yo the show
Will go on, as I perform
Transformin' on stage like a Decepticon
But I'm not animated like a cartoon
I'm for real, shootin' lyrics like a harpoon
Across the crowd, the listeners, the spectators
So let's groove with the smooth operator

"Cause I'm so smooth..."

The B-I-G, D-A-double-D-Y-K-A-N-E
I'm good and plenty, servin' many and any
Competition, wishin' for an expedition
I'm straight up dissin' and dismissin', listen
Rappers act so wild, and love to profile
Frontin' hard but they ain't got no style
I give nightmares to those who compete
Freddy Krueger, walkin' on Kane Street
Confuse and lose abuse and bruise the crews
Who choose to use my name wrong, they pay dues
Destruction from the exterminator
But in a calm manner, cause I'm a smooth operator
You might also like
"Cause I'm so smooth..."

Now girls step up to this
One simple kiss, and it's over, miss
Sold to nice dreamers, high as the price seem
Girlfriend, you been scooped like ice cream
So just swing or fling a gathering, try to cling
Cause It's a Big Daddy Thing
And I'm lovin' 'em right, word is bond
So just play Marvin Gaye and Let's Get It On
I make it real good like Dr. Feelgood
To make sure that my point is understood
That when it comes to this there's none greater
Sincerely yours... the smooth operator

"Cause I'm so smooth..."

Now ain't that the pot callin' the kettle black
Sayin' I'm a new jack, you need to be smacked
The smooth way I say 'em and the way I display 'em
To make them sound different in a way that's gifted
And hey I'm, makin sure every lyric is done fine
And I make one line, bright as the sunshine
Attack you like Robitussin on a cough
If you know like I know -- step off
Competition, I'mma get rid of
You can't get a bit of, so just consider
A break or rest, vacation, hibernation
And make way for my smooth operation
I'm a smooth operator
"Cause I'm so smooth..."
Ahhhhh yeahhh, and you don't stop
Genuine for '89
And I still ain't half-steppin, peace!4Embed
Here comes the conquering brother that varies and never ceases
Violators pick up the pieces (Uh)
That are left behind as you're left to find
The fury of the five fingers of death are mine
Grippin' on a microphone, recitin' a poem
Givin' competition a Big Daddy syndrome
Some step up (Hmm), none kept up (Mmm)
They rap a brief moment and then shut up
Lips are sealed because all of this is real
I'm not about frontin', I tell the real deal of society (What?)
So how we livin'?
Like a turkey on Thanksgiving or like Robin Givens?
Not to offend, I just want you to comprehend
Every message I send (Tell 'em)
'Cause I don't understand, I have to wonder, damn
How could this lifestyle be fun to man?
To see a brother get paid undercover
Sellin' drugs to one another
'Cause all the glamour you get is miscellaneous
And all the product you sell is real dangerous
Like, um, um, let's say, um, poison
Destruction to all your own boys and
Girls who like to buy and give it a try, admire
They can't deny the high, that's why they soon die
These are games that a fool would play today
For our own kind to decay
No sign of brotherly love
Just scavengers in search of
You might also like
Another victory
Another victory
Another victory
Another victory
Another victory
Another victory
Another victory

When I'm cruisin' in my Volvo, cops harass me
They never ride past me, they hound me like Lassie
Wantin' to give me a summons or a ticket
Huh, I got a place for them to stick it (Kick it)
They can't understand to see a black man
Drivin' a car that costs twenty-five grand
The first thing they say is, "Where'd you steal her?"
And then they assume that I'm a drug dealer
Huh, that just makes me wanna laugh
'Cause, no, I'm a star and your son got my autograph
So all the cops on the highway gettin' me
My name ain't Keith, so could you please stop sweatin' me?
So I can flow on and go on, so on, and so on
To all the jams Cee throw on
Reachin' the summit as you learn from it
A lesson taught from yours truly, so here cometh
The royal majesty, others have to be
Fully prepared, though they still won't last with me
So when you hope to hang or even handle
I'll show the meaning of power and just cancel (Period)
Out of order, conquer and slaughter
You're comin' up shorter, boy, you'll need more to
Compete 'cause the heat is deep in concrete
To beat, bring a complete fleet when we meet
Or stay away, put new rhymes on layaway
Then come get this when you're ready for business
'Cause, aw, yeah, I'm with this (I'm ready)
Yo, Mister Cee, what is this?
Another
Another victory
Another
Another victory
Another
Another victory
Another
Another victory

MCs and enemies, I freeze at thirty-two degrees
Because they don't drop rhymes like these
Competition never saw none done
So pay attention as I mention the 4-1-1
Just the other day, I heard a brother say
"Taxi cabs don't even come my way"
They all be afraid they won't get paid
So they zoom right past to pick up a lighter shade
And if they stop, the first thing they want
No more than two people and the money upfront
Treatin' me like I'm some type of thug
It might sound bugged, but they don't wanna get mugged
Who's in the right or wrong? It's time to unite along
And righteous with a walk in success and be strong
Instead of lookin' for someone to beef with
A brother like the Big Daddy Kane is peace with
Rappers of today like (Kid 'n Play)
Hey, even my man LL Cool J
(Stetsasonic) and EPMD
Public Enemy and (BDP)
Salt-N-Pepa 'cause we can't sever, never
Whether, whatever, we better stand together
That means unite, not fightin' or fussin' or cussin'
Save all the base for the pipe and start lovin'
One another 'cause separation is a flaw
So endure for more and stop lookin' for
Another victory
Another victory
Another victory
Another victory
Another victory
Another victory
Another victory
Another victory
Another victoryEmbed
Well, here we are
United just for you
Our flat-top cuts are new
Because we're on the move

Na-na-na now girls step up, the quick ones kept up
The slow ones need to pep up to keep Big Daddy's rep up
Cause I don't let up or get up or even set up
On a a speak freak, I know how to make you shut up
Gasp your breath as you huff and puff
The Big Daddy got more than enough good stuff
Cause I'm just like secret when it comes to trimin'
Strong enough for a man but made for women
So come one, come all, I'm not about bein' picky
It only takes a hickey to make you want a quickie
From the Cameo haircut man that's dark and lovely
Smooth and suave, that's why girls dream of me
And not to flaunt, I love a flirt with a skirt
And after a concert, a little neeeaaah don't hurt
Just to hear the girls screamin' out wild, G
You're not a Jungle Brother, but that's some Jimbrowski
I'm like a pimp, see, and iff you tempt me
I can fill up any girls that's empty
Give you somethin' that's mighy and strong
But ladies, don't get me wrong
Because you say that I love 'em and leave 'em, but no, I please ya
And then catch amnesia
But the party people can't be denied
So I remember those who's on my side
You might also like
Well, here we are
United just for you
Our flat-top cuts are new
Because we're on the move
 "Scoob Lover, my brother."

The mic goes around like a 40 ounce
Now, I'm-a take a sip, now it's time to bounce
I won't get tipsy, I don't drink and talk
And, no, I'm not a hoddlum by the way I walk
Cause I'm one hype, one brown-skinned brother
For those who don't know me, I'm (who?) Scoob Lover
A jolly good fellow, flowin' with the mellow
For all the choice cuties, I'd love to say "Hello"
So take away the 3, let's stick to 1, 2
Me and you, now here's a clue what we could do
It begins with an S and ends with an X
Hmmm, not the number 6, so guess what's next
So girls, don't barge, don't blink, be still
Cause it's about time for Scoob to get ill
Remember you dissed, now you wanna kiss
Write me fan letters, sayin' that you miss
There's only one rap dancer, the cool romancer
If I had a million dollars, I'd try to cure cancer
But I'm only here to get illy, ha
Now, I'm drug free and I don't smoke Phillies
So come here, shorty, go buy me a 40
And make sure it's cold so the crew can get naughty
Well, here we are
United just for you
Our flat-top cuts are new
Because we're on the move

"Scrap Lover, my other."

You get jacked if you ever try to nap
Ona a rap from Scrap because you know there's no haps
Now, right from where I left off, to all those who stepped off
You know you had it comin', the blame is what you slept off
?Destruction played a part on roll, here's so to say.?
You can't mislead me. Why? Cause I know the way
Always gave headaches, never known for heartaches
Time and effort, huh, that's what a star takes
Let me give you a true piece of mind
Cause this rare species is so hard to find
I'm custom-made for all the ladies with guts
A tall box of hair or rather cameo cuts
Draggin' tattoes is what the girls found
Two on m chest, one draggin' on the ground
To all the young ladies that's clean and legit
As long as I got a face, you got a place o sit
No tokens for heart-broken turnstiles
No remarks or regrets, but I'll burn while
Those that's destined to question for a new thing
Join us in harmony together as we sing
For all the ladies determined that once was
So jealous, stop searchin' now cause....
Well, here we are
United just for you
Our flat-top cuts are new
Because we're on the move


You don't stop, you don't stop
You keep on to the break of dawnEmbed
 Aiyyo whassup Red Alert? I'm chillin Duke
 Yo do me a favor man -- pleeeeeease tell me
About these big ol bubblehead girls out here

Well hey, you know that lady on the top floor of my buildin?
The heavyset one with about ten children?
You may remember her as a slim honey
When her man name was Pimp Daddy Hustler Stack Money
A big time drug dealer from around the way
Slingin rocks, makin G's everyday
He drove a big fat Mercedes Benz
And even bought her a car to perpetrate for her friends
It was a brand new Jag, with the spoiler and rag
And the girl was a nag, cause all she did was just brag
I mean baaaaaaaaaaad -- we know your coat cost a lot
You didn't have to leave on the price tag
And count the times her stomach got plump
Havin baby after baby by the same old chump
And then the day came, he left the dame shamed
But who's to blame? Y'all know the name of the game
Pimp Daddy's wanted as he maxes and relaxes
She can't even sue for money, pushers don't pay taxes
So what's to do? Oh yeah
To feed ten mouths, she had to call on Mr. Welfare
You might also like What? Mr. Welfare?
Man they playin high-post with low income
Check this out -- when y'all go around to the corner
Y'all gonna check out another episode
Go like somethin like this..

Hey, if you think that suck, bust this
Another little story as I reminisce
About an old friend of mine that was livin out of order
Makin money like water (illlllll-egal?) Yeah, sorta
He sold drugs and robbed a lot of people
But in these days and times, who lives legal?
It's all about who knows the trade
And who am I to knock him? Homeboy was gettin paid
He chose his own lifestyle to live - it was negative
But his own prerogative
Makin cash to flash and stash in half the trash
The cops made the dash (sufferin succotash!)
Because he had to do ten in the pen
And then begin again to apprehend, huh
But what's lost is lost, the reign is over
(Huhhh, see ya!) Nice to know ya
Money, no longer can he collect it
Can't even get a job cause he got a jail record
So what's left? No hopes of a career
So yeahhh, he's callin Mr. Welfare!
 Mr. Big Daddy Kane
They don't know what time it is about Mr. Welfare
Do me a favor -- open up your book to page fifteen
At the top and read it off like thisssssssss

Here's a story of a guy who had to cop out his life
For bein a high school dropout
In the ninth grade he wanted to get paid
But now the young brother needs government aid
Because in his past he decided to cut class
And run in the streets to make ends meet
No shame in the game of his
But silly rabbit, Trix are for kids!
So when you sat on the corner with a 40 ounce
Talkin bout whattup? Can't even pronounce
Your words correct, now in retrospect
That's a shame - but in '89, who gives a heck?
There's no type of path to follow
It's all about a dollar, fuck bein a scholar
That's why your report card's through
Like a BizMark beat, it reads eww-eww-eww-eww-eww!
So now you wanna wake up and smell the coffee?
Lookin for a helpin hand, but get off me!
I tried to tell you the deal last summer
Stay in school, and get yourself a diploma
Now you're on your own, tryin to make it alone
No food or home, chewin on a meaty bone
So what's to do since the cupboard is bare?
Brrring brrring! Call on Mr. Welfare
 Yo Kane, that's the story about my man Mr. Welfare huh?
 Yo like Chuck D said, how low can you go
 If she go any lower, she gonna have a personal problem
Yo my man Mister Cee, cut it up money!
* Mister Cee cuts "welll-fare" *

We-eh-el-el-el, el-el-elllllllfare, c'mon!
Yeah Mr. Welfare
He on some new stuff, what what is it?
He all new and improved?
Right? Yeah, like that old Bug-Out stuff
This guy, is he alright or what?
I think he on a mission with no kind of learnin
You know what Big Daddy Kane?
We gonna have to take care of this matter
Mister Cee, go ahead, cut it up
My man Big Daddy Kane gonna see about my man Mr. Welfare alright?
Places to go, people to see, things to do
And you know what else to get.. see ya!
Yeahhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhsss!Embed
Mmmm, mmm, mmm!

My, my, my, my, my, my, my, my, my
This must be what you call, love at first sight
When you commit yourself to someone
And don't even know wrong from right (wrong from right)
Looks like my feelings been united with you baby
But maybe just a little bit too soon
I realized that hearts get broken, sweetheart
I couldn't stand the wound (can't stand the wound)
So I put mines in your hands girl
And it's all yours my dear
But you got to be gentle, cause it's fragile see
That means handle with care (handle with care)
Heh, reminisce on how I first met you
You remember... backstage at my show
I thought that I was the star until I saw you
But I did not love her (I did not love her)
Escapin' from the crowd to be alone with you
Cause I had oh so much to say
As we sat down in my dressing room girl, huh
And just talked the entire night away
From that moment on, I felt that I knew you
Just like the back of my hand (I love you, I love you)
Loved you like I never loved another (I loved you)
And dreamt of being your man
You might also like
How would it feel?
To be your man?
How would it feel?
To be your man?

Just think of the first time that we went out to the movies
When we went to see that picture
Ahhhhhh, I was on the first thing smokin'
Just to fly down there to getcha (I gotta getcha)
And what about the time that I called you long distance
On my car telephone (and I was alone)
Now that's what I call reachin' out to touch somebody in a million dollar zone
But you see, it didn't matter sweatheart, nah baby
Cause I'd call Mars for you
Climb the highest mountain to be by your side
Word to mother, cause my love is true (my love is true)
Girl, if you could just understand (try to understand)
All the things that I'd do
Just for the sake of me, Kane, bein your man

How would it feel?
To be your man?
How would it feel?
To be your man?
(Do it to em Blue Magic!)
(Howwww does it feel) How would it feel?
(Just to be your man) To be your man?
(I want to know)
How would it feel? (So whatchu sayin baby?)
To be your man? (So whatchu sayin baby?)
(Ooooo-ooooooooooo)
How would it feel? (Be your man)
To be your man? (Can I be your man?)
(I'll be good to you)
(So good to you)
How would it feel?
To be your man?
(I'll be good to you)
How would it feel? (Oooooooooooo)
(C'mon girl)
To be your man? (yeah, yeah)
(Be so good to you)Embed
Come, get some, you little bum
I take the cake, but you can't get a crumb
From the poetic, authentic, superior
Ultimate, and all that good shit
I'm the original Asiatic, acrobatic
There you have it, now get dramatic
Creatin' drama when I'm on the scene
And I pack 'em in mean, like Bruce Springsteen
I profile a style that's mild and meanwhile
Put on trial a rap pile to exile
Make you tumble and stumble, in a rumble just crumble
And I'm still calm and humble
You need another helpin' hand to swing on
I stand alone, but still you gotta bring on
Your Batman and Robin, Cagney and Lacey
Starsky and Hutch, but they still can't face me
And if may make this one thing here clear
That's for you not to come near, period!
For I ain't buggin' or delirious
My swift tongue's like a sword, that's how severe it is
And I can slice and dice a Fisher-Price MC
That thought he was nice into Minute Rice
Single-handed, I ain't with that band stuff
'Cause Cee'll scratch a record like flakes of dandruff
And the mic I ravage, not like a savage
But in my own way of doin' damage
As I design the genuine line
Now, who flat top rules in '89?
You might also like
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!

Take two of the man with soul that you probably know
Deadly as Scarface, but bright as the Cosby Show
Don't attack rappers, but make everyone hush
They step to me, but can't stop the bum rush
I make material rich and imperial
The unique technique I speak is all original
You like to sag and drag and gag
Same old same old, but papa's got a brand new bag
So put the mic down, boy, you can't work it
Due to wack lyrics that's 'bout to short-circuit
So toss the sauce across to the boss
No remorse, you lost, with force I cause a holocaust
First I caught ya, then put ya through torture
You moved wrong, my son, so I taught ya
Just like a guardian, now put your body in
The mood to groove with the smooth way that I'm partyin'
Competition may find it spectacular
Scheme and fiend to take a bite like Dracula
And waste the taste, 'cause ain't no sugar here
So come near if you dare, you Booga Bear
You start hallucinatin' like magic
The wrath gets tragic, but Kane won't have it
'Cause you tried to juice me when you're bluffin'
Slowed the pace, so I had to start rushin'
So pick a B.C. date 'cause you're history
Here comes Kane, Scoob, Scrap, Jay, and Mister Cee
And this is one thing to us we ain't new to
The crew'll cast a spell on the crowd just like voodoo
I'm the man you can't hold back
And all competition appears to be weak
I meant to say wack, a vision of blur
Just to think of them competing, I say, "Huh!"
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!
Warm it up, Kane!

Genuine for '89, you know what I'm sayin'?
As I give a shout out to my man Tony A
Tony P, Sally Sal and the whole Libra Digital posse
Can't forget my man Yawnski
And Smooth the Barber, you know what I'm sayin'?
Also, I gotta say whassup to Born True, B-Boy
And my man big Jay-Z
The whole rest of the crew, Scoob Lover my brother
Scrap Lover, and DJ Mister Cee
Can't forget Supreme, Abu, MelQuan and Shabazz
Wally D, and the rest of the brothers
And of course my little brother, the Little Daddy Shane
Mandatory end to the story, you know what I'm sayin'?
Peace!7Embed
Come on y'all and feel the groove
Get on down and make your move
Welcome to the funkiest
Brooklyn style, laid out like this
Chorus

I kicks the flavor good, to represent the neighborhood
Where I come from, and that's the place of Brooklyn
Where the grimies are born and bred
And bullets are like eyeballs, two to the head

Well is it Brownsville? Time to represent for the map
Where the peeps smoke blunts and like to wear mad gold caps
The party addict about to explode
From the 1-1-2, the double-3 ill zip code

Parlayin on the corner, drinkin 40's shootin cee-lo
It's a Brooklyn thing, aight? You know our steelo
And for those who just don't know how it go
Play like a substitute teacher and ACT like you know
You might also like
So yo, who wanna set it? You better kick your best G
You and your whole entourage couldn't test me
I represent for the fo' main
And if you're not a Booty Bandit, then niggas can't hang
Chorus

Now, let's get straight down to the point
I represent for this Brooklyn joint, baby pah, where we're takin it to
Makin a few dollars don't mean you gotta forget
Where you come from and try to be someone, that you're really not
And front with what you got
You're gonna be looked at as a black man still so keep it real
What type of mission can I say you on?
Because you musta done changed to some Grey Poupon, heh
I'm really happy to see you blew up
But always remember my man you grew up
In the PJ's all your life, in a broken home
(Scoob: Well alright now)
Up in the PJ's all your life, keepin it strong, WHAT!
I be the Louis Ave livin, live long lastin lover
Bonafied black brother, word to the mother
Skilled at trades at hand with those who made
The man with support and always stayed a fan
My dialectic style is perfected
In ways you can't imagine rap bein accepted
Funk'll slam like a doper jam, pops
I'm takin mine like taxes with Uncle Sam
So check out the asiatic type of flow
Like water in the Nile, but it's Brooklyn style
Chorus

Yo, this is Big Scoob, no practice
I'm flippin on niggas like little kids on that mattress
You know my style, Baby Pah from the PJ's
My lyrics so dope, they too fat for local DJ's
So hear me out, no doubt, no need for screamin
My boys in the back, clockin your jewels, and they scheamin
Why did they step to me, I hit em, bow, bu-dow
Knocked out his fronts cause the kid was mad fragile
No need for beef chief I'm rollin mad deep
So pick up your teeth, I got him shakin like a leaf
Not tryin to scare you, I just wanna aware you
I bet you won't even look at my face (WHAT WHAT WHAT) I dare you
Yo nigga please, yo I'm nice with these
While you're guardin your grill, I'll be beatin up your kidneys
Me and my boys with the fat tec 9's
With my joint cocked back, in case a punk tried to take mines
Where I'm from there's no need for hesitation
We cock and squeeze, now where's the doctor for this patient?
He's drippin blood and now he's down to his last breath
But he won't make it, cause he knows that my joint is def
The ill, type of Brooklyn artist
Who rocks the har-dest, regard-less
Who you know and where you're from I pull your file
(How?) Brooklyn style
ChorusEmbed

Here we go, here we go on the smooth side
Let's take a ride in stride and I'm the guide
With the source, and of course
I don't wanna be the king or boss, I just wanna get my point across
'Cause it's time to organize and open your eyes
Realize, we on the rise
To the climax, time to take charge
Whoever said we can't live large?
To seek out fortune without distortion
And stop livin' for just a small portion
There is a move to make, we gotta take a chance to break
All chains become awake
Cause this is the new way, to be proud and brave
And I ain't goin' out like a slave
In eighty-nine, I'm livin' like a champ
Step out my face, talkin' 'bout a food stamp
Child please, put it at ease
Freeze, it's time to get paid in times like these
We can't take shorts or take a loss
So take it from the Kane and go for yours, because

There, comes a time, where we can't be in the rear
We gotta step up front, to get our share
Make the change, cause we're not inferior
For example, there was a black Ms. America
Let's start to do for ourself
We can't depend on no one else or the board of health
So hold your own or else you're gonna find
That if you play off of crime you go out like Aunt Jemima
We gotta put it in overdrive and strive to survive
To stay alive, that's the reason I've
Came to, motivate us to the length
Effort of strength makes you grow inch by inch
Takin' no mediums or small at all
We gotta walk not crawl or else take a fall
What used to be just hopes and thoughts
Are now in effect, and we can't take shorts, because
You might also like
Swing on that right there, pump it up, here we go
Uh-huh, uh-huh, pump it up, here we go
One more thing

Let's unite together, we can't sever never
No matter what or whatever
Because we need unity to find justice
Just I see equality so bust this
Take a stand and command to demand what's grand
I know we can if we just understand
The true way of livin' that was really meant for us
So one more time, kick the chorus!

Ah keep it goin y'all
A Prince Paul, rulin' em all y'all
A Prince Paul, schoolin' em all y'all
And Tony, Tony, Tony, Tony
And Tony Tone never leavin' the girls alone
Tony Tone never leavin' the girls alone
And you don't stop, and you don't stop
And you don't stop, and you don't stopEmbed
"You know daddy's home.."
Yeah baby! Get them sounds up Action
Alright L.G. baby make the track move one time
"You know daddy's home.."
Uh-huh, now dig this here right
Now I can remember one time I said
"It's eighty-eight, time to set em straight right?" (word up)
What we gotta do is see what we got in store for ninety-four
As I continue to give you more
"You know daddy's home.."
This is how we gonna try to bring it to you one time
Uhh, and I go, and I go
"You know daddy's home.."

Peace peace y'all, don't eat grease y'all, huh
A Brooklyn nigga representin the East y'all, come follow me now
I get down for my crown with new found wreck
And bring the noise like I'm comin to soundcheck
The stage is clear for me to rock it
So I snatch the mic like a Brooklyn nigga does a pocket
Clear the throat, to perform the art
To treat the stage like a movie ticket and rip it apart
Watch the crowd burst from lyrics that I say
To make the brothers get ill, and by the way Dukes
If that's your girl in the corner stay up on her
Cause I've been watchin her more, then a Korean store owner
(Whoo!) Mack man number one, you know how I move
You'd think that I'd be shavin my rhymes, cause they'd be so smooth
Mr. Wonderful and all of that gun to pull shit
That you be talkin nigga don't even run the bull
Cause if I roll on you kid, I do the body rude
Like the cops did on ummmmmm.. that Rodney dude
Peep it!
You might also likeChorus: repeat 4X (except last line 4th time)
"welcome to a new Terrordome
When I come to roam you know daddy's home.."
Watch out now!

Just like Sylvester it's still on, get it?
Still, on, fukkit, let's move along
I rip shop, in hip-hop, to sew it like a ziplock
To get props, in this spot, look at me at the tip-top
The kid got, to get hot, you thought that I would flip-flop
Or drop-drop, but ummmmmmmmmmmm.. I did not!
They say, "Kane you're old school out here!"
I said, "I guess I got left back, cause I ain't goin nowhere"
The Kane will remain in this domain
To reign again when I entertain
Cause when it comes to lyrics, I got plenty black
I'm so god damn dope, I sell rhymes in a twenty sack
The microphone pusher man but not drug related
Hip-Hop orientated, keepin you captivated
Mr. Cee cuts, I linger through em, Larry is singin to em
And oh me, I just bring it to em
Chorus *fades out*2Embed
Hit me, baby (That's right)
Uh, a-hurt me, baby (That's right), that-that-that-that funk
That-that-that (That's right), that-that
That-that's-that's that funkdafied-like funk (That's right)
That's that retarded-like (That's right) funk
Like you put your armpits on the drum machine (That's right), good God
Break me off some of that, come on (That's right)

Easy Mo, just let the beat rock from your sweet stock
To bounce the complete block, make everyone on the street flock
To this here rhythm, music'll hit 'em, get 'em, my lyrics'll fit 'em
When I get with 'em, they'll admit I'm smokin' like bags of ism
The way that I keep amazin' y''all, don't even know who you're facin', pa
The Kane has flipped more tracks than a racing car
The one who created it, many others imitated it
I heard your rap style, kid, I hated it
Let me show you how, look here, now check my style, what I spit out
It'll raise your brow, make you say wow, ba-da-bow-bow, come on now, let's get down
And sway this way when you hear the music play
Hip-hop hooray, this is what I want you to say, hey

I'm in love with Big Daddy Kane (Uh-huh)
He makes the party swing (Yes, sir)
He turns the mother out (Mhm)
And rips apart things (Then I go)
You might also like
Da-da-da, da-da
Yeah, I like the way it sound and I love the way it's goin' down
Da-da-da, da-da
You know I like the way it sound and I just love the way it's goin' down

Now, what's this BS you're sayin'?
And don't try to act like Martin now, with all that "I was just playin'"
No need to grief or mourn, 'cause now, the beef is on
Boom-bap, boo-bow-bow, kid, your teeth is gone
Just 'cause you rap, that don't mean that ya catchin' wreck with me
You step to this, I give your mic a vasectomy
I only know one person that can come next to me
No, that's a tattle, 'cause I can't count my own shadow
A battle? I gots to have it
Unless you're gonna rob me like they did Whittaker when he fought Chavez
'Cause tryin' to go against the Kane rappin'
Is like a pimp tryna pull a nun, ain't nothin' happenin'
Clear the way for the one champion, true Black don who begun gettin' the job done
Take a look, hon, back up, son, you know you can't get none
Come on, I'm on a whole 'nother level of rap
And it's like that, now show me where the party at, uh-huh

Da-da-da, da-da
Yeah, I like the way it sound and I love the way it's goin' down
Da-da-da, da-da
You know I like the way it sound and I love how it's goin' down
The B-I-G D-A-D-Y, no, back up and add another D
Then back to the K to the A to the N to the E
Live from New York, the one and only
I give it to you raw for my homies, uh, and to the ladies
I take 'em lookin' somethin' fine and don't mind
If we bump and grind, if you're with me, jump in line, because
If in my wallet I can find one prophylactic
Then you better believe, girl, that you gonna get your ass dicked
Hard type of rappers extinct like a dinosaur
The kind you saw the rhyme before, but now you never find no more
Steppin' to the Kane with some drama to be startin'
Because I put 'em all on ice like Tonya Harding
Back up, boy, I got the whole convoy
Rollin' with me on a mission that's to seek and destroy
So, to all the people that's been tryin' to talk about me
You better change your name to 5000, 'cause you're Audi
And if you bring on your crew, I'm steppin' to them too
Just put the beat on and watch how I swim through the groove
With more style than a backstroke
Drivin' past my competition like cab drivers do Black folks
That's the way I move, I always stay the smooth
Operator with data watin' for you to play a groove
To turn it out without a doubt and show what I'm about
Good lookin, Brooklyn, yeah, we in the house, shamon
Da-da-da, da-da
Yeah, I like the way it sound and I love the way it's goin' down
Da-da-da, da-da
You know I like the way it sound and I just love the way it's goin' down

That's right
That's right
That's rightEmbed
 "For all of y'all.."
 Check it out, check
Aiyyo, we gonna send out to all the projects out there
 "For all of y'all.."
 Yknahmsayin? Like Roosevelt Projects, Marcy Projects
We gon' send it to Fort Greene, L.G
 "For all of y'all.."
 Better yet, all the projects in Brook', no
All the projects on the East Coast
 "For all of y'all.."
 Now when we come to Church Street South
Yknahmsayin? Canal Street there in Durham, North Carolina
 "For all of y'all.."
 Streets of Crooklyn, and all the great streets
Everyone everywhere! Sounds like everywhere around the universe
 "For all of y'all.."
 Yknahmsayin? All the projects, yknahmsayin?
We sendin this out to everybody, this one here
 "For all of y'all.."
 Now do you understand me?
We gonna set it off one time, dig the flavor y'all
 "For all of y'all.."
 Ha hah hah!

Livin in the world of ghetto life
Shot with the gun, get you cut with the knife
That's the story yo, the way the peeps like to move
No fakin the funk, it's all about how to show and prove
Some get to make it through life livin legal
The others gotta try to survive, doin the evil
That men do, peace to every hood that I been through
I even got love for my homies in South Central
But to the East my brother, cause that's where I stay at
Runnin through the streets like a stray cat
Like that Good Times show it makes me go
Hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm, hmmmmmmmmmm, hmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm
Up in the projects, it gets no ILLER
With true gue-RILLAS, and stone cold KILLERS
It seems that every night, you get to hear the fireworks
As much as I hate, to see my people die or hurt
It's just a street mentality, a reality
Neighborhood warfare, that brings home casualties
And just because I moved out the residence
It don't mean that I can't represent
You might also likeChorus: Kane + "Yeah! Yeah!" -] chanted in back throughout
So to my peeps in the PJ's, throw your hands in the air
 "For all of y'all.."
Let me know you're out there
To my peeps in the PJ's, throw your hands in the air
 "For all of y'all.."
Let me know you're out there
And to my peeps in the PJ's, throw your hands in the air
 "For all of y'all.."
And let me know you're out there
Ah to my peeps in the PJ's, throw your hands in the air
 "For all of y'all.."
And let me know you're out there

I'm runnin mob deep around the way
It's me and the crew, we're tryin to map out the day
Yo what's the haps on how we gettin snaps?
Are we gonna shoot some cee-lo, or play a game of craps?
Matter fact, Shane, ring the intercom
And see if you can get ten dollars from my moms
Tell her to throw it out the window if she got it to spare
Cause the elevator's broke, and I ain't checkin for the stairs
And do me a solid, run to the store shorty
And pick me up some Olde E, but not a 40
Just a two-two of brew will do, so I can knock it out fast
To make the coldness last
And while you at man see where'd your friend go (word)
He shoulda been back a HOUR ago with the indo (yeah)

And meet us in the back park to get sparked
So I can be toasted by time it gets dark
Aiyyo Jay, I see that bulge in the back of your jeans
Hope that's the God U Now, know what I mean?
Cause if somebody brings the noise, I'mma make it a silent movie
So take the safety off the toolie
Cause I don't want no beef, NAHHHHH BABY
The only thing I wanna do is PARRRRRRLAY
Peace and harmony is what I relate to
But damn man, drama's just in the nature
Chorus

I send this out to the homies in the hood
That stood by my side, to help a brother do good
Just like SWV you was Right Here
Yeah yeah yeah yeah yeah we in there
From all thugs that flex with all the muscle
Down to the brothers, that got a swift hustle
Like good golly Miss Three Card Molly, a neat trick
Where people get beat quick
Wanna see a sweet vic?
Jackety Jack, blackety black
You get nuttin back, and that's a fact
The sweetest game I ever seen
All you gotta do is find the red queen
Just point to it, can anybody point to it?
I play by the point of the finger of the hand
"The one in the middle! The one in the middle!"
That's black, you get no money back!
(Kane: Aww man! See, I told you!)2Embed
So out of the mercy of Allah
And the law, written in our nature
We call an individual into existence
And when that individual come
I make no apologies for what I'm about to say

Rough, rugged and real, you're on standstill
To obey okay so let the man build
Words of rapture that you have to capture
And I just slapped ya
With the hand full of literature
That's dope def fresh hype choice smooth and raw
Rappers I replace, rub out and erase
Competition you must be on freebase
Smoking or choking, bound to be broken
Man, get your damn hands off the mic that I'm choking!
'Cause I got a stranglehold
Youre still cold on parole for the role you stole
Rhymes that you yell out, but you did sell out
Crossed-over, lost over here, now get the hell out
I'm not a pop star, rock'n'roller
I'm a rebel, blessed, able to hold a
Mic like a hammer and drop grammar
Treat a rapper like a wrestler and body slam him
Those who dispute get treated just like a prostitute
They get the boot and played like a flute
So just play mute, don't even whisper
Open your mouth to speak and I'm diss ya
Ragtag and dog, put you in the morgue
Because you're petty confetti and not ready to Rock Steady
In other words you're Half-Steppin'
Tiptoeing, get going because my weapon
Is not a nine, an Uzi or a shotgun
But when it come to hype rhymes I got one
Just like the album is still the same
Long Live the Kane, ain't a damn thing changed
I still get ill and kill at will and build the skill
To fill your grill so don't tell me you're real
We sample beats, you sue and try to fight us
*tchk* Man, you still be home with arthritis
If we didn't revive 'em, bring back alive
Old beats that we appreciated, you wouldn't survive
You'd be another memory to us
Ashes to ashes and dust to dust
So understand, the way that I live
That's positive and the message I got to give
It's a benefit for you and me
I'm talking bout P.E.A.C.E
The chosen one that has turned a new leaf
I got gold teeth, and they don't chew beef
No pork on my fork, strictly fish on my dish
The Kane falling victim? *tchk* Sucker, you wish
I flow like water, slaughter
Put you out of order, floored ya!
Rappers are ragging and tagging and snagging and bragging
To be on the bandwagon, but I'm the Last Dragon
With the knack to attract the pack
So just get back, I'm Young, Gifted and Black
You might also like
And just go with the flow you know
In the place to be with my man Marley Marl
Sending this out to Divine Force
Can't forget my main man Heavy D
And to my good brothers EPMD
And to my man Ice-T over on the West Coast
Can't forget Kool Moe Dee, Busy Bee, MC Lyte, the Audio Two
I say, "Peace!"6Embed
Hey yo, drop it like it's hot, Kane, drop it like it's hot
Yo, pick up the microphone and gimme what you got
{Big Daddy Kane:}
Hey yo, drop it like it's hot, Scoob, drop it like it's hot
Pick up your microphone, it's time to rock the spot
(x2)
(Oh my god, tell me, is it really him?
The legendary lyricist makin matters grim?)
Because when I start to flow the results are so deadly
Rappers start shakin like the legs on Elvis Presley
Sayin (It's him, the great) that's how I intimidate
But I just came to get my shit off, so I give them a break
And pickin up the microphone after I left
Is like givin mouth-to-mouth to a corpse, a waste of breath
In other words, I don't leave no remains for you
(Forget the men, that's the evil that Kane'll do)
I bring it raw, G, too hardcore, G
The only way you could fuck with me is in a orgy
The magnificient, none can come swifter than
Cool as the Fonz, but my skin color is different
We got the milk and honey
My rhymes are just like Abraham Lincoln's face (on the money)
Makin me freshest on the land, but let's not forget
That if I rapped under water they'd be Aquafresh
The best, oh yes, I guess... (wait, wait, wait, wait, wait
- You said that shit in '88)
Oh, I originate and create the great to dictate
And regulate chumps and set em straight
I get my point across because the boss is truly yours
The source to the force, so put it on pause
The one that assures applause, never took a loss
Stronger than some Olde E quarts to a can of Coors
In other words it's hazardous to your health
So don't do it to yourself
You might also like
Don't do it to yourself, don't do it
Yo, you better not do it, you better not
(x2)
(Stop right there, you better freeze, cease
Don't make me put my Timberland boot to your grill piece
Big Scoob from Brooklyn comin through, don't start me
Don't make me turn your jam into a tec-9 party)
Hey yo, what in the world would ever possess you
To think that you could touch me
Or even try to come above me
Or even think that you could flow this lovely?
Nobody, and I mean nobody on this whole planet can stand it
I rip it apart, and flip up the art cause I'm the best, damn it
I crush rappers for the hell of it, defeat, I never tell of it
So anything else you heard is irrelevant
(You're not on the level) man, you're not even close to me
(Step to the Kane) and get bagged just like grocery
So spare yourself the misfortune and proceed with caution
Cause I don't just burn rappers, I torch em
With a skilled-out style that's mad diesel
And I got hemorrhoids from shittin on so many people
I crush those who oppose with blows to your nose
When it comes to my crew (that's the way love goes)
The Chocolate City for Black Cesar Incorporated
(And all of the soft get faded)
So before you step to me use your head
And you better think about it more than Special Ed
Cause trust me, kid, it ain't like goin against anyone else
I'm tellin you, don't do it to yourself
Embed
Do you know, what you're goin through?
Do you like this style of rap that I'm showin you?
The way I flow for you.. do you know?

Yeah baby c'mon
Ah baby baby c'mon, check the rhyme to the song
Uhh, aw yeah baby c'mon
Ah baby baby c'mon, and check the rhyme to the song
One double nine to the four, gotta keep 'em on the floor
And put some real lyrics back in the hardcore
What I'm used to hearin', I can't believe it's gone
But now just like a grill inside Burger King, the beef is on
When I come, rappers begin to speak in degrees
I even make Sisters With Voices weak in the knees
So run for your lives, Kane with the pen
Is like Freddy with the glove full of knives
Who wanna test these skills, come see how it feels
I pull you one verse, if that don't kill I got refills
You can't do me none, kid you gets nothin'
If my rhymes was in Braille, you still couldn't touch em
Man, I'm a bad cat, my style of rap is mad fat
And you know, sometimes it's so sad that
Rappers today be comin' as the gangster rhyme type
And be so soft, they wouldn't even kill time right
Here's the news, you lettin' the word hardcore be misused
You ain't never paid dues
Be for real, you ain't tough yet
The razor bumps on your throat is the only thing makin' you a ruffneck
Your whole image is a dammmmn sham
I'm glad in this business I didn't forget who I am
I always remain the Kane inside a battle
Never to walk in anyone's shadow
I do my own thing, I do a thing of my own
And with my competition I let it be known
That battles I don't lose none, boy you get bruised son
Six million ways to die -- choose one!
My rap style is like a poisonous vemon
We might as well be havin' sex, the way that I put it in 'em
And do I crush MCs? are you kiddin me?
If rappers were grapes, I'd have a whole wine distillery
So, I bring it to your face, with the bass, then I blow
A rapper off the map, with the rap, when I flow
Then hit you with the skill that is ill, and I know
That all of this is good to go, 'cause yo
That's the way the flavor always come
The rhymes they flow accordin' to the drum
The Brooklyn style cause that is where I'm from
You want the funk so let me give you some
I flip on the flow on the track, just like that
Amazin' the people the style of the rappin', is quite fat
I'm lickin' the lyrics and shootin' the gat, on the mic, black
And this is for all of the rappers that like, and they bite that
The Smooth Operator is mellow with the saxophone
Settin' the tone that make the girls relax and moan
'Cause all the ladies I'm givin' 'em lots of love
Hittin' more skins than a boxing glove, good God
The girls treat me like the drummer and give me some
From tall to short to thick, even the slimmy ones
Watch out Goldie! Gimme a forty ounce of Olde E
And none of you players can control me
You get the chance to see a true mack man
With skills to pay the bills, to make more stacks than
Taller than anybody else's stacks it seem
Cause the Kane get more paper than a fax machine
The unforgettable, rhymes are too poetical
Keep rappers in order more than letters put alphabetical
And I hope the record consumers don't believe the magazine rumors
'Cause Kane is makin' a comeback, like Pumas
I get rough G, and set it on your whole damn company
And Bogart, like my name was Humphrey
When I get through, there'll be no more of them
As many rappers I burnt, I should open a crematorium
I make mad MC's give me my P's
If you try to disrespect, kid you can get these
N.U.T.s, like the U.N.V.s
I leave you down on your knees, down on your knee-hees!
Razor sharp, many ways of art
Source rings the chart, people praise the God
For kickin' the flows so fantastic and this one here
We're callin' it Lyrical Gymnastics
You might also likeUhh, so baby baby c'mon
Aw yeah baby c'mon, and check the rhymes to the song
Uhh, ah baby baby c'mon
Suki suki c'mon, and I'm gone!2Embed
This is how we gonna get it off baby
Now dig the flavor, ohhhhhhh yeah
I got the Mister Cee in the place to be
Of course, I be the Big Daddy Kane, here to entertain
I got Ax-el, ready to max well
Yessir, we gon' get busy one time for ya dig it right?
We gonna call this 3 Forties and a Bottle of Moet
Why? Cause I drunk 3 Forties and a Bottle of Moet
Plain and simple, but this is how it's gonna go for ya
Mister Cee, yo
It goes a-one, two, three..
Some people call me Kane some people call me Big Daddy
My momma's name is Ruth and my pops is Clay Bradley
I got a little brother, some of y'all may just know him
I would say his name, but we ain't speakin at the moment
I walk through the streets of New York everyday
I hang with rappers like Doug E. Fresh and Cool J
I hang with Tone Loc and Don Cheadle in L.A., plus
I Got a Man, you know the Positive K
I get blasted with the Ol' Dirty Bastard
So peace to the RZA, the GZA
And to the rest of the Wu-Tang niggas
My man Shyhiem with the gangsta lean, da cream
To rise to the top, and you don't stop
And Mister Cee, is in the place to be
And Mister Cee, is in the place to be
Oh Mister Cee is in the place to be
And missjones in the house most definitely
Ax-el, ready to max well
Ax-el, ready to max well
The B to the I to the like to the G
Rockin on to the break of D
As I keep it strong I won't steer you wrong
I'm tired of this, let's go on to the next songYou might also likeEmbed

Now I'm a family man that works hard for the money
With the sweetest wife ever, I love you honey
I buy her everything, if it takes my last dollar
Even her nails and her hair to be done at the beauty parlor
We spend ample time together, doin' dinner and a movie
And whatever else sounds groovy
And when we want real excitement and drama
Word to momma, w walk around in our pajamas in the Bahamas
I love her and I need her and I never ever cheat her
I'm far too caring to be considered a woman beater
My style is gentle, romantic and friendly
Nothin' like the husband from "Sleeping With the Enemy"
I thought that she was in love with me
I used to think that she couldn't get enough of me
But lately things been seemin' strange
And you've changed

Somebody's been sleeping in my bed
Somebody's been sleeping in my bed

Now I've heard of traffic but I've never heard of when
You get off at five and don't make it home til ten
Another thing that I can't comprehend
Matchbox and pens from the Holiday Inn
And every night that I had to work late
I come home to see that the bathroom ain't straight
I look at the toilet bowl and wonder whassup
Because I know damn well that she don't piss with the seat up
And lookin' at the underwear in the room
Now I wear silk drawers, whose Fruit of the Looms?
Another thing that's quite bizarre
My bathrobe smelled like Brut, but I use Drakkar
Now I'm seein' that she's treatin' me crummy
Also, she must take me for some dummy
Because she'll lay in bed and say, "Come on in"
But them ain't the same bed sheets from this morning
Now yeah my dear have you been busted
But I still feel like P.E., "Can't Truss It"
You need another lover like you need a hole in your head
And you might get that, you cheesy rat
Cause thinkin' about the cost of a divorce
I feel like Johnnie Taylor, it's cheaper to keep her
Cheatin' on me, what's the reason why?
I hope you die
You might also like
Somebody's been sleeping in my bed
Somebody's been sleeping in my bed

You done hurt me, broke my heart
And played me for your fool
Now here's my chance to get back at you
And I'm gonna blow my cool

All day long
I'm just singin' a somebody done somebody wrong song
I'm tryin' to see how far can this kid go
Before our relationship ends up on skid row
Why should I try to stay attached to her
When I'm probably better anywhere as a bachelor
So go 'head girl with that game you're talkin'
And since you look like CeCe Peniston, "Keep On Walkin'"
Your your your cheatin' heart, you're tryin' to rip mine apart
Ugh, I wish I'd seen it from the start
Cause now you're caught in what you thought was a fort
Took a short, so I'll see you in court

Somebody's been sleeping in my bed
Somebody's been sleeping in my bed
I hate my wife
I wear my wedding ring on the finger
Cause I married the WRONG GOD DAMN woman

I leave homegirl ?
And come back home, college feet be onEmbed
No Daddy, tell them how you beat down that bootlegger
Daddy Daddy tell us a story!

Heh heh, alright, alright, alright y'all OK
Come on y'all, crowd around Daddy now OK? C'mon
Y'all just sit there and listen
I'mma tell you about the MC
And I'mma tell you about the bootlegger, OK?
Here we go children

It happened at a jam, some kid tried to sham on the program
So I had to silence the lamb and show him who I am
So I just set it off on my competitor
Freakin the funk as I hit em with crazy metaphors
Like back up off me Dukes, because you're trippin
You better dry your cranium off, cause your brain is slippin
You beatin me is somethin that I doubt
The only way you could bake Kane is workin in a crackhouse
No man alive can withstand the Kane flow
I kick so much flavor that my shoes look like a rainbow
You need a whole lot of practice, you thought that you was
On the money so I took you out like taxes!
Now you can Flea Off, releasin me G, easy be
To keep the great MC
Then I throw em I lean and mean record to spark
So I can school that ass just like Joe Clark
Next I translated, my rap is more educated
And made it complicated for him to illustrate it
My dexterity, put him in fear of me
And had his mind bewildered by everything he was hearin see
That was enough to slow his whole train of thought down
So I just speeded the pace up more than enough for him to come around
I triple the words, when makin the rhymes, whatever the rhythm
Puttin his mind in a prison
And oh yeah, that's how I did em
You might also likeThat's how I did em (HUH) that's how I did em (HAH)
That's how I did em (HUH) that's how I did em (HAH)
That's how I did em (HUH) that's how I did em (HAH)
That's how I did em (HEYYYYYYYY)

I was out flex, lookin cold sex in a Lex'
Sippin on a Beck's, pumpin the remix of Das EFX
Drive down 125th with my man
And what did I see, bein sold at the stand?
A bunch of bootleg tapes that he had claim on it
So I snatched everything with my name on it
And give me that Kool G. Rap tape, and give me that Ice Cube
And all the Wu-Tang joints, cause they're my boys too
A man tryin to make a livin, I can't knock it
But now you tried to take money out of my pocket
Word to Miz, what the problem is, is that the kids
Didn't buy it from The Wiz, they bought your shaky fibs so
Now it's time to move him off the block
Pass me the Glock cause I might make a body rock
And I'll break down sixteen shots
That's One + Eight + Seven on a undercover
Bootlegger, you're worse than a beggar
Makin a fake profit, stop it
Cause I work hard for the money, to make cash flow
To have another come along and take my dough
Nooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
So I just told my man, aiyyo
Throw the tapes in the Lexus
Then we burned his whole stand down just like Waco, Texas
And then I jumped on the brother, with rage
Crushed his ribcage, damn did he get slayed
Cause I don't think he even know whatever hit him
Bootleggers beware, cause yeah I did em
That's how I did em (HUH) that's how I did em (HAH)
That's how I did em (HUH) that's how I did em (HAH)
That's how I did em (HUH) that's how I did em (HAH)
That's how I did em (HEYYYYYYYY)

Give it your best shot, bring it with all you got
And watch the bombs I drop just rock your knot
Cause it ain't wise to address me
I wouldn't advise a schoolteacher to test me
Cause I don't just do em, I run through em
And I don't just hurt, uh uh, I body work em
Lyrical torture, never could support ya
For steppin to me, agony is what it brought ya
Cause you never seen this type of lyrical genius
That could never be touched, and I mean this
So one love, I'mma leave you with the rhythm
Ain't no need to go off, cause yo hon know I did em
That's how I did em (HUH) that's how I did em (HAH)
That's how I did em (HUH) that's how I did em (HAH)
That's how I did em (HUH) that's how I did em (HAH)
That's how I did em (HEYYYYYYYY)Embed
The definition of sex varies with many people
In search of a few ways to define it
We asked actor/comedian Mr. Dolemite his definition of sex
And his response was..

Baby, sex is just like puttin money in the bank
Once you take it out, the interest is all gone

Then we asked rap star Big Daddy Kane his definition of sex
And well  according to the Prince of Darkness..

Here comes Kane the mack, the sex maniac
Bring on the honeys and you can't restrain me back from ff...
Nah I better not say the whole word
So uhh, let's just say we'll make Whoopi like Goldberg
Cause I wanna make you sweat, get you wet
Perform a miracle in this love duet, see baby
I play the game like Keno, plus I know the
Scent of a Woman better than Al Pacino
And when it comes to girls, I show no mercy
They lick me on the chest and say, 'To hell with Hershey'
Now it's time for me to lick that body
And this is no Ordinary Love, ask Sade
Baby you're bound to perspire, when I use
The nipples on your breasts just like a pacifier
Honey please, keep your body at ease
And let me see what I can do with those 34 C's
I plan to lick your bellybutton my dear
And let my tongue walk five steps downstairs
The way that I plan to put this chocolate syrup to use
I'm gonna wake up in the mornin with a hairy sweettooth
And now you're under my spell like a magician
Abra-cadabra, good sex and I have ya
Laid out, waitin for a big treat
I'm not the Ku Klux Klan but I stay under sheets
And when it comes to sex, yo I'm the illest
Plus I know more Diff'rent Strokes than Arnold and Willis
I make you feel the reel to reel you feel
When I break the headboard down like Shaquille
Then bend over doggy style and just watch me
Ride yo' black ass like I was still filmin Posse
Then I'm the one that gets the job done
My mattress have more bodies than Al Capone's, gun
When I get through givin you mine, uhh
Girls be callin me back like star-69
So come on over here hottie, let me just
'work that body, work that body'
You might also likeUh-huh, uh-huh..
Straight like that..
Aiyyo
How many real niggas out there like to have sex
C'mon, just ??catch some wreck??
I said how many real niggas out there like to have sex
C'mon, just ??catch some wreck??
And say SEX (SEX!)
Say AND MORE SEX (AND MORE SEX!)
Say I LIKE IT (I LIKE IT)
And say I LOVE IT (I LOVE IT)
Say I NEED IT (I NEED IT)
Say I EAT IT (I EAT IT.. WHOAHHH SHIT)
Yeah
Well keep it on baby baby, keep it on and ah
Ah keep it on baby baby, keep it on and ah uh
Keep it on baby baby, keep it on and ah
Keep it on baby baby, keep it on1Embed
Yo, on the M-I-C right about now
I go by the name of Big Daddy Kane
I got my man Scoob Lover on the side of me
DJ Mister Cee on the wheels of steel
Dre on the film and Marley on the boards
We gon' do a little something like this

Some like it hard and some like it soft
Yo, bust the groove as I set it off
But wait a minute
Yo, Scoob, what's up?
Pardon me a moment as I interrupt
For what?
For this
You like the stylish clothes we wear
And you like our flat-top style of hair
It's just those bugged-out things we do
That make the girlies wanna stare
Like when we're chillin' with the crew
Or drinkin' that Olde English brew
Straight from the bottle, not the cup
And it gets us more than just fucked up
And I like it, y'all (And I like it, y'all)
Like it, y'all (Like it, y'all)
Scoob Lover, won't you hype it, y'all?
You might also like
Well, I'm the S-C double-O-B L-O-V-E-R, uh
Ladies, come to me, I'll be your midnight horror
Need a flattop? Come to Scoob, I'm the barber
Of Da Ville
And that's right
Try to step to us, watch what you get
'Cause me and Big Daddy's not havin' it
Well, it's the Big Daddy, so all hail
Save your wack rhymes, hold your female
Pass the Old Gold, trash the ale
Cash your food stamps, get the WIC out the mail
Love to eat shrimps, but I never eat snail
Eat a whole fish except for the tail
Keep food in the fridge so it don't get stale
And when there's nothing to eat, I bite my nails
So Scoob Lover, you know your rhymes are kickin'
Get on the mic 'cause you know you eat chicken
Now, now, now, I'ma place a order for a Scooby snack
Not at the Chinese restaurant because I don't eat cats
Now, who in the world can ever eat these?
When I'm at home, I chow down with ease
And say, "More beef sausage, mom, please?"
That's right, mama dukes, she feeds me swell
Coffee on the table, orange juice as well
Some of the things I say are outspoken
Guaranteed to have you chokin'
Bitin' MCs are the ones I'm yokin'
Kane, I'm outta here, I guess I'll use my token
I'll walk through the gate if the turnstile's broken
Big Daddy, if you're down with me
Get on the mic on the count of three
One, two, three
Now, I'm a Black brother that's out to succeed
So step aside as I take the lead
Sexy young ladies of a light-skinned breed
You got, you got, you got what I need
Outstanding, kind, cool, and loyal
Drove all the way to Maaco just to change my oil
'Cause I'm the only child, you might think I'm spoiled
Touch the young ladies, make their blood pressure boil
I got the, hmm, hiccups, excuse me, sorry
Score a hundred G's every time I play Atari
Put a hole in the Old Gold, blast the Bacardi
On the dance floor, hype moves I be freakin'
Makin' new steps up every single weekend
Not Abbott and Costello or Laurel and Hardy
I'm only here to party
Yo, check it out, check it out
Turn the music down
Turn the music down
Turn the music down
Here we go, here we go

We gonna end it like this in the place, y'all
It's like this, y'all, and you don't stop
Now, the name Kane is superior to many people
It means King Asiatic Nobody's Equal
I hate to brag, but damn, I'm good
And if mics were my gun, I'd be Clint Eastwood
And if rap was a game, I'd be MVP
Most valuable poet on the M-I-C
And if rap was a school, I'd be the principal
Aw, fuck it, the Kane is invincible
To be specific, I may die one day
But my rhymes will remain like a hieroglyphic
It's a certain special skill that takes much practice
I got it good, apparently you lack this
So in turn, sit back and learn
Listen close, this is for your own concern
Let me show ya exactly how it's properly done
Lights, camera, action3Embed
People people, we gotta get over
Before we go under, and I wonder
Why we can't find a little piece of mankind
Instead of always step back, gimme my damn nine
Livin the thug, like the shoot up the drug type
They love to hear the people sayin, "Yo that kid is bugged right?"
Just a game, so please, out here men die
The average black man today don't make it to see twenty-five
Cause someone else got the clock rocked
Tryin to get the neighborhood locked, to be the new man on the block
But if you asked me who's the man I'm like, "You tell me?
I don't know, Ed Lover, Dr. Dre and Heavy D?"
I got my mind on comin up, if not in first place
Then damnit I plan to be the first runner up
But it seems, I got a lot of problems under my belt
And everday I gotta ask myself

Ah what's goin on, in our society
What's goin on, in a de country
What's goin on, in your community
What's goin on, tell me
 - can't translate
You might also like
I seen a kid freshly dipped with mad gold
Fifteen years old, with plenty drugs bein sold
But then somebody caught him for his Air Jordans
His drugs the cash and the jewels he was sportin
You wanna call your girl a B-I-T-C-H
You can't appreciate so now she's humpin your man, then she ain't
Cause when you teach her that ho mentality
They accept that as reality and give all your friends the skin
You need to show some love for your people
All men are created equal, that's why with everybody I always
Spread love, and keep my pockets full of dol-dollars
But check it out now
We're not the uncivilized, the Kane?
So let's get it together, man we did it when we were slaves
Instead of always tryin to blame someone else
Take a look around, and ask yourself

Ah what's goin on, in your community
What's goin on, in a dis country
What's goin on, in our society
What's goin on, whoahhhh
 - can't translate
Nowadays it's all about provin you ain't nuttin soft
And everybody's always talkin about bustin off
But that ain't where we gotta go, kid we can throw
And handle this thing like Holyfield and blow
Then when we get it off our chest, let's put it to rest
And try to make some money progress
Because if I got a dollar, and you got ten
And you can get a hundred from a friend if five others kick in
Shoot, we can take that stack and put it back
In a community that's black, to make our people attract
Like somethin magnetic, cause word is bond it's pathetic
We always talkin about this piece of the pie
But it seems we can't get it
Unless we field the life of a drug dealer
And start sellin yayo but you know where they go
Up to the penile, because they chose to be wild
And now you're upstate kid, uh, waitin patiently to see trial
Now let that whole gangsta route slide
There's too much money and skins here on the outside
For me to ever let my freedom go
Cause I got mine, now get yous, and let me know

Ah what's goin on, in our society
What's goin on, when you nah haf no money
What's goin on, people on the street
Whoahhh, why is it so..
 - can't translateEmbed
Who is the man with the master plan?
DJ Mister Cee
Who is the man with the master plan?
He goes by the name of the Big Daddy Kane
Then it goes a little something like this
Yes, here we go, on with the show
As the rhythm of this starts to flow
No matter the tempo, fast or slow
Get up and dance 'cause the Kane said so
This is the dance floor groove of the album
Presented to you all live from Calvin
Whoops, I meant to say Mister Cee
The disc jockey down with me
The microphone lord, my wisdom is a sword
Try to get with us, and get floored
Some DJ's try to front, but yo don't let them fool you
'Cause wine is fine, but Calvin is cooler
Jump up and down, and eh, and all around and
Check out the way that my DJ is sounding
On the turntables to keep the crowd stable
Killing the cuts putting bodies on a record label
And just for the symphony
Here comes the M.I.S.T.E.R.C.E.E
Taking a stand like a band
Mister Cee got a master plan
Hit it
You might also likeWho is the man with the master plan?
DJ Mister Cee on the mix
Who is the man with the master plan?
DJ Mister Cee on the mix
Who is the man with the master plan?
DJ Mister Cee on the mix
Who is the man with the master plan?
DJ Mister Cee on the mix
Woo, yeah, warm it up, Cee, uh
C'mon now, make it happen, make it happen
Go hit me one more time, c'mon Cee warm it up
Yeah, that sounds funky
I, I mean like extra crazy stupid def
Hit some of them transformers hops
Again, again, again
Uh, uh, uh
Now, yo, tell yourself a song
Getting ready to (Play it), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Getting ready to (Let go), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Getting ready to (Feel it), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Getting ready to (Come out), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Getting ready to (Clap to this), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Getting ready to (Move your body), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Getting ready to (Get fresh), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Getting ready to (Go, go, go), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Getting ready to (I'll do it), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Getting ready to (Do it again), oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Getting ready to (Hit me) oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
Getting ready to (Hm, drop)
Big Daddy, Big Daddy, Big Daddy Kane in the house
Big Daddy, Big Daddy, Big Daddy
Huh-huh, huh-huh, huh-huh
My man, my mellow
Who is the man with the master plan?
DJ Mister Cee on the mix
Who is the man with the master plan?
DJ Mister Cee on the mix
Who is the man with the master plan?
DJ Mister Cee on the mix
Who is the man with the master plan?
DJ Mister Cee on the mix
Oh Mister Cee, oh Mister Cee, oh Mister Cee, oh Mister Cee,ee, oh Mister Cee, oh Mister Cee, oh Mister Cee
Oh Mister Cee, oh Mister Cee, oh Mister Cee, oh Mister Cee,ee, oh Mister Cee, oh Mister Cee, oh Mister Cee
Now, just to let you know
I go by the name of Big Daddy Kane
I got my DJ Mister Cee in the place to be
Also the engineer all-star Marley Marl
Now yo, cut, won't you do me a favor?
And tell these party people where you from
LG, LG, LG, LG
Rock on, rock on, rock on, rock on
Now, since we on the tip of our neighborhood
Won't you tell them where I'm from?
Lewis (Avenue)
Lewis (Avenue)
Lewis (Avenue)
Lewis (Avenue)
Okay, now I got a brother by the name of Mad Money Merc
Now he come from NA Rock
I got two dancers, Scoob Lover, Scrap Lover
They come from the place known as Brownsville
My barber name is Smooth, he come from Whitecourt
Also, we got the engineer all-star Marley Marl in the place to be
And he come from the area known as the Bridge
Now yo
Yo, hold up Kane
You done said all your names on your record
It's time to say names on my record now
Yo, I want to say what's up to my man ATL
My man Shack Money
My man Shep Love and the entire LG Posse
I wanna say what's up to my man Moose Love
My man Nut, Sambo, Heado, the TCF dancers
Yo, I want to say what's up to Dawn
I want to say what's up to Nicola
My man Rhythm Shawn, Shimsho, Yam Love
Spike D, Willie D, NA Rock, Chicago, yo
Yo, I can't hold it back
Later for it, yo
What's up?
To the whole
Nigga dissed me2Embed
Grab a hold of yourself, open your eyes
Get wise to the exercise
Being taught by the teacher that's most dominant
You need knowledge? Well, I'm dropping it
Listen to the rap, allow it to trap
Your body and soul so that you can adapt
To the man on display as I take you away
So may I? Yes, you may
Proud to be a Black man coming exact and
Giving up to brothers, five on the backhand
Pray for lease and peace upon each other
With my sisters and brothers (Yo, word to the mother)
I say the mother as in the motherland
But on the other hand, another man
Tackled and shackled our ancestors
But we beat him with freedom, so let's bless the
Country that we all came from
Because the moral of it all is we shall overcome
The cream will keep rising, we be sizing
Up, the Asiatic one is enterprising
Building and building to carry on
All the way from Malcolm X to Farrakhan
Martin Luther was a tutor, many were pupils
Those who fell victim were those without scruples
However, to sever, we could never
So hold up the peace sign and stand together
Take heed to the words that I manifest
And when I'm through speaking, Marley Marl'll do the rest
You might also like
People, people
We gotta get over
Before we go under
People, people
We gotta get over
Before we go under
Let's get together
Let's get together
Yo, Big Daddy, what you gon' say now?

Take a stand, the fight for power
'Cause we've been here before the Mayflower
Living superior, abiding by nature
The history of the Asiatic one paid the
Price to be paid in slavery
Like the name of Antonio was gave to me
But knowledge of self broke every shackle and chain
Now I declare myself as the Big Daddy Kane
The teacher teaching a lesson to be heard
That's word to the mother, my brother
So discover the truth of one another
'Cause here's the real deal upon our skin color
Lay down white, yellow, red, or pink
But the color of black is most dominant
The rising and sizing can never cease
(What you gon' say now?) Peace
The mother of all living things and the Black man
Is the original man, we just can't escape our destiny
(Word to the mother)
The mother of all living things and the Black man
Is the original man, we just can't escape our destiny
(Word to the mother)
I thank Allah for allowing me to teach this subject today1Embed
Talk about ever meeting Ms. Right
Well, one thing I know is this girl is hype
Not a crab I see, but such a lovely female
And if looks could kill, she would be in jail
For raving all over with exotic beauty
And to captivate her love is my only duty
There's not a single feature that this girl lacks
Sweetheart, you're my aphrodisiac

You've got me waiting for you day by day
Fantasies of you has got me drifting away
And I know, a love like yours would be so hard to find
So, I'll just keep on waiting for the day you're mine

Now I've talked to young girls and sophisticated ladies
But I swear my dear, none appear on your level baby
Maybe, it's just me imagining
Then again, I probably just haven't been
With the right female and in detail
I'll probably never will be, girl if we fail
'Cause every time I appear to be pleased
You know what happens?
I just get skeezed
You might also like
Baby, I'm waiting for you day by day
Fantasies of you has got me drifting away
And I know, a love like yours would be so hard to find
So, I'll just keep on waiting for the day you're mine

The girl that I admire, one that I desire
And no one can stop the feelings that you inspire
The way that you leave me in this obsession
With the chambers of my heart in your possession
We were meant to be together, always and forever
For that engagement, I shall endeavor
Pray for the day that we combine
And I can say for sure that you're truly mine
In benevolence and reverence
As soon as our relationship commence
But for now, I wait impatiently
For the day that you can give your all to me
(You've got me waiting for you day by day)
The moment of truth is what I really should call it
I worked so hard for it, so please don't spoil it
Yeah, it's a lot that I'm asking you to give me
That's only because I need you with me
Side by side, hand in hand
You as my girl and Kane as your man
Bust it
Ever since the first time that I seen her
I wanted her to step inside my arena
I'd be the champion of love, wear the golden glove
And show you what a real man is made of
My feelings I'm sharing because I'm caring
My heart'll tell you why I am so endearing
For a chance at romance, I would love to enhance
I would be your man under any circumstance
Just as long as I can say that you're my own
Your feelings for me and mine alone
We can cherish every moment of the time we spent
Try to take our love to the full extent
The point that I'm trying so hard to get through
Is girl, I'm in love with you
You've got me waiting for you day by day (I'm waiting, everyday)
Fantasies of you has got me drifting away (Dreams, drifting)
And I know, a love like yours would be so hard to find (I know, oh so very hard to find)
So, I'll just keep on waiting for the day you're mine (Mine, mine)

A dramatic, fanatic for our relation
Cupid has me stupid with infatuation
And a fashion of passion, so tenderly
With vibes I can't describe, you send to me
This personal attachment in which I feel
To you my dear, I will try to reveal
All over and over, I'll try and try
Because to see you with the next man makes me cry
I feel that I should be the only man to side you
'Cause no one can love you the way that I do
No one deserves the love you can give
So allow me to show you how I'm out to live
With something very special, palliative and pure
And anything that you want, I can give you more
I'll be calm and gentle, loving and sentimental
Oh, so much emotion, I'm talking devotion
'Cause when I get involved, I get involved so deep
That you would know that my love is something special to keep
But for now, I guess I'll be fine
And keep waiting for the day that you'll be mine5Embed
Somebody tell me who's that, what's that
It's the man with the silk drawers stuck up his buttcrack
Don't even front and try to ask who is this
Cause my name rings more bells than a Jehovah Witness
Stronger than Listerine, moppin up rappers like Mr. Clean
Oh Lord, the Kane just hit the scene
Booyaka bo buck, rappers have no luck
Cause when I come through, I'm catchin wreck, like a tow truck
Cause ain't no way in the world the Kane could ever, fade
I'm stayin on top of this thing, in order for me to get, paid
And anyone comin to me for a battle is gettin, slayed
Whenever it comes to the lyrics I'm rappin I got it, made
So back up off me, cause yo' rap
Have no hap' so slow dat and act like you know dat
Cause you can dream about bein this up to par
But not even Johnny Mathis can tell you what your chances are
Competition I'll drill em, and definitely outskill em
To make the long story short, I kill em
Cause I face em like Jason, bizarre
And when I come through, it's like tchk tchk ahh

Come on, heidi heidi heidi ho
And yo I got the funky flow
So let yourself go!
Heidi heidi heidi ho
And yo I got the funky flow
So let yourself go!
Come on, heidi heidi heidi ho
And yo I got the funky flow
So let yourself go!
Come on, heidi heidi heidi ho
And yo I got the funky flow
So let yourself go!
You might also like
Givin you mo', ready to go, kickin the flow, rippin the show
Comin to blow, check out a pro, look at the glow, act like you know
Left the lonely lonely through lyrics loose in me
Leave the lowlife left lingerin lost like ???
Anything you can imagine done to a microphone I did it
Ripped it, flipped it, hit it, split it, let it so dig it
But don't make me get ill, or chill, cause if I exercise my skill
Rappers'll hit the floor like Johnny Gill
The smoothest soloist, with this to exist to bliss
And diss who risk to test this
Cause this ain't no game, I treat you like
A picture of my ex-girl, and rip that ass out the frame
I come pursuant, pursuant, pursuant, pursuant
And step it to him, to him, to him, to him, to him
I leave a rapper's career ruined, ruined, ruined, ruined
And watch him fade like my voice is doin, doin, doin
Ease back when I attack
Your poetry is wack so don't ask for no slack
Cause I'm tell you straight up, I'mma bring it son
You want Poetic Justice, go see John Singleton
Because a battle ain't no thing to me
And I don't look nothin like Tarzan
So don't think you can swing with me
Just let the Kane take control, I'd like to know
If you really ready for some super dynamite soul!
Then come on, heidi heidi heidi ho
And yo I got the funky flow
So let yourself go!
Uh-huh, heidi heidi heidi ho
And yo I got the funky flow
So let yourself go!
Uh-huh, heidi heidi heidi ho
And yo I got the funky flow
So let yourself go!
Come on, heidi heidi heidi ho
And yo I got the funky flow
So let yourself go!

So what's this? A new attitude, you're tryin to act rude
You saw Menace and now you in a gangsta mood?
What are you kiddin me? That's the heart of stupidity
If you wanna be a gangsta, join the mafia in Italy
Fakin and frontin on stage like you're hard
I hope when you get to Detroit, the real thugs gon' pull your card
Flashin guns like you got somethin to prove G
What, you wanna be in the next John Singleton movie?
You're sayin that you're buckwhylin
But don't convince me, convince the brothers on the Island
Otherwise just forget it, unless niggas that did ten years
Say you a gangsta, I ain't wit it
"Yo, I raped his mother, yo, I shot and killed him"
Is that what you wanna get across to the children?
I guess you're not gonna be happy til it's for real
Four year old kids, doin drivebys on Big Wheels
Or maybe you wanna see it be more fatal
Like Kindergarten kids, tryin to cook crack with Play-Doh
Now I don't mean to take the fun out the jam
I just want some to understand about the gun in the hand
We gotta show our people how to live equal
Peace out, I'm catchin folks on the sequel
It go, heidi heidi heidi ho
And yo I got the funky flow
So let yourself go!
Uh-huh, heidi heidi heidi ho
And yo I got the funky flow
So let yourself go!
Come on, heidi heidi heidi ho
And yo I got the funky flow
So let yourself go!
Come on, heidi heidi heidi ho
And yo I got the funky flow
So let yourself go!Embed
Let it roll, get bold, I just can't hold
Back or fold 'cause I'm a man with soul
In control and effect, so what the heck?
Rock the discotheques and this groove is what's next
Attack, react, exact, the mack'll move you with
A strong song, as long as you groove to this
I keep the crowd loud when you're hype
Do damage onstage and injure the mic
As I shoot the gift, MCs stand stiff
While my rhymes stick to you like Skippy and Jif
Feel my blood fist or my death kiss
The rap soloist, you don't want none of this
Supreme in this era, I reign with terror
When I grab the mic, believe you're gonna hear a
Fascinatin' rhyme as I enchant them
So let's all sing the Big Daddy anthem
Go with the flow, my rhymes grow like an Afro
I entertain again and Kane'll never have no
Problem, I can sneeze, sniffle, or cough
E-e-e-even if I stutter, I'ma still come off
'Cause rappers can't understand the mics I rip
They sure enough ain't equipped, that's why they got flipped
But my apparatus is up to status
Don't ask who's the baddest, of course, that is
The maker, breaker, taker, my rhymes ache the head
Put it to bed, so watch what's said
Save the bass for the pipe and rearrange your tone
Or take a loss and be forced in the danger zone
'Cause I get ill and kill at will
Teachin' a skill that's real, you're no thrill
So just stand still and chill as I build
Science I drill until my rhymes fill
Your head up
Don't even get up
The teacher is teachin', so just shut up
You might also like
I can't hold it back
Set it off
I can't hold it back
Set it off
I can't hold it back
Set it off
I can't hold it back
Now break loose

Rappers, take a step back, or you will soon regret that
You ever had to confront me and you can bet that
I come correct, perfect, in full effect
Disconnect, dissect, eject as I wreck shop
Stand in command with the clan
Caravan or van, we go man for man and
Without further ado or any delay
Mister Cee as we say, call him the DJ
Mad Money Murf with the triple M
Smooth the barber keepin' my flat-top trim
Scoob Lover my brother, Scrap Lover my other
Dancin' with the crew, so allow the boys to smother
The floor, and endure just for your pleasure
As the microphone lord proceeds to get raw
Acrobatic, Asiatic, rap fanatic
I get dramatic and rhymes start flowin' automatically from me
So don't play me, obey me
When asked, "Who's the best?", you better say me
I'm sendin' sucker MC's headin' north
And if you still want some, set if off
For you to cope is just a wish and a hope
And if you are what you eat, then feed me dope
'Cause I'm just about as dope as dope can get
Ultimate, legit, Kane is a perfect fit
The king of my kingdom, completin' a cypher
The lyrics I bring them keeps the crowd hyper
As I release the masterpiece
The groove will never cease until Kane says, "Peace"
So, maestro, yo, hit it
Big Daddy Kane's about to come with it 'cause
I can't hold it back
Set it off
I can't hold it back
Set it off
I can't hold it back
Set it off
I can't hold it back
Now break loose
I can't hold it back

Uh
Yeah
Now I just wanna say what's up to my man Botch, can't forget D
This goes out to Hawk, Dog, Pig, Miami, Slop
And of course my man Big Shy, AB Money, Neil
To my man KK, Von Cheetah, D Smooth, Ive West
Can't forget Jam
Footloose and Lil' K
To my man Mont, Steve, Chee, Mark, Howard, Logey, Cheely
And the whole posse from the jungle
To my man Jamel from Queens
Of course the one known as Ant Live, Thorough V
The Debonair Three
Frank Nitty Ikecapone
Melquan and Shabazz
The whole Brooklyn posse blas blas
And may I send this out to the one known as AJ Fresh
Peace, my brother10Embed
Give it to me
Get on the dancefloor
Start to clap your hands for
The smooth operator, what more can your ask for
The musical maestro
That's usin the mic so
I can spark up the entire place like nitro-
Glycerine because the crowd is sizzlin
Bobbin they heads to what's said and still listenin
I specialize in fun
And I must know what's happenin cos you're dancin like re-run
So behold the natural born soul, a rhythm
To get em and hit em as I party with em
My job is to make you all feel this
But I'm not don cornelius
I'm just a new black cesar here to please ya, ease ya
Movin and groovin, provin, soothin at your leisure
I don't sing or yell
But my rhymes reach out and touch more people than Ma Bell
The brain of the Kane's so intelligent
You think dancin is irrelevant
And start stompin like a elephant
But that's not necessary, just let the beat carry
You into somethin funkadelic
That might best describe
The musical vibe you feel when I arrive
From the moment I walk through the door
I gotta keep em on the floor
You might also likeGet up and dance and move your body across the floor
Go on and do your thing until you're feelin sore
(I can't dance no more)
Get on up and dance
(Let's dance)
Get on up and dance
(Give it here)
Get on up and dance
(Funky)
Look
You came in the disco
Thinkin it would be just low
But I'mma make sure you enjoy this show
You won't have a chance to sit down
(Get down)
And listen to rhymes that go the mile like a marathon
A voice that's choice, as strong as sarah vaugh
Swift delivery flowin like a river be
Flowin, but only ladies know my tongue is that slippery
I grab the mic and then we'll see
Who can d-a-n-c-e
Makin the crowd roar for more of what they saw
And I'm sure that I can keep em on the floor
{Chorus}
Oh
Feel like I'm down here by myself sometimes
I'm ready to break this groove down
You're ready
So I'mma let the music just stop
And we gon' get into our own thing for a minute here
You're ready
Break it down
Keep on dancin
(Keep on dancin)
(Dance)
Bring in paramedics to relieve the
Trace of this bad case of dance fever
Cos I can feel the disco heat gettin to me
While the sweat got my silk drawers stickin to me
But I can't stop, I gotta party
Like a gun on the dancefloor and catch a body
I might move real smooth
Then again dance real silly
Just like a hillbilly
As i make sure the beat is kept
So all the party people stay in step
Become a slave to the rhythm
Grab someone of the opposite sex and dance with em
Put your partner on the floor and face em
That shows a positive sign of unification
And if all party goers could make this move
We'd be one nation under a groove
So let's try this, stop the violence
That can only result in peace from what I sense
To be straight to the point
A little love and harmony - mh (it's the joint)
So build a nation, pump the bass and
The treble beyond the level of imagination
So the Big Daddy Kane can endure
And the name of this tune is Keep Em on the Floor
(Everybody get up)Embed
Oh, mm, big daddy
Big daddy
Oh, mm, big daddy
Big daddy
Oh, mm, big daddy
Big daddy
Oh, mm, big daddy
Big daddy, daddy
Hear ye, hear ye, from far and near
The one they call the Big Daddy Kane is here
To deliver a message to everyone everywhere
So listen up, party people, 'cause this you should hear
It's a story of a far-away atmosphere
That you will find very rare and far beyond compare
All is sincere and rather debonair
So let's all gather around, because

Mm, yeah, I'll take you there, oh
Mm, yeah, I'll take you there, oh
Mm, yeah, I'll take you there, oh
Mm, yeah, I'll take you there
You might also like
Off to a place you thought was unreal
Where people of the world do know how to chill
Everything remains cool and calm where you are
And if you ask about crime, they all'll say, "Huh?"
They wouldn't even know what you mean
'Cause it's a different program, y'all know the routine
Where people work hard for a decent buck
And you can wear truck jewelry without being stuck
Never wondering whether your house is all right
So go leave your VCR on the porch overnight
And as for the people, they all stand proud
Senior citizens party with the hip-hop crowd
You can hang at a jam 'til the break of dawn
And leave without your Bally shoes getting stepped on
Everyone walks around in their right mind in awe
Because crack ain't nothing but a hole in the wall
So those who wish to live with glare and flair
There's a place that this can be done, and yo

Mm, yeah, I'll take you there, oh
Mm, yeah, I'll take you there, oh
Mm, yeah, I'll take you there, oh
Mm, yeah, I'll take you there, oh
What I discovered may just only seem
As something that you find in your wildest dream
But on the real tip, you will see
I'm not playing, what I'm saying is reality
There is a place people live with joy
That the next man cannot come along and destroy
No one faces problems, no one says sorry
And war ain't nothing but a game on Atari
This message also applies to other nations
Like Africa, for instance, where there's starvation
But if you come with me, you're sure to see
Ethiopians can eat in Red Lobster for free
And people that you saw before that were poor
Will never ever see the situation no more
'Cause in this world everyone's a millionaire
Is there a WIC? Are you sick? And what the hell is welfare?
Fashions are smashing for all to flaunt
And we can get anything that we want
So don't think you can't afford expensive design
Because fresh Gucci wear is only $5.99
So come, ye all, and attend this affair
As we journey to the promised land, and

Mm, yeah, I'll take you there, oh
Mm, yeah, I'll take you there, oh
Mm, yeah, I'll take you there, oh
Since I'm the type of guy that laughs and jokes
This may sound funny, but seriously, folks
It's a shame that people today must live
In a world that's operating oh so negative
But I found a place designed especially for you
Where peace and harmony is everyone's culture
So let's all gather around before this world corrupts
And we don't even need Scotty to beam us up, because

Mm, yeah, I'll take you there, oh
Mm, yeah, I'll take you there, oh
Mm, yeah, I'll take you there, oh
Mm, yeah, I'll take you there, oh

Big daddy (Oh, mm)
Big daddy (Oh, mm)
Big daddy (Oh, mm)
Big daddy (Oh, mm)
Big daddy (Oh, mm)
Big daddy (Oh, mm)
Big daddy (Oh, mm)
Big daddy
Big daddy

I'll take you there, all right
I'll take you there, all right
I'll take you there, all right
I'll take you there, all all1Embed
It's hell up in Harlem, my main man just caught a bad one
Wetted by a magnum when he didn't have none
That goes to show you that even when you're respected
Brothers'll still try ya if they think you're butt-naked
So, I went uptown to get the low down
To see who made the whole thing go down
Word on the streets had it
Some kids from the Bronx with automatics came to start static
Some new jacks at the game
Try'na to get a name had a point to prove
Wrong move
So I can't wait to get em all straight
It's a big payback when I retaliate
(Whoo) Steam, I gotta let it off
And I can't wait to set it off
To avenge my main man that's gone
And as sure as my name is Kane, word is bond
The beef is on

(Once again it's on)
 x 3
(...you better save it for the mothafuckin meat market) x 2

It's time to show them how to get hard
Callin' a hit squad and pull all these clown's ciddard
For tryin to friddont and fiddake the middood
But when I get riddude - awesome dude
So I took a little trip to Brooklyn
Bedstuy Do-Or-Die is where I was lookin'
For my boys from Roosevelt, Albany, and Marcy
Plus I got a posse over in Canarsie
I'm talkin' about ill brothers that don't play
They sit around watchin' Scarface all day
So here we go, headed up to they scene
Twenty deep in a van like the A-Team
We rolled up to see what this joint's about
When one of my boys in the van just pointed 'em out
So without delay we reacted
And started shootin' like it was target practice
When they saw that we wasn't messin' around
One tried to run, so I had to chase him down
I caught the kid by the corner store deli
Kicked him in the belly like I was Jim Kelly
I did his jugular vein something violent
Came back to see my crew made the rest silent
We sent fifteen bodies to Trapper John
'Cause the beef was on
You might also like(You send your boys in I send em back in a paperbag)

Many screamed about a homicide
But when I came to shut em down all the drama died
I plead insanity when I got a jam with me
And we roll like the Corleone family
I bring the boys that'll bring the noise
In the aftermath everything's destroyed
Like a crew of barbarians
And brothers that want beef, I make em vegetarians
So don't even front and try to put it as if you're ruff
Cos soon as I see ya, best believe i'ma call your bluff
And everyone else that tried to press up on me tuff
Have fallen and they can't get up
My game is a ill one
Cos i'm a real one
Lorda mercy
Nuff controversy
A gangster, a con
A pimp and a don
Waitin for the beef to be onEmbed
 Uhh, a brother man, brother.. man, yeah!
 Brother man, brother.. man, go 'head
 Brother man, brother.. man, yeah!
 A brother man, brother man, uhh
 A brother man, brother.. man, yeah!
 Brother man, brother.. man
 Uh-huh, a brother man, brother man

Check it, we wreck shop, from nighttime to dawn
It's goin it's goin it's goin it's goin

It's gone!
Cause Lil' Daddy's like a rap helter skelter
A bad mother..

Chill Shane, respect your elders
My younger one, UHH, tall and yellow
Aiyyo, I got you covered like an umbrella

Well, I got a little rap thing I wanna breeze through
You might also like
So may I release you?

Oh oh, please do

So Lil' Daddy, my ace, my brother
Get on the mic and let's rock with one another

And, here comes the six foot four, the rough and raw
To blow up the mic with rhymes you like
I strike the stage in a rage and burn just like a twelve gauge
Shotgun, cause son, the Shane is not the one
The noise bringer, humdinger, funky rhyme stinger
Bring your girl to my show and I'ma swing her
The Lil' Daddy got it down pat, YEAH
I'm like the name Heavy D, I sound fat
Word for word, line for line, UH
I gets mine and show I'm poetically in-clined
If rap was made by ? then redeemed because
You ain't got no ahhhhhice creeeeeeeeam
So take a seat in the rear
Don't dare to compare, cause I swear, you gets nothin here
The way you see me knock out the next brother
You'd think my moms had a talk with LL's mother, huh
Aiy-yi-yi-yah, momma mia
Man I burn the next MC like gonorrhea
Knock the boots on a girl named Althea
Then pull her friend by the name of Maria
Well I got a little rap thing I wanna breeze through

So may I release you?

Oh oh, please do

So Big Daddy, my ace, my brother
Get on the mic, and let's rap with one another

When I grab the microphone and shout
You gotta spread out, spread out, spread out, spread out
I'm ready to rip it apart, I hit em with one of the rhymes
I'm rough in a flash, trash, bash, crash, smash slash mash
Run for shelter, no one can help ya
You pushed up on a heavyweight, when your rhymes are welter-
-weight that's right, wait, because you're not fitted
*singing* You're never gonna get it, never gonna get it
UHH, I'm what you call a rap legend
And definitely the last MC to be present
Don't even try to take mines
You fuckin new jack, you still got price tags on your rhymes
Yo what's that sayin that Hammer says uhh
U Can't Touch This, just like a pimple yo I'ma bust this
I'm like Steven Seagal, Out for Justice
As for competition, pssssssh, what's this?
You're not prepared to, rappers are scared to
Confront this, cause you know damn well you don't want this
Some good advice is just break out
Before I treat you like a fast food restaurant and take-out
As soon as I see the microphone yo I'ma, seize that
Squeeze that, a battle, you better, freeze that
Cause if you go through the Wrath of Kane, uhh
Not even Lisa Fischer can ease the pain, so
 Brother man, brother.. man
 Uh-huh, brother man, brother.. man
 Yo, brother man, brother mega-man, UHH!
 A brother man, brother mega-man, yeah!
 Brother man, brother man..
 Ha hah!  Brother man, brother.. man, yeah!
 Brother man, brother MAN, aowww!
 A brother man, brother.. man

RUFFFFFFFFFFF!Embed

I be the cruddy one that they call the DJ Mister Cee
With the whole Wolf Pack in the place to be
Better known as the Chocolate City
So Scoob Lover, huh, are ya with me?

Yo, I break punks up like a fight. Give me the mic, I'm hype
(Damn kid, you're starvin' for life)
Cause people be tellin' me, brothers be gellin' me
Tryin' to get fame from my name but they chumps and they Butt-soft
They know I'm wilder than a dog with hot sauce
A mic, a stage, a crowd, and I won't stop:
I set it off and get live like an alarm clock
People thought Scoob and Scrap was just a nickname;
Now that we rap, we sell more records than cocaine
Awww, shucks, now I'm back from the down-low
Here comes Scoob with the curly afro
No chemical reaction, no need for askin', pure satisfaction
My last name's Jackson
You slip up, I get ill -- my boot to your grill
My nine kills, I'm Big Scoob from Brownsville
The world's greatest lover, the chaaaaa-clate brother...
You might also like
Who's the committee? (CHOCOLATE CITY!) 3x
Scrap Lover are ya with me?

Yo, I drop science kinda like a pigeon;
Over rough tracks I tax any midget with a small digit
Smooth and mild but complicated
I put the crowd to to smashed like a driver that's intoxicated
Rappers write rhymes, and talk about guns and jail
But wouldn't squeeze a lemon in a cocktail
Don't say "huh?" or "what?", and don't ask who
Cuz if you hear me, I must be talkin' to you
You probably thought I couldn't steal it, cuz I was a dancer
I didn't have a chance, but ya'll can kill it
You gotta be off your rocker
I'm lettin' suckers know that Scrap got more soul than Foot Locker
And if you heard I got skills, believe it's true;
Suggest for Pete Rock, for reminiscin' over you
It's not a threat, it's a bet, cuz hey
The last sucker who tried woulda been 25 today

Who's the committee? (CHOCOLATE CITY!) 3x
Big Daddy are ya with me?
Yo-yo-yo-yo, look out, get out the way!
Here comes the K the A the N the E -- huh, ya better flee
Cuz I don't need no hoodie to be hard, shoot:
I'll kill a nigga in a three-piece suit
I don't be havin' it so the rear I'll attack
A size-15 to the buttocks, a-matter-fact
A hard-core blow to the face I'll provide
To give you a Crooked eye, just like St. Ides
Leave you home and you must be screamin' and yellin';
Not even Kool Moe Dee shades can hide your swellin'
I bring it rough, tough;
I said that I was Browner than Bobby, so you know that it's good enough
I'm untouchable to rappers my size
You dreamed of beatin' me, you better wake up and apologize
Some claim to be a Daddy or Poppa
But with me, you'd have no Ranks if your name was Shabba

Who's the committee? (CHOCOLATE CITY!) 3x
Now you know you'd too like to be with it...

Shane, I cause pain, I make it rain
I'm wearin' and tearin' down to the last grain
Ha, I'm not a chocolate brother, but I dont' mourn
Cuz I swear this vanilla kid got it goin' on
So don't even step to me if you're worth nothin'
Because I just might hurt somethin'
My competition thinks twice, cuz yo, for a young nigga, I'm kinda nice...
Ooooooooooooohhhh! Chocolate City are ya with meeeee?!
Scoob and Scrap and Mister Cee! Kane and Shane and Laaaarrrrreeeeeee!
Kaaaaaane....would your black ass sing it for mee-heee?!
 Ohhh, ho, shit yeahhhh! Embed
Things been said, plenty rumors been spread
Many many many new jacks got it in they head
That they can raise up on this and put the Kane in fright
He-he, Yeah right!
Listen, you're just as soft as baby powder
Don't let your mouth get you in somethin'
Your rhymes can't get you out of
Some good advice is don't even come out my way
You better press upon Chucky if you're lookin' for Child's Play
'Cause I'm a grown ass man in total command
One of the best to ever be and
No other can ever take a stand
When I kick a verse, the scene becomes so scary
That niggas get quiet like a library
I pick up the mic like a hunter in hot pursuit
Oh, you want some of this? Then put that mic on mute
Because you'll be in more danger than Penelope Pitstop
Point blank, you get your shit dropped
I got a death blow whenever I throw
With double impact to take out the whole row
Huh, I start swingin' again and again
You'll hear so many Ooh-ah's you'll think it was Boyz II Men
I break down, shakedown, proceed down, beat down
Back down, smackdown, rip down, get down
Showdown, throwdown, rundown, come down! (DJ rewinds)
Here's a little message for your own concern
You try to press up on this and get burned
A battle with a non-believe is what I yearn
Damn, niggas never learn
You might also likeNiggas!
This is for your own concern
You must learn
Niggas!
This is for your own concern
You must learn
Niggas!
This is for your own concern
You must learn
Niggas!
This is for your own concern
You must learn
If you ever see a jam playin' you can bet that damn Kane
Will make it sparkle and bubble like champagne
Dom Perignon I'm the Don of the set
And I'll bet, that the girls, will agree
That the B, the-I-G, D-A-double-D-Y Superfly feel
Like Ron O'Neal, gets ill, I got it goin' on
Word is bond, I'm more Dangerous
Than Michael Jackson, hah, sha-mon!
So, I don't attract with the wick-wick-wack
So take a step back, you new, new, new jack
'Cause young boy, all of your rhymes are pre-natal
Mines are fatal, 'cause I got The Hand That Rocks the Cradle
So stay in your crib pen, before you get did in
Uhh, I mean done in, you gets none and
The last rapper to press upon me wrong was
Umm... damn it's been that long!
So competin' is not a smart decision
'Cause I start to dissin', then start dismissin'
You're tryin' to battle with me well Goddamn scram
The style that you're usin' is as old as a Trans-Am
Update yourself just like an 850
Shift see, oh what's the use you still can't with me
Many MC's tried their best to press up
But I guess, their best wasn't good enough
I'm not Robert Townsend, but every time I speak
I'll leave a rapper's chest beatin' like he had Five Heartbeats
Knockin' out comp like Rocky Balboa
And I make more noise than a lawnmower
For my stacks, I worked hard to earn
Bein' the bigger the better the badder the boss
The brother to break em when bringin' the bomb
To blow up the Boogie Down-
(Inhales, deep sigh)
Damn, niggas never learn!Embed
SURPRISE! Guess who's on the rise?
And competition, I'm takin, and breakin em down to size
I operate around the clock like city bus
Never take five, cause yo when you rest, you rust
Be advised, that I pack heat for beef
I'm knockin brothers out the box, and knockin out teeth
Twenty-one years young and I got the knack
(You got it!) to attack and scoop girls like a set of jacks
Ruff rhymes that rag any rap herb
Built by the best to bust swerves like a sharp curve
Fifty percent on wax, no matter of fact
Every nine out of ten rap acts produce a wack track
Twice as nice, but smooth as silk
Somebody writin for Scrap, is like givin a cow milk
I release, to make it hard for the fellas to cease
Cause I'm the type to make noise, I don't make peace
Here's a new jack, ready to SWING
And bring the hype type of freestyle rhyme for the crowd to sing
Some say there's a party, but it looks like a job to Scrap
I catch bodies with a nickel-plated rough rap
Me and ?Slap?, we run together through the city
The nitty gritty, always together like titties
By any chance that I do get burnt
You better believe that I'm comin back, just like a tax return
You might also like
"Here comes Kane, Scoob, Scrap"
Here we go y'all! (6X)
"Here comes Kane, Scoob, Scrap"
Here we go!!

Move over to the side, let a slim brother wreck it
It's that Scoob Lover kid, so pull up a chair and CHECK IT
When I get wild like Heathcliff, or Dennis the Menace
It's like food to a fat man, finished
I bust your head like a apple (A APPLE)
And pour the blood in a jar, tell your moms that it's Snapple
And wait around my way for your crew, who's next
Cause I be lookin out my window with a nine like Malcolm X
There's no comp, they all got stomped so
Dream on.... dream away.... WELL OKAY!
And play like Shante, and Have a Nice Day
I drop rhymes that go boom (BOOM!)
And I can get funky like a high school locker room
Don't even think that I'm country country bamma
Scoob is hittin harder than a heavy heavy sledgehammer
I rock songs to make your grandmother dance
My rhymes are more together than a girl in biker pants
I'm never backed up, I never once had a fronter
Boy I get more beeps than a roadrunner *beep-beep*
I never sweat the girls when it comes to a phone call
I got things sewn up tighter than a football
So skip to my loo or get stomped by my crew
Brooklyn's in the house and ain't a damn thing new
"Here comes Kane, Scoob, Scrap"
Here we go y'all! (6X)
"Here comes Kane, Scoob, Scrap"
Here we go!!

Here comes the Prince of Darkness ready to spark this
And show the people just who is the hardest
Ruff and rugged, kind of similar to a nugget
But yet and still, I manage to keep the groove, smoove
Rebel for wreck them rappers I dissect them
Cause anything I say on the mic will affect them (HOW?)
So bad, they gotta run for shelter
So rappers take flight like they work for Delta
They know I ain't havin it, styles with no crab in it
Fakin and flakin it child, you're sadly mistakin
Cause who's a rapper here that Kane rip on the mic
And start flowin *ZOOM* Yo yo yo, where you goin?
That's how they flee from me, the B, the I-G
Damn man, you know my pedigree, huh
The gangsta, murdera, killa to ya
For sure endure to injure him or her
The breaker the taker money-maker never a faker
My lyrics are built like Schwarzaneggar
So all my competition gets destroyed
You need to put your weak rhymes on steroid
For you to ever to press up on the mightiest man
To rip a show and flow, provin that competition CAN'T GO
Because I do all, it's easy for you to fall
I move all rappers like my name was U-Haul
"Here comes Kane, Scoob, Scrap"
Here we go y'all! (6X)
"Here comes Kane, Scoob, Scrap"
"and Mister Cee"

"Well it's the Kane"
"bring me on, and ah"
"Scoob Lover"
"bring me on, and ah"
"Scrap Lover"
"bring me on, and ah"
"Here comes Kane, Scoob, Scrap Scrap Scrap"
"Well it's the Kane"
"bring me on, and ah"
"Scoob Lover"
"bring me on, and ah"
"Scrap Lover"
"bring me on, and ah"
"Here comes Kane, Scoob, Scrap and Mister Cee"1Embed
Ready, willin', and able
Here comes the new modern day Dark Gable
On the mattress and on the box springs
Girls, they wanna sport me like bamboo earrings
The go-getter, the skins-hitter
And if your girl says she met me, I probably did her
Word up, the sex super stud
I jump your bones like ten Crips against one Blood
(Nasty!) The N-A-S-T-Y
Ready for action if you wanna see why
So come on, and let's do this
As I tiptoe through your tulips
Like Moses, I part them legs like the Red Sea
And then I plant somethin' deadly
Poundin' and poundin', is how I'm servin' this
Makin' it look like your bed is goin' through turbulence
Lots of lust, between the two of us
The sign on my Jimmy says, "Kidney's or bust," so
I shove deeper than the voice of Barry
To make you hit high notes like Mariah Carey
It's like a Morris Day jerkout
To put you in more positions than a Jane Fonda workout
I'm ready to tear down walls
You say let's chill, but to hell with that
I'm not Aaron Hall, so...
You might also like
Give it to me, give it to me
Give it to me, give it to me
Give it to me, give it to me
Give it to me, give it to me
(Give it in)

I paid the cost to be the boss
Like with that HIV rumor they tried to toss
But I'm so good with the women that if I ever caught AIDS
A woman doctor'd find a cure just so she could get laid
So never fear my dear, just come on over here
I practice safe sex, with girls I lay next
In other words, the J-hat's on the head
Cause I'm too sexy for AIDS like Right Said Fred
So can I touch you there, huh? Huh?
I like to take my, time, whenever, I'm
Massagin' my fingers through a girl, ooh-wee
I leave her wet, just like her beaver had a Jheri curl
Then I begin to hit those skins
So baby doll, let let me in
And if you're the slight bit tight from virginity..
.. vaseline on me!

Give it to me, give it to me
Give it to me, give it to me
Give it to me, give it to me
Give it to me, give it to me
(Give it in)

Just another pervert that loves to flirt
With a skirt so at a concert, girls stay alert
Cause I be hoppin' on 'em just like a frog
I run through, a Luke video, like it's a smorgasbord
I start sweatin', my back gets to humpin'
Then I thump and I thump and I thump and I thump
I don't carry a gun but I'm packin' somethin' lethal
One of the last she-BOINKIN people
So come on Miss Thing don't front
You got me on a hunt, and you know what I want, that
U-S-S-Y, wait, that's not the way, oh
Pass the Peas like they used to say!
And when I give you this fat one
You gotta guard your grill, honey
Nonononononono, not that one..
Because I give girls the grand slam
I'm like a radio station; continuous jams

Give it to me, give it to me
Give it to me, give it to me
Give it to me, give it to me
Give it to me, give it to meEmbed
Huh, huh, huh
Mister Cee, are you wit me, uhh
Mister Cee, are you wit me, DIG IT
Gangster or prankster, define yourself, huh
And put that rough talk on the shelf
You talk all that robbery shit, but it's lame
You wouldn't steal first base at a baseball game
Never sold drugs, you never was a thug
But you're talking ying-yang like as if you're in a gang
I mean for goodness sake
The only beef you ever had was a sirloin steak
You wanna question me and all the words I say
Well, you can bring the noise any fuckin day
I rock a rugged-a-ruff rhyme to besiege ya
And if I see you at a party, put up your dickbeaters
By time I get through wreckin your jaw
You be callin Patti LaBelle and Barry White hardcore
Why should I give up for gangster contrast
When I can rap about gettin some ass
To prove that I'm a gangster only brings me trouble
But the proof that I'm a lover * sound of a zipper *
It's that easy but still you insist (yeah)
That I do this (what?)You might also likeEmbed
On the Black Caesar tip, my dialogue
Is just like a frank inside of a supermarket, raw dog
I'm the untouchable, never to be took out
A Sexy Mother.. ooh, child! Prince, look out!
I'm keepin' girls of all shades on my trail
From a Sister Act down to a Single White Female
'Cause when I hit the skins, they all say, "Damn, Kane..
You knock out the Bush like a presidential campaign"
But if you think that lickin' toes makes me weak
You better treat me like Freddy Krueger  don't sleep
I write raps, ready to rip and rock real rough rhymes
Run in rugged and raw, rapidly ruinin' roaches
Point blank, I spell murder to a bum
All you backwards rappers  REDRUM! REDRUM!
'Cause I do 'em somethin' awful, break 'em down to a morsel
Makin' sure that you're no longer adorable
Rappers get so quiet when I'm comin'
That if they shitted a dictionary, you couldn't get a word from 'em
It's sort of a tradition in Bed-Stuy to do or die
So steppin' to me is suicide!
I couldn't think of a rapper takin' mines
Huh! I feel like Ali  "I'm the greatest of all times"
Floatin' like a butterfly, stingin' like a bee
Yeah, I know this ain't boxing, but that's still my pedigree
But as for you, you have no appeal
How you get a record deal?
You might also like
Like shell-toe Adidas, ain't a damn thing changed
The way I shoot off lyrics like a firing range
Breakin' out in a cold sweat, the death threat
Gettin' more props than a movie set
The smooth microphone assassin, rhymes keep blastin'
Uh! I keep the body count massive
But if you say you increased the Body Count, troop
You must admit that you joined Ice-T's group
'Cause you ain't hurtin' niggedy-nuthin', so why you bluffin'?
Tryin' to be the new Big Daddy Somethin'
But there's only one, before me, no one is pitchin'
Huh! You couldn't come Pryor if your name was Richard
'Cause I'm the Alpha and Omega
Arm-Leg-uh-Leg-uh-Arm-Head, stayin' raw 'til I'm dead
And to battle me  you shouldn't even try
'Cause with wings on your tongue, you still couldn't say nothin' fly
And I don't care if you bring a crew
And I don't even care if someone else writes for you
Man, you could even be someone the crowd may just like
But, shoot.. you couldn't see me with a bifocal mic
Check my resume: Rapmasters, Word Up!
Yo! MTV, BET, The Box and all that good stuff
And Billboard from a five-year duration
And see that I got more spots than a dalmatian
Let's get down to bidness, yes, large
You could bring on your whole squad, none of you chumps are hard!
All that garbage you mumble ain't real
And seriously, seriously.. how you get a record deal?
A lot of rappers today
Wonder, "Should I ask Kane to write rhymes for me to say?"
Well, you're goddamn right you should
'Cause my rhymes are like spandex, they make any ass seem good
So act like you know, baby pop
When I riggedy-rock the higgedy-hip-hop nonstop
As I freak the funk and flip the flavor to flow
The flyest, a fury full force in the flames of the fire
Now! May these MC's rest in peace
Because when I come to town, the population decrease
I leave 'em finished, dead and that's that!
Huh! Not even Pet Sematary could bring 'em back
I slay my prey, they decay
I tell 'em like Jennifer Holiday  no-no-no nooooooo way!
That you could ever touch this
No, you know how I feel? I think you bought your record dealEmbed

Dearly beloved, we are gathered here today for this somber occasion. Please join us in the mourning of this U-47. It was a great microphone in its day until it met it's fate. One evening while it was in the studio
It was struck by the lyrical force of the Big Daddy Kane. So ashes to ashes, and dust to dust, may this microphone, rest, in peace

Knock knock, guess who? Yes, ooh
The Bigger the B, the Iggah the I, the Jigga the G is comin through
Yes I'm the one with clout, they're all talkin' bout
To be frank, I have the flavor like sauerkraut
The microphone assassinator and furthermore
I murdered plenty rappers and believe that I'll murder more
So if you ask to give the Kane a go
You better treat me like drugs, and Just Say No
Because I utilize my skills to brutalize
And in a battle, man, you should see what I do to guys
Whenever the mic's mine, I'll rock a hype rhyme
And come off, like dirty panties at nighttime
Cause any mic that I caress, I finesse
With zest, and just bless, best yet to progress
King Asiatic, no other rapper stands this
You couldn't be a King if you played hockey in Los Angeles
I gets pi-daid, top gri-dade, gotta admit-eh
Point blank, the kid's stri-daight
Cause when it comes to R-A-P-P-I-N, huh
I got it locked up like a bullpen
You might also like
"May you rest in peace"
"May you rest in peace"
"May you rest in peace"
"If this meaning doesn't manifest, put it to rest"

Rappers I get em and hit em and slit em and split em and rid em
Acquit em, when I get with em, you can tell that I did em
I take em and shake em and bake em and ache em and break em
And rake em, you can't awake 'em from the comatose way I make 'em
Cause when you're messin' with me, you know what?
You can swallow a live grenade and you still won't blow up
Pickin' up the microphone, you shouldn't dare
It's like being on a Stairmaster, climbin' and goin' nowhere
You're perpetratin' like you're ready and able
But couldn't rock a show if the stage was a cradle
Your rhymes are old as an artifact, and you don't want no part of that
So don't even start it black
Anyone riffin', I show them how I'm livin'
And give them some of that treatment like my man Michael Bivins
I smack em up, flip em and then shove em down
Huh, oh I-ah-ah-I-ah-I-ah-I don't be fuckin' around
To rip this microphone like this today
Since eighty-seven I came a long, long way
To headlinin', all the way from supportin'
And I know you've been watchin' me Norton!
Through my whole rap career, a lot of young, huh
Rappers sat there, and listened, a lot of young, huh
Rappers sat there, and wishin', but
You couldn't see the Kane with X-Ray vision
And just because you didn't see my crew for a few
A lot of people thought the Wolfpack was through
But if you think the Kane and Scoob and Scrap'll breakup
I tell you like Marvin Gaye, "Wake up, wake up, wake up"
Put it to rest, it's best to 'fess
Because the Kane is breakin' rappers like the IRS
And consider this microphone the deceased
Now may it rest in peace
"May you rest in peace"
"May you rest in peace"
"May you rest in peace"
"May you rest in peace"
"May you rest in peace"
"May you rest in peace"
"May you rest in peace"
"If this meaning doesn't manifest, put it to rest!"Embed
Mmmhmm.. right, right
What we have here.. is a collaboration
Of the Big Daddy Kane.. and the Little Daddy Shane
We're gonna send this out to.. all the brothers
And sisters, around the universe
It's a tune.. a tune about unity..
And peace amongst each other
And we're gonna have some fun, peep this
The B-to-the-I-to-the-G-to-the-D
To-the-A-to-the-D-to-the-D-to-the-Y
To-the-K-to-the-A-to-the-N-to-the-E
The Smooth Operator's in the place to be

The L-to-the-I-to-the-L-to-the-D
To-the-A-to-the-D-to-the-D-to-the-Y
To-the-S-to-the-H-to-the-A-N-E
The Little Daddy Shane for the world to see
Rikki Tembo, no Sa Rembo
Italian men, call their girls a bimbo
Puerto Rican men call their girls muchacha
Ask me how I know, cause I'm a girl watcher!
You might also like
Now I must admit that I'm a sensitive guy
Cause I cried on Cooley High when Cochise died
But then again at times I may be a mean fellow
Cause I didn't give a damn about the dog Old Yeller
But I love my brother (and I love him back)
I wish people of the world could be like that
So shake shake y'all (shake y'all) shake y'all (shake y'all)
AND BUST THE MOVE WE MAKE Y'ALL

Brother, brother.. help each other 

I'm not Don Pardo, or Guy Lombardo
I Love Lucy, but I'm not Ricky Ricardo
I'm just a teen titan, that does some mean fightin
Against any sucker MC that's seen bitin

I been through Different World's, gave them all a try
Kadeem is my man, but Jasmine's not my Guy
I wonder if the Kane ever Dawns on Lewis
It's a Sin to be Bad, but somebody's gotta do it
Ashes to ashes and dust to dust (uh-huh)
I can make a nun feel the need for lust (true)
I can make a new car start to rust (uh-huh)
And outrun the dog on the Greyhound bus

For an MC to try to battle me freestylin'
His mind must be somewhere in Fantasy Island
But I guarantee that by the time I'm through
I make him feel about the size of the midget Tattoo
'Cause I love my brother (and I love him back)
And more people of the world should be like that
So swing swing y'all (swing y'all) swing y'all (swing y'all)
CHECK OUT HOW WE DO OUR THING Y'ALL

Brother, brother.. help each other 

Rhymes that I write generate much juice
Not like Dr. Seuss or even Mother Goose
They said I was a child, but then I hit em hard
Yeah it's good to send a boy to do a man's job
Well I'm the Biggest Daddy of the macks and dons
I keep a fleet of women, probably one of them's your moms
A voice so choice that my lips should be bronzed
You got ta give me thumbs up just like the Fonz

Well I'm a new jack from the new school, too cool
But some of the times I get bizarre (word?)
And grab the microphone and catch a spell from Melle Mel
And start to yell, RRRRAHHHHH!

While I'm up on stage I feel that it's my duty
To do somethin fly, to make you shake your booty
Because I add the flavor just like an onion
The type of guy that grows on ya, just like a bunion
But I love you Shane (and I love you Kane)
That's somethin that the whole world needs to gain
So love love y'all (love y'all) love y'all (love y'all)
JUST A LITTLE BIT OF LOVE Y'ALL..
PEACE!Embed
I can't hold back any longer
I can't prolong my feelings for you any more
You know all of a sudden I feel this certain need to..
.. express myself to you
You see before I felt kind of funny to say these kind of things
I mean to be all honest, that is, but now.. hmm..
Well let's just say I'm not ashamed
Now in my lifetime I've been all around the world
(Round and around and around)
From city to city, from state to state
And of course, from girl to girl
(Ooooooooooh-eauuuuuuu-ooooooooooooh)
And I believe that I've played every game in the world
That one man could possibly play (don't play with me baby)
And of all those games, you're the only chip on the table
That's made me feel this way (aiy-yi-yahhhhahhhhhhhhh)
Now I realize that love takes time
And trust is somethin that you have to earn
(Oooooooh, you gotta earn it baby) mmm
Well I'm prepared to give you all of me
But, I need the same in return (ooooooohoooo you know you got it)
These are some things that I've been meaning to say
And for my concealed feelings I've come to realize
That I'm to blame (arrrrrrrrre you sure)
So I have to take a little time out to get together
Now baby, I'm not ashamed
You might also like
Let yourself be free (I'm not ashamed)
Express yourself to me (I'm not ashamed)
Try to make me see (I'm not ashamed)
What sparks would start this flame
Take it nice and slow (I'm not ashamed)
Never let me go (I'm not ashamed)
I want to let you know (I'm not ashamed)
Don't ever feel ashamed

You know just yesterday I portrayed my life as a player
(mmm-hmmm) Looked at every woman as ahhh..
As ahhh.. as just a one night affair
(One night love affair)
Now all of a sudden I feel this change that makes me lonnnng
For some type of commitment (don't you want it)
Nah, since I said _Ain't No Half-Steppin'_ (talk to me)
Aww yeah, I'm with this (c'mon)
And let's become two of a kind, a perfect pair in which
All feelins are the same (c'mon)
All love and respect
And never ever, feeling ashamed

Let yourself be free (I'm not ashamed)
Express yourself to me (I'm not ashamed)
Try to make me see (I'm not ashamed)
What sparks would start this flame
Take it nice and slow (I'm not ashamed)
Never let me go (I'm not ashamed)
I want to let you know (I'm not ashamed)
Don't ever feel ashamed
Let yourself be free (I'm not ashamed)
Express yourself to me (I'm not ashamed)
Try to make me see (I'm not ashamed)
What sparks would start this flame
Take it nice and slow (I'm not ashamed)
Never let me go (I'm not ashamed)
I want to let you know (I'm not ashamed)
Don't ever feel ashamed, talk to me baby!
Huhahhhhhhh, ahhohuhhahahhhh
Ahhh just let yourself be free
Ahhh come on and talk to me
Huahahhahhhhh try to make me see
Ooooohoohoooooh, you see I
I know that you played every game..
Ahh but I love you just the same, hooooh
We'll take it nice and slow yeah
We don't ever have to let it goooooooo
Nooooo yeah, don't you ever feel ashamed, no no!
Let yourself be free (I'm not ashamed)
Express yourself to me (I'm not ashamed)
Try to make me see (I'm not ashamed)
What sparks would start this flame
Take it nice and slow (I'm not ashamed)
Never let me go (I'm not ashamed)
Wanna let you know (I'm not ashamed)
Don't ever feel ashamed sugar
Let yourself be free (I'm not ashamed)
Express yourself to me (I'm not ashamed)
Try and make me see (I'm not ashamed)
What sparks would start this flame
Take it nice and slow (I'm not ashamed)
Never let me go (I'm not ashamed)
I want to let you know (I'm not ashamed)
Don't ever feel ashamedEmbed

(instrumental)
"R-A-W"
"The B-I-G-D-A-Double D-Y-K-A-N-E"
"Let it roll, get bold"
"Settin' it off, lettin' it off"
"Come, get some"
"The wrath of Kane"
"This is a world premiere, I'm here"

Nobody move, nobody get hurt
And I won't have to do no-body work
The minute I come on stage and take position
A demolition, where rappers catch a bad decision, huh
I start to swingin' it, puttin' my bad thing in it
Soon as I start flingin' it, girls'll start clingin' it
People'll start singin' it, noise oh I'm bringin' it
To show and to prove to the people
The man that really is the king in it
Cause I take the cake like Hostess
No, not the one you wanna play high post with
Warm it up Kane, warm as a snorkel
Snatch the microphone and do a nigga somethin' awful
I give him the rhythm-a-jazz pizzazz finesse and yet
The flavor to jam and slam the land
I flip the script like nobody can
It's like they lack the crowd to get live
And raw from all the brothers who smothered the mic
They're frank with force, cause you know, Kane comes off
See me and the mic go together like neighbors
And if that's too fast, here's a slower flavor
You see.. I.. am.. the.. man.. to.. stand.. top.. brand..
No.. band.. at.. hand.. and.. yes I can can, yes I can can
Rip the microphone to shreds
Buck buck, rough and tough, and a little bit ragamuffin
For havin' a rapper that try to battle will stress me
You shouldn't address me cause you can't impress me
So don't test me, boy, I say you better move over
Yeah, yeah, huh
Many people tried to say I fell off
He went R&B, now his rap is all soft
But if you say that on stage, I'll prove you wrong
And wax that ass, rappin' off a love song
Cause with the street in all battles I'm still hard
Like a mallet, servin' competition like salad
I'm gonna give you some damn good advice G
Break out, before there be some sugar honey iced tea
Cause now you're comin' in the danger zone
There no man, can withstand, or hold his own
I burn a rapper so bad that it bruise
Even if you put a condom on the mic that I use
That won't protect ya, I still can effect ya
Cause I flip the script, like a movie director
I'm makin' the non-believers believe what I'm dishin' up
And people that's still fans, will be air conditioners
Why golly gee, I'm the hypest
The power to maintain, and sustain, cause I'm righteous
In other words, by knowledge and degrees
You gotta say God bless, and I don't mean when I sneeze
A black man, you know I got, soul
For rockin' the track and sparkin' the mic that I hold
Not just been flowin for the fellas so for the ladies
I didn't forget you.. mwah *kiss sound*
A lot of rappers today, know how to flow
Also, a lot of amateurs turned pro
But if I ask for the mic at your show
Aiyyo, I think you better let it go!
Cause I go in a rage on stage
The rap it never stops til I get my props
And if you don't know my style, well look here my friend
You saw Faces of Death? Hehe yeah yeah aight then
I'm tryin' to tell my competition the scoop
That I'm breakin' down, any soloist or group
And even though, some of them try to play souped
When I come on stage, they spread they wings like Troop
And fly away, cause I don't play
I slay, okay, okay?
The king of combat, my competition scat
Pockets stay fat, oh hells yeah, I'm all that
The one they like to follow, bite and borrow
Lock into my style, just like a Rottweiler
So you wanna know the meaning of hardcore?
Looks like a job for...
You might also like
Big Daddy, Big Daddy
Big Daddy, Big DaddyEmbed

My, my, my, yes, I must admit
That I have never knew love like this before
And I adore everything about you
I do mean every part of
For meeting someone this beautiful, have mercy
I wanna kiss ya, father
You're the kinda girl I wanna get closer to
Become the most to you like love is supposed to do
Cuz I fell straight into your trap
And since they say love is blind, I'm the Ray Charles of rap
And I'm waiting for you to put me in your mix
Because ya got my nose open like a jar of Vicks
I'll be your king, baby, you can be my queen
Uh, let's stay together like Al Green because

All my love is all I have
And my dreams are very special
All my life I looked for you
And today my dreams come true
You need me and I need you
Love in us is very special
Things you seem to do divine
You look straight into my eyes
Oh, our love was meant to be
Cause our souls touch tenderly
Love is life and life is living very special
You might also like
Well I must admit that you know how to treat a woman
Don't stop your love, like Keith Sweat, keep it comin'
And our relationship won't ever get dull
Because you're always on my mind even more than my own skull
You're always givin' me respect and chivalry
And I can't wait for your enticing delivery
Staying together is a must
Those Tropicana drinks don't blend as good as us
We were made for each other, meant for one another
Neither one of us needs another lover
And just so it can stay that way
Yo, I'm on your side like Jennifer Holiday because

All my love is all I have
And my dreams are very special
All my life I looked for you
And today my dreams come true
You need me and I need you
Love in us is very special
Things you seem to do divine
You look straight into my eyes
Oh, our love was meant to be
Cause our souls touch tenderly
Love is life and life is living very special
I talk the macho talk but keep my real feelings hidden
But what about that "Pimpin' Ain't Easy" stuff? Aw, I was just kiddin'
Cause if we unite, baby, I'd do ya right
Well I hope you meant that mushy stuff you told Barry White
Because I think I know you well enough to be understood
Well let's talk about sex, babe No, not that good
But Spinderella, yes, Miss, I'll still persist
Well since you put it like that Daddy, then we can do this

All my love is all I have
And my dreams are very special
All my life I looked for you
And today my dreams come true
You need me and I need you
Love in us is very special
Things you seem to do divine
You look straight into my eyes
Oh, our love was meant to be
Cause our souls touch tenderly
Love is life and life is living very special

I wanna give ya my love
Cuz you're the only one I'm thinking of
I wanna give my love
Cuz you're the only one I'm thinking of
I wanna give ya my love
Cuz you're the only one I'm thinking ofEmbed
I'm about as bad as you can get
Comin' from Bed-Stuy, that's where they do or die
Forget about the lions and tigers and bears, oh my
It's not a fairy tale, a myth, it's a musical uplift
And I'm the wrong one to mess with
I roll on rappers like a Cherokee, bake 'em up merrily
Just like the cooks at Sara Lee
Erase, replace, disgrace, and chase, unlace your face
And place a neck brace, about-face
And get to steppin', because my lethal weapon
Is blowin' too fast, while you're slow as Catherine Hepburn
What you need is a little more speed, style and flavor
But it still wouldn't save ya
So to the rear, step off and let the man flex
Cuz I can hang tighter to the groove than spandex
I snatch the mic whith grace, always with a plan
And Cee'll cut the recored up like Edward Scissorhands
Rock the soul shack, I can't hold back
Four years standin' and I still got the knack
Cuz I remember when I first did it
The comments that were goin' around from the next critic
Like "Yeah, he sound alright, but still will he hold?"
And now my black ass is still here like Billy Joel
One hip-hopper that don't have to sound proper
My broken English you can still distinguish
And I don't have no image or no gimmicks
And I don't have no bounds or no limits
The Kane'll keep goin', and growin', and flowin'
And showin' any MC, I got the best finesse to manifest
Cuz I pull cards like some type of retard
Hittin' MCs hard, and any other Rass Claaad
I'm the predator to any competitor
Scorchin' and damagin' and stompin' et cetera
And any MC that tries to test me
I'm swellin' up his jaws mor than Dizzy Gillespie
Crushin' all dreams you thought were possible
I turn into nightmares you have in the hospital
I couldn't count the rappes I be servin'
If defeat was sex, huh, I'd be a virgin
My match ain't been found, movin' around, breakin' 'em down
Where the ground, never the clown, how that sound?
Don't get gassed, cuz boy you won't last
So take your crippled rhymes and put 'em in a cast
You're too pathetic, bring in a paramedic
To heal your sick rhymes, cuz man, you ain't poetic
You're just a cheap little hooker
And I gotta overlook a MC that's wack
You little bogger
And stand clear of the mic that I'm grippin'
As I'm rippin' and flippin' and whippin' and strippin'
And chippin' and dippin' and dippin'
And get your jury and a good defendant
Cuz I'm servin' a death sentence...You might also likeEmbed
Ahhh
Check, check it out
Come on down, come on down, come on down, come on down
Come on down, come on down, come on down, come on down
Come on down, come on down, come on down, come on down

Come on down, come on down, come on down, come on down
(Well, here I come)
Come on down, come on down, come on down, come on down
(Ayo, Kane, give 'em some)

When I'm in motion it's just like the flow of the ocean
The weight of the words swerve and curve
My style flexes bigger than the state of Texas
Quick as a Lamborghini, smooth as a Lexus
I guess that makes me the top of the line
Oh yes I'm the most prime of all time
Cause as soon as I pick up the mic and begin
And the lyrics just start to flowing
Ahem ahem, coughing couldn't stop me from going
On with the rapture, so that I capture your mind
With state of the art music made to adapt to
To knowledge the God on the groove
Because when my tongue moves, I just love that I'm smooth
Do it with these and in times I leave reas
To give em a little of the flavor that please
As I'm schooling the rule in pursuing and doing and
Reigning again and the gunning and stunning and
Thrilling and chilling, collecting the rent and
Jammin and slammin and damn it's
Too much for one mind to comprehend
A pure blend, the way that I make words mend
And, the way that I be doin rappers in
Michael Bivins couldn't make these Boyz II Men
I display, somethin verbally, capable to murder the
Average MC, the tough ones I'll burn third degree
And if you're thinkin that I'm takin a beating
You're sure to see the Pink Panther speakin'
You might also like
Come on down, come on down, come on down, come on down
(Well, here I come)
Come on down, come on down, come on down, come on down
(Q-Tip, just give 'em some!!!)

I'm a native New Yorker, I pitch a lot of porker
When I get my ride, I be the grill squawker
Tip's a smooth talker, I love Alice Walker
So get off the dillz and step back you little hawker
Better yet, you hooker, you wanna show I book ya
The highest way I took ya, is you's a good looker
Queens is residential, I make the presidentials
Over instrumentals, I utilize the mentals
First saw Big Daddy at the place called Union Square-a
If you went in by yourself it was a terror
See, I could do that cause my crew is kinda phat
Outside we had the toolies, out West, you call em gats
It's that, oh thanks, chat, well let me drop some more shit
Bring your bats and balls and please don't forfeit
Cause you won't get away, your status will be stank
You can ride with me G I'm goin to the bank
To meet up with Kane, up on Dollar Lane
You get the idea, cause page times is near
So rappers see they bug cause they really can't handle
Position for the rapping, cause some of them be slackin'
Not in this corner, for we block out the devil
The three different flavors, you know we on the level
Come on down, come on down, come on down, come on down
(Uh, here I come)
Come on down, come on down, come on down, come on down
(Busta Rhymes, won't you give 'em some)

Check it out, uh!
As I come down and get dumb
This roughneck, swingin' all over the drum
Swimmin in the, track, retaliatin thorough is how I react
Busta Rhymes will attack
As you feel the pain, bass kick impacts to the brain
Got a mega, mega migraine
What up, to the Big Daddy and Tip
My trip, flip the rhyme, then I dip
Hey, hip-hop, rude, bust a interlude
Wack be up on the stage getting booed
This structure it takes, bust the angle of three different flavors
On a young raider choc well that's my vocal fader
Keep my volume on extra boom!
All the vains in my neck symbolizes that I want room
Word up, uh! Here I am, damn
Dragon slayer stackin layer after layer
This jam will be ran while the record flim flam
Wiggle your front pram, to the runnin man
Sam, Busta, Rhyme, comin on time
L.O.N.S. D, rip a new design
Flavor one, taste the unborn baby
Flip before you move or catch a bad one, baby
Chiggy change chump, the over sized puff
Busta pump you and the love, and then I rump
Emotional stare point, for the wild
Busta buckwild musically direct from Strong Isle
Unload, catch you like smell later
Dig on your taste of the third flavor, rrrarrrRHHH
RAARRRRH! Direct from the lungs of the dragon, uh!5Embed
Set it off Kane (go, go) get busy (go, go) 

Who's that smooth fellow flowin to this tune?
 Back so soon?
The fact is, I never left
Cause I'm everlastin and my rhymes keep blastin
Soon as I pick up the pen and relate it to paper
That's the beginning
And for you Filthy McNasty MC's, that's the ending
Cause when I grab the microphone just like a gun
You know them doo-run-run-run, them doo-run-run
Heh, I'm not your ordinary lyricist
None'll compare at this, as far as raps, pssh
I'm takin care of this
I work the stage like a slavehand
And keep the girls screamin' just like Captain Caveman
I did shows at the same arena that held Ike and Tina
And the Chi-Lites, song have you seein her
Puttin' me on after Jennifer Holiday, ain't no thing
Because I still come off, after the fat lady sings
 

Here we go, Shalamar style
That means the Second Time Around so pump the sound
As I progress to bless the mic and strike the stage
Enraged arouse the crowd to jump and pump their fists
And twist their waists with grace and clap and snap
And move and groove cause I'm still, so, smooth
If you compare the Big Daddy to a Caddy
I'd be an Allante, suave as Belafonte
Interplanetary and extraordinary (hmm, what about poetic?)
Mmm, very!
I've even heard it said that I was the ultimate
Welllll.. maybe just a little bit
And competition I'll explain to them
That this don't even pertain to them
To try to flow like this will crack your cranium
So to the rear and let the Prince of Darkness spark this
Like a vampire, bloodthirsty, uhh, have mercy
You might also like 

As we enter into the third half, for this paragraph
I wanna take all of the people that's leaping along with this tune
To another plateau they never been too -- as I continue
With somethin funky to get into
Give me a James Brown, Funkadelic, or Prince beat
And watch me turn the microphone to minced meat
I tear the roof off the mother as soon as my lips pucker
Cause I'm a bad mother *TWEET!!*
 
I'm a baaaad man!Embed
It ain't hard to tell
The flow of the Kane is movin em real well
I build and excel and plus I rap like hell
Lyrics generate, break through and penetrate
Connect like an interstate, now let me demonstrate
I grab the microphone and put the dap in quick
You start to tappin and snappin and clappin
Then rappin'll happen
And then I display, poetry, the right way
And rock the Gladys Knight to the next Morris Day
I get sexy like Marvin Gaye
And other times, I might wanna hit em hard and say
Somethin exquisite and clever like a wizard
Hit em like a blizzard if you missed it
Turn to your friend and say, "What is it?"
Or what was it, because it, was too fast for you to bust it
So pay attention to how the Smooth Operator does it
Just acknowledge the sound
Get on the good foot.. UHH, and get down

Look
The thought of competition, I don't have the faintest
Cause if I'm correct, I kicked them all in the anus
So I don't care if you step to me in three flocks
The men that's all pumped up like Reeboks
Cause I bring down the swelling, just like alcohol
Makin em all fall like the Berlin Wall
Then I apply pain just like a migraine
Pssssh, man, don't even try Kane
A lyrical catastrophe, a disaster see
Nobody gets on after me
Crushin MC's is how I get my joy
So when one tries to battle I'm like, hoo boy
Class in session as I give the lesson
To prove to another rapper that I rule in his profession
And it's nothin new, that the Kane is your ruler
Cause back in the days I used to call you Sundullah
Now it's a new time period, rappers are still fearin it
And the crowd is still cheerin
With the new Black Ceaser that came to town
With one purpose - to make you get down
You might also like
I start to flow, slow, and then ohh no
I gotta pick up the pace and go
Go relatin and statin what I'm creatin to straighten MC's
That I'm debatin terminatin as the Kane keeps them evadin
So step over, cause ain't no leftover
Remains from the Kane I drained the last brain
Speak like Oprah, attack like a cobra
Turn your whole year into a _Red October_
Lyrics are sweet like struddel, at the same time brutal
Your rhymes remind me of the noodle in umm
CHOP SUEY, soft and chewy
My rhymes are kickin like Bruce, you're just Hong Kong Fooey
So +Enter the Dragon+ as I start to raggin
All the competition that's on the bandwagon
I take the groove around around around around around
Around, so get down

Yo, get out your seat and jump to this
Throw your hands in the air and pump your fists
The name of the jam is get down so let me see you do it
And show some unity in music
We gotta show our young ones the right way
To avoid crucial poison and the price they might pay
So I keep on teachin the children to follow the
Power Equality, Allah C Equality, PEACE
..
Mister Cee, you gotta get down and uh
Scoob Lover, you gotta get down and uh
Scrap Lover, you gotta get down and uh
Big Fahl, you gotta get down and my man
Jay-Z, you gotta get down and
Positive K, you gotta get down and
To my man Music Mike, you gotta get down
And to my man Larry, you gotta get down
And to my man Ant Live, you gotta get down
And to my man Big Chuck, you gotta get down
And I can't forget Rog, you gotta get down
And to my man Danny, you gotta get down
And to my main man Sauce, you gotta get down
And to my man Bobby V, you gotta get down
And to my cousin '95, you gotta get down
To my brother the Lil' Daddy, you gotta get down
And to my man Tyrone, you gotta get down
And if I didn't say your name you can STILL get downEmbed
Enquiring minds wanna know, did the champ retire?
So here I am, boomin' like an amplifier
I clear my throat, then I float like a boat
Note for note, what I wrote you can't quote or even tote
Raps are too heavy, sharp like a machete
Pass the microphone, 'cause Kane is all ready
Grippin' to play the part to prove that I'm in command
The biggest Daddy of 'em all, and oh, Kane stands for
King Asiatic, nobody's equal
Or non-equivalent, or natural ebony
Or now effective, or never ever
Pick your definition and put it together
'Cause it still comes out tastin' like chocolate
With a finesse MCs never got with
'Cause none of them want me to touch the mic first
They know that it only takes Kane one verse
So here's the microphone, show me what you can do
And, uh, wake me up when you're through
Just so I can go and flow and throw a blow
To show a pro and let 'em all know
That any MC trying to be this lyrical
Should go ask Smokey Robinson for a miracle
I wouldn't let a rapper go one round
I'm knockin' them down just like Jim Brown
So Mister Cee, let the music play
And here's what I want y'all to say
You might also like
Ooh (C'mon), ah (C'mon)
Na-na-na, na-na (C'mon like you should)
Ooh (C'mon), ah (C'mon)
Na-na-na, na-na (Uh)
Ooh (Ooh), ah (Ah)
Na-na-na, na-na (Sing that song)
Ooh (C'mon), ah (C'mon)
Na-na-na, na-na

Here's a rap avalanche, MCs travel and
Run-run for shelter, 'cause they don't have a chance
Any MC caught talkin' out of turn
I straighten 'em out just like a perm
Now let's take a second, just to recollect it
Give a little shout to the rappers that's out
Like all the East Coast MCs of today
From Run-DMC on down to Kid 'n Play
The ladies like Salt-N-Pepa to Latifah
Who showed the power of a woman and me a believer
Now backtrack with the musical jewel
And say peace to the old school
And all praises due to the L.A. crew
You put your state on the map and kept bringin' rap through
I can't forget the brothers that's down in Miami
You're still 2 Live if you never get a Grammy
'Cause personally I feel who really needs that stuff
If you ask me, it's just a bunch of makeup
There's a lot of Caucasian kids that don't even know me
'Cause every Billy and Joey is in love with David Bowie
I guess I used the wrong tools in my rhymes
'Cause when I nailed my clock, it didn't say "Hammer Time"
That's not a diss to my Oaktown friend
That's tellin' you how it is in the musical biz
'Cause I make sure that every rapper in the industry
Becomes a friend of me
And Mister Cee, let the music play
And here's what I want y'all to say
Ooh (Ooh), ah (Ah)
Na-na-na, na-na (Na-na-na)
Ooh (C'mon), ah (C'mon)
Na-na-na, na-na (C'mon, won't ya come on?)
Ooh (Ooh), ah (Ah)
Na-na-na, na-na (Sing that song)
Ooh, ah
Na-na-na, na-naEmbed
Hmm yeah, this sound kinda funky, this sound real funky
I'mma get busy on this, man, with ehm, let's see -
Like 8 bars, then I want you to come in with a scratch -
{DJ Mister Cee:}
What? nah man, we ain't havin that!
Just trip, I'm tired of every record we do
I got to be jiggin-jiggin this, jiggin-jiggin that
You know what I'm saying?
Yo, it's time for me to get busy on the mic by myself
On the solo tip, you know what I'm sayin?
So yo, step back and let me show you how a real DJ rocks
As I kick it like this:
{DJ Mister Cee:}
A DJ gets no damn credit
Don't look at me funny, Kane cause, yeah, I said it
I'm always in the background
Supplyin the sound, but my props is yet to be found
Besides, when you're kickin a rap
The only other people you can see is Scoob and Scrap
So y'all get the girls, okay
But I bet you wasn't gettin skins scratchin for Shante
And the first time a record skips
You catch an attitude and always tryin to flip
Now ain't that a bitch
I swear one of these days I'm gonna pull the power switch
Cause I'm always breakin my neck
10 in the mornin you were sleepin on my sound check
And when it's time for the show
I'm supposed to go (Big Daddy) (hell no)
Am I a man or a machine?
Or just a fat kid who don't supposed to be seen?
Don't you know you wouldn't be so amazin
If I wasn't helpin you out, you black raisin
And you got the nerve and try to complain
Makin a record sayin 'it's hard bein the Kane'
Hmm, but all you gotta do is rap
Try carryin some console cases on your back
Well, I'm through with breakin my neck
Until you learn to show your DJ some respect
Because without me you'd be butt-naked
So from now on, spin your own damn records
Now put your weight on that shit here
Yeah (yeah) (x5)
I'm outta hereYou might also likeEmbed
Manslaughter, walkin' on water
I stay afloat with a note, the way a boat oughta
I'm too poetically inclined, one of a kind
True and divine, the genuine, breakin' a bond and gettin' mine
So freeze, I'm makin' it flow with ease
And droppin' the funkiest lyrics that ever been known to MCs
'Cause I can recite it fast, or even rap slow
Huh, man I can just talk and my shit'll flow
Because I mastered the rhythm, so when a lyric hit 'em
Just the flow itself'll tell you that I did 'em
So let the K-to-the-A-to-the-N-to-the-E
Show you the meaning of real harmony as I float

Float, float on
Float on, float on
Float, float on
Float on, float on (Peep this)

I'm always on the down-low, smooth and mild
But when it's time to get wild, huh, you know my style
I drop lyrics wham-bam by the gram
On a jam and goddamn
It's like a disaster that nobody goes after
Rappers turn ghost like Casper
'Cause battlin' me, you'd only meet your fate
You'd probably come out better tryin' to fight in Kuwait
To be smart would be not to start
Not even The Wiz can give you that much heart
Rap is like an art, and man, you know
That kind of makes me like Michelangelo
Not to sound conceited, either to boast with what I said
'Cause I'm too modest to ever lose my level head
But if I ever got bold and said I'm higher
I can give more reasons than Earth, Wind & Fire
Many follow in the footsteps, tryin' to get a rep
Off a lover and a smooth Black brother
But I'm knockin' imitators out the box
Because you couldn't copy Kane if your name was Xerox
I'm like the God in light, some of my writing might
Be too much for your mind to explode like dynamite
And if it sounds good to you then, get on it, doggone it
Capture this like a Kodak moment as I float
You might also like
Float, float on
Float on, float on
Float, float on
Float on, float on

In this third verse, I'm makin' sure mentals
See the way that you serve rap's like a death penalty
So back up off me, ain't nobody stoppin' Kane
I'm shittin' on rappers like I never been potty trained
That means defeatin', deletin' and beatin'
While all the tenderonis I'll be meetin' and greatin' are treatin'
And welcome to a new Terrordome
When I come to roam, you know daddy's home
Rhymes come at you full powered with might
They call in the SWAT team when I start to write
And declared my lyrics illegal weapons in every state
So I can get five to ten for carryin' a Paper Mate
Just a little bitty taste of this'll burn so bad
You'll wanna call me the Big Daddy Inferno
So don't even think about a battle, I sail without a paddle
In other words, I float

Float, float on
Float on, float on
Float, float on
Float on, float onEmbed
Swing, you get up and dance and do your own thing
Cause I got the groove to make your eardrums ring
And I bring this, to all the party people that demand most
Funky as Parliament, smooth as Luther Vandross
I wouldn't present myself to you as somethin that sound nervous
You want it to be live, so here it is at your service
The B the I the G the D-A-double-D-Y
And when it comes to rippin the mic, oh my oh my oh my
I guarantee you by time I'm through
You gotta give me more props than a Motown Revue
And if you thinkin this groove would ever come to an end
Hah, not from a hair off my chinny chin chin
 
For you to groove with it
You've got to move with it
Here's what you do with it
Now it's on you, kick it

Don't ya don't ya don't ya don't ya want
To feel jubilation, a musical vibration
Instead of the feel of paranoia
Thinkin to ride or break out and someone'll floor ya
Good grief, another beef at a concert
The rappers are gettin a rep behind the people that's gettin hurt
The way the fights at the shows are happenin
You might as well let Mike Tyson start rappin
You see we have to realize the main factor
Is to have peace and let the violence cease
So don't throw your fists up, unless you're gonna pump em
In the air, and scream oh yeah, youknowhatI'msayin?
You might also like 

Check the lyrics that's flowin right over the tongue like a machete
My silk drawers are sweaty so you know the Kane is ready
To go to work and my job for the evening
Is to pick up the microphone and rap to relieve them
The party society, groovin in a high anxiety
There's dancers by the variety, so go 'head and try it G
As I do body work like Midas
And I can remove the slightest, case of arthritis
Or even rhumabotosis as I heal you with the rhythm
Cause the remedy for the party people standin around is ummm
Dancin and havin a ball
So live life like Michael Jackson, Off the Wall
And wiggle your bodyparts, and start to party hard
Lettin the rhythm run through like a trolley car
Here's a sound you can get into
Uhh, and now it's on you
 
Right right
Now just hold on for a second baby
I gotta put my shades on for this
Yeah, we gonna keep this here broken down for a while
And just toss it up like a French salad, yaknahmsayin?
Umm, aiyyo Bob I need you to pump that bass to the FULLEST
Hold on Mike, we gonna get to you in a second
Bret Lover I need you over here on the side of me for a minute
Ahh, I want you to get a little piece of this here, okay baby?
Groove
Groove with it (36X)Embed
One-fifty-eight Lewis Avenue
Between Lafayette and Van Buren, that was back during
The days of hangin on my Bed-Stuy block
With Spence and Mitch, followin my cousin Murdoch
All the brothers were real, goin for what they feel
By the way, peace to my man Sha and Big Neal
Now in ninety-three I'm still bein me
You think my 'fridgerator ain't full of Olde E?  Huh
A lot of times I get fly with a suit and a tie
Yeah I went from rags to riches but I still rock the saggy britches
And I don't try to act brand new
Eatin escargots and usin words like "rendezvous"
The ghetto life I've seen a lot overcome
Make a little money and then forget where they came from
Livin a plastic lifestyle, you're more false than dentures
Don't make me pull your file -- stop shammin!

"Stop, hold-up, pause, wait" (2X)
Stop shammin!

So why you wanna be what you're not?
And claim to have things that you know you ain't got
You're just a fantasizer -- spendin all your money
On Luster's pink oil moisturizer
Just to make your hair curly and thin
You say, "Black is beautiful," but then you go and bleach your skin
Money you're worse than Yacub
Cause there are eight stages of graft and you broke down to two
Plus you got a bad case of jungle fever
And nmmana-nah-nah I just can't believe ya
It's quite obvious you don't wanna be a black man
So what's next - you're gonna join the Klu Klux Klan?
You sold out to your race and it's a big disgrace
You can't look your own people in the face
You wonder why it ain't no black schools or hospitals
You're makin millions of dollars and it's pitiful
That you can donate to leukemia all the time
But you can't give the Nation of Islam a dime
They mention Muslims, you change the subject
You can't even shake Farrakhan hand in public
That whole busy attitude is a sham
Umm bro, umm brother, umm.. Brougham, stop shammin!
You might also like
"Stop, hold-up, pause, wait" (2X)
"Change the groove and fuck it up a little bit"

I look in the mirror, at times I say, "Damn Black Caesar;
How'd you get to be the woman pleaser?"
Cause I remember when girls didn't notice me
And now they wanna Come and Talk To Me like Jodeci
It's strange, how back in the days I couldn't get with em
Now all of a sudden the honies they wanna give me rhythm
Well I'ma hit it, but still I show no pity
So I hope you don't think you gonna be in my next video
And many brothers I never even ran with
Be actin like they been hangin with me since I was a kid
I mean just to get a piece of the action
Man they start rememberin more times than Michael Jackson
But I can't fade to the tag-alongs
That want me to drag em on
Frontin like a friend just so I can put em in
But you cuttin yourself paper thin - stop shammin!

"Stop, hold-up, pause, wait" (2X)
And I'm outEmbed
Take it from the man that does it real smooth
All that, "Yo baby yo baby," it's.. it's-it's-it's not the move
You gotta treat em with respect, never neglect
Try to protect, most of all, project some intellect
Present yourself all proper is important if you truly do want her
So be a gentlemen, and be in her corner
Make her feel like the most
For example -- forget Goodfellas, and take her to see Ghost
Wine and dine under candlelight
Make the mood right tonight while the stars are bright
Then hop in the hot tub and start to rub her on her back
Tssssh, yeah they like that
Satisfaction guaranteed
We gotta give the woman what she need
These days, they don't be fallin for no phony Casanova
Since they started watchin Oprah
So even if it's not your style
Open the door for them once in a while
Even buyin them some flowers don't hurt
Yeah it sounds old fashioned.. but it works!
Conversation, good communication
Only makes things better in a relation
Cause if you keep watchin the game every week
You might find out your wife's gettin dunked by Dominique
And that can be so upsettin
So try a little Tenderness like Otis Redding
Put the gangster approach on pause
And I dedicate this to you and yours
You might also likeThis is for the lover in you
The lover in you, babe, the lover in you (2X)

Now, what I'm gonna do to keep the flame warm
Is sing a better love song than Jeffrey Osborne
Serenade a double, what I mean is a couple
That might wanna hug and snuggle and then kiss and say I love you
Cause I think it's best to get a little affectionate
Matter of fact fellas, I would suggest you give
Your woman the treatment of a queen and supply her
With some of that Babyface routine, know what I mean?
T-E-N-D-E-R L-O-V-I-N-G C-A-R-E
You figure that out, and keep it in mind
While I bring the chorus back for ya one more time
This is for the lover in you
The lover in you, babe, the lover in you (2X)
(One two three!)

I wanna do somethin' freaky to you
Take you to a level that you never been to
Cause no one knows where the nose goes
When the doors close, so take off your pantyhose
I wanna see you moan and groan as I nibble
On your bodily parts as I proceed to jump your bones
And put your feet up here my dear
So I can lick upon your toes until your Revlon disappear
The passion between will be so incredible
As I prove that a woman is edible
So if you're game for havin a ball
Ladies, I send this out to y'all
This is for the lover in you
The lover in you, babe, the lover in you (4X)
This is for the lover in you..Embed
Question.. what has he done, for you lately?
Tell me.. do y'all go for walks on the beach?
I just wanna know, if you had dinner at the pond
Or the drive-through at Mickey D's
You say the last movie y'all saw was _Jaws_? Mmm
Well never fear baby, the Big Daddy is here
I come up upon the scene to romance thee
With a little bit of T.L.C. to tickle your fancy
Give you protection, warmth and affection
Make sure you never feel any rejection
Without a doubt, I admire you, I have a desire to
Be a more better man prior to
Your past relationships, you've been datin
With all the wrong gentlemen, I'm more sentimental
In my own little way so (HEY!)
Whattaya say about givin a play okay?
Cause I'm not here to impress you, I wanna caress you
Posess you and bless you, nevertheless
To make you feel secure, and real sure
Mon cheri amore, pretty woman I adore
Don't shed a tear never fear my dear I'll be there
Anywhere with some Tender Lovin Care
Chorus: repeat 2X
You might also likeJust a little bit of T.L.C
Tender Lovin Care you'll get from me
Just a little bit of T.L.C
Tender Lovin Care is what you need

In the beginning I only wanted to be your friend
But then..
It may sound strange, but my feelings started to change
And now I wanna sustain..
Somethin more closer, give you the most of my love
And my time and respect as opposed to
Sayin she's "Just a Friend"
I may sound like Biz, but you know what time it is
I want us to be together and benevolent
With reverance to give you the best relationship there ever been
So consider me as as as as as a-a-as your lover
Damn baby, you make me stutter
But I'm still able to, clearly say to you
Things that I feel *smooch* and kiss your navel too
Givin much T.L.C
As I make love to you constantLY
Chorus

May I?
He ever treat you with the
Proper amount of chivalry, would be so, mmmm
Break!
* just the drums for a bit *
Bass!
* bassline comes for a bit *
* music by itself comes in, then.. *

I hope to form a special thing that we can cherish
Everlasting, it won't perish
Establish a special thing that's based on love
And trust, in other words, it's all about us
You won't have to ever search for Tender Lovin Care
Cause for you I got it right here
You'll never find none greater
Sincerely yours
The Smooth Operator
ChorusEmbed

"Bring that beat back, bring that beat back!"
"We gonna do a song, that you heard before"
"I'm comin'"
"I'm comin'"
"I'm comin'"

Here I am, R-A-W
A terrorist, here to bring trouble to
Phony emcees, I move on and seize
I just conquer and stomp another rapper with ease
Cause I'm at my apex and others are below
Nothing but a milliliter, I'm a kilo
Second to none, making emcees run
So don't try to step to me, cause I ain't the one
I relieve rappers, just like Tylenol
And they know it, so I don't see why you all
Try to front, perpetratin' a stunt
When you know that I'll smoke you up like a blunt
I'm genuine like Gucci, raw like sushi
To stage a rage is what rap did to me
To make me want to create, chaos and mayhem
Cold rock a party, until the A.M
I'll make a muscle, grab the mic and hustle
While you stand dazed and amazed, I bust a
Little rhyme with authority, superiority
And captivate the whole crowd's majority
The rhymes I use definitely amuse
Better than Dynasty, or Hill Street Blues
I'm sure to score adored for more without a flaw
Cause I get raw
You might also like
"R-A-W"
"R-A-W"
"R-A-W"
"R-A-W"

Attack, react, exact, the mack'll move you with
A strong song as long as you groove to this
I keep the crowd loud when you're hyped
Do damage on stage and injure the mic
As I shoot the gift, emcees stand stiff
While my rhymes stick to you like Skippy and Jif
Feel my blunt fist, or my death kiss
The rap soloist - you don't want none of this
Supreme in this era, I reign with terror
When I grab the mic, believe you're gonna hear a
Fascinating rhyme, as I enchant them
So let's all sing the Big Daddy anthem
Go with the flow, my rhymes grow like an afro
An entertaining gain, the Kane'll never no
Problem, I could sneeze sniffle or cough
Eeee-even if I stutter I'ma still come off
Cause rappers can't understand the mics I rip
They sho' nuff ain't equipped, that's why they got flipped
But my apparatus is up to status
Don't ask who the baddest, or cause static
To make or break or take em, my rhymes hit the head
Put it to bed, so watch what's said
Save the bass for the piper, rearrange your tone
Take a loss and be forced from the danger zone
I get ill and kill at will
Teachin' a skill that's real, yeah, no frill
Just stand still and chill as I build
Science I drill until my rhymes fill your head up
"R-A-W" - don't even get up
Competition shut up, cause I'm raw
"Hit me!"
"Hit me!"
"Hit me!"
"Hit me!"
"Hit me!"
"Hit me!"
"Hit me!"
"Hit me!"

The man at hand to rule and school to teach and reach
The blind to find their way from A to Z
And be the most and boast the loudest rap again
To reign your domain (Yeah, Kane!)
The heat is on, so feel the fire
Come off the empire, all the more higher
Level of depth, one step beyond dope
The suckers all scope and hope to cope but nope
Cause I never let em on top of me
I play em out like a game of Monopoly
Let em speed around the board like an astro
Then send em to jail for tryin to pass Go
Shakin em up, breakin em up, takin no stuff
But it still ain't loud enough
So let the volume increase, never to cease
I'ma release a masterpiece a slip of the tongue like grease
Rippin' the mic to shreds, puttin' heads to bed
Code red cause the rhymes is bein' said
By the Asiatic printer of raw poetry
No hints or clues, you all know it's me
I go pound for pound and round for round to clown the sound
Profound it's bound to go down, ugh
A lyrical knockout, showin' I got clout
My comp should just drop out
Cause none of them can see me
I leave em whinin' like their name was BeBe or CeCe
I get rawEmbed
Give it here... uhh
Mic testing one two
Right about now I wanna have a little fun with this
And just talk a little bit of junk ya know
Be-because it's OK, ya know, it's OK to brag and boast
From time to time, ain't nothin wrong with that
So I'm gonna have a little fun with it
Check the Prince of Darkness y'all, here we go

Four times for your mind the poetically inclined
Genuine and divine can still climb
When you thought that I wouldn't go the length
But I cut my cameo and I still got strength
So make room cause I'm sweepin up like a broom
Cause I'm the straight up wholly original yeah that's right mmm hmm
To be blunt and lay my cards on the table
You'll be Gone With the Wind for messin with Dark Gable
In comes the era of the chocolate types
Like your Bobby Brown, Aaron Hall and Wesley Snipes
Including myself in the cipher the Big Daddy Kane is a part of it
AKA, your prince of darkness

When it comes to the girls they know the program
Cause when I get through it's pure Silence of the Lambs
So ladies grab a hand and join the caravan
That's bein ran by the hoochie cooche man
Then don't miss a breath of my kiss of death
An A plus in lust while your boyfriend is a F
I come tellin you Tales From the Darkside
And seperate the men from their women like Apartheid
You say am I a, vam-pire
That will react to ya just like Blacula
But when I say Prince of Darkness I don't mean a bloodsucker
I'm talkin about a black lover
So mysterious and serious the women are curious
So when I walk inside of a place it's like "Ooh, there he is!"
But slow down, there's enough of me to go 'round
Huh, I'm givin girls more Temptations than Motown
And tonight's the night for me to get right
And give girls the feeling of love at first bite
So here's a lesson of what the don art is
Taught by the big you know, Prince of Darkness
You might also like
Stop, hold up, pause, quit
Change the groove and funk it up a little bit
Now back to the subject of how the
Kane became the bigger modern day mama wild deep
Now the question is do I really carry it
Huh, well baby I swing low like sweet chariot
Still a few of them thought that I was lame
And then the big brown shah came!
So let me send a dark shadow right through ya
To prepare you for all of the kniky things I'm gonna do to ya
And yes my dear if you got the goods
Then you might just see my face up in your neck of the woods
Ahh word life y'all, a word life y'all
That's how I, shoot off arms just like a rifle
So just, pass the mic and let me spark this
So you can say that it's been blessed by the Prince of DarknessEmbed
It's hard enough for a black man tryin to make it today
Strugglin to find the right way
So I say, times is hard, word to God
Recessions, depressions, the whole nine yards
That itself makes a brother wanna break
But being an entertainer puts the icing on the cake
Cause I can remember when I looked up to Kurtis Blow
And said that's where I gotta go
So here I am, paid in the rap trade
But still gettin played, for my darker shade
That's not the only P-R-O-B-L-E-M
Man, that's just the beginnin' of them
For example, I can't walk the streets alone
Without bein' known
Don't get me wrong, cause deep in my heart I do love it
But I can't even dig up my nose in public, huh
MC Rell couldn't have said it no plainer
Yeah, that's the life of an entertainer
And the times are so hard to understand
That it makes me a troubled man

"I got so much trouble on my mind"

I like women, but I hate womankind
Love can be just too much for the mind
Cause I've toured the world from state to state
And wouldn't lay down tonight without havin' a mate
Married girls in tight miniskirts
That left they husband waitin' at the concert
I don't discriminate with girls that I talk to
I take em Mello-Yello to Chocolate Yoo-hoo
But now I couldn't find the right girl to fit me
Not even if she walked into my face and bit me
You see it's hard to make a woman your wife
When you've been humpin' married woman the most of your life
You better believe that's true, word up
Cause if it happened to me, then it can happen to you
I'm not tryin' to say that a woman is scandalous
I'm just showin' you who the troubled man is
You might also like
"I got so much trouble on my mind"

Brothers from the past
In the streets of Bed-Stuy  class
Some of them are cool, some of them at times can be a bother
Thinkin' I got jobs to give like Roy Rogers
I try to explain I'm not on tour yet
And they say, "You think you're all that? Yeah, I bet!"
So when I see 'em on the solo tip
I gotta throw joints to prove my point
Just when I thought that I had the neighborhood support
Here comes another battle to be fought, huh
You know they even tried to start a AIDS rumor
Diggin' the kind of life, that would maybe doom a
Brother of my priniciple, you'd think some of these people
Would be more sensible, because a lie like that
Didn't bring my sex flow to an end
Maaaaaaaan, I'm still gettin' skins!
And the beat goes on until the thrill is gone
And life is the same old song
And maybe one day you can understand
What it's like to be a troubled man

"I got so much trouble on my mind"Embed
(Barry White)
Let's get busy
Daddy Kane
(Big Daddy Kane)
You know B.W. I've heard it said
That a woman is a man's greatest gift
(Barry White)
Sure you're right
(Big Daddy Kane)
And success ain't nothin unless you have someone to share it with
(Barry White)
Mmmmm, so true, so true
I've always felt that it's great to achieve in life
Not having someone other than yourself to share it with it is, uhh..
(Big Daddy Kane)
Sho' YOU'RE right
(Barry White)
Quite sad
You might also like(Big Daddy Kane)
In my case, I may have found someone (mmm)
I want, all, of that someone
(Barry White)
Yeah, I know what you mean
Well I'll tell you my friend
Just, communicate with her
And always say what you mean and mean what you say
Because, it's her that you want all of me
Aoww

[Verse 1: Big Daddy Kane (& Barry White)
Come here baby
Come bring ALL of you to me
When I say I want all of you
I mean I want all of you from your head to your feet (mmm)
I wanna taste everything from your lipstick to your toenail polish
(Communicate Kane brother)
I want you, I want you
I want to hold you, I want to massage you
I want to comfort you, I want to sooth you (mm!)
You know the way you're standin still there
I just wanna lay on the floor and make love to your shadow
(A-heh) Sounds silly don't it? (Not really)
But for real, let me come on over there
Run my fingers through your hair
Hold your Nair, and undo that brassiere
My dear (Daddy Kane)
Because tonight girl, all of me wants, all of you
Ohhhhhhh
Meeeeeeee, all of meeeeeeee
Wants allllllllll of youuuuuuuuuu
Let's start tonight, I know you're right
Over and over and over
Let's do it now, you show me how
Over and over and over again

Oh I can tell you're serious aren't you?
I'm glad to see that you feelin, this way
That there's somebody in this world that..
Make you want to give up that kind of commitment
Love is such a beautiful thing when it's, equally shared
(Tell em Maestro)
When two people, find the same common ground
They call it, having, so much in common
Making love is one of things that people, these days
Seem to find too common (Communicate B.W)
Sho' you right
So I want you to know, that I really feel
That you gonna make it all the way with this young lady
You got my love, my respect
You're bad.. young man, you're bad

Me, all of me
 Ooh baby, mmm
Wants all of you
 All of you
Let's start tonight, I know you're right
 Oh, yeahhhh
Over and over and over
Let's do it now, you show me how
 Can we do this?
Over and over and over again
 And over and over and over and over
Me, all of me
 Yes love, all, of me
Wants all of you
 I want you
Let's start tonight, I know you're right
 Mmmmm, sho' you right
Over and over and over
I want it now, come show me how
 Come show me
Over and over and over again
Me, all of me
Wants all of you
 I want you from head to toe
Let's start tonight, I know you're right
Over and over and overEmbed
Mmm.. ohh yeah
Mmm, mmm, mmm, ohh yeah
Allow me to introduce myself
As the Big Daddy Kane
A smooth lover from around the way
That's bound to drive any bitch insane

Well Dolemite is my name
And rappin and tappin is my game

Oh yeah? Well me tell you somethin Mr. Dolemite
The shit you talkin years ago, I could see
But it's the 90's now and rap is all about me

Listen.. when it comes down to rappin
I was THROUGH with it before you learned what to do with it
I'm the KING so I'm stakin my claim
In the rappin game
Y'know? For all players, I am the speaker
I'm also known as the hot pussy seeker
When it comes down to ridin up and down in some pussy
I make it weaker
Also it gets a little deeper
I was walkin down Broadway the other day
An old lady came my way
She said, "I'll be glad when you 'come 18
I'm gonna give you a funkin like you ain't never seen!"
I said, "LADY! Why wait for so much time to pass?
I've been WANTIN to tear up yo' old gray ass"
So I pulled out my dick
It was so shiny it looked like it was painted
The ho took one look and damn near fainted
I stuck it in the bitch and the bitch began to shout
That, "Oh Mr. Dolemite, take that motherfucker OUT!"
You might also like
Well you ain't sayin nothin slick to a can of oil
I walked barefoot from New York to Dallas
Won for Pimp of the Year at the Caesar's Palace
Made a big snowstorm on the 4th of July
And drunk the waters in the Atlantic Ocean til that shit was dry
I was makin money before Washington was put on a bill
And I kicked Jack's ass and took his ho Jill
I'm the one who broke the bull's back
And made people say FUCK McDonald's and call ME the Big Mac

Why you long lanky motherfucker
You ain't nothin but a sucker!
I was born in a barrel of butcher knives
Shot in the ass with two Colt .45's
I've been slapped by a bear and bit by an eel
I chew up railroad iron, and shit out steel!
I jumped in the ocean and swallowed a whale
Handcuff lightning and throw THUNDER's ass in jail

Why you ignorant decrepit motherfucker
Let me tell you somethin
I'm the one that put the M in mackin
Because when you did it you was only actin
I made pimpin a full time job
So bitches wouldn't have to go out and rob
I made the streets of New York hot as a SAUNA
And hung a Home Sweet Ho sign on every corner
Yes I'm the player of all players and the mack of all macks
Give a headache to Excedrin and knock the SHIT out of Ex-Lax
Why you insecure no business barn junkyard
Rat soup eatin motherfucker!!
It was in the early 1960's when I originated my pimpin game
I was callin whores jive-ass bitches
And pimps - sucker-ass lames
KANE, before you can take my reign
You gotta cook me a chicken and a half a day
Walk from New York to Los Angeles and throw the bones away
You gotta be BORN BLIND and cannot see
Yo' bitches have the POCKS in the ass so bad they can't even pee
Ride a bald eagle a million feet in the AIR
And get out and do the runnin man while you up there
Have the Mumps and the Asiastic Flu
And the Crabs around yo' ass start singin the Yankee Doodle Doo!

Aww fuckit I give upEmbed
Move over bacon there's something meatier
A natural born lover with love to give free to ya
Meatier, so all you bacon lovers move over
Cause I'm so smooth they should call me Blackanova
I'm not tryin' to say that I'm number one
I'm just a smooth operator that gets the job done
So, let me lick you from head to toe
Realllllllll slowwwwwwwww
Cause ever since I was young I could keep girls sprung
Just by the movement of my tongue
I remember it all started way back
In ummm... Kindergarten!!
Some played with Legos, some played with Play-Doh
But I was feelin' girls like a ripe tomato
And now it's 1990 and you can find me as I dunk
Lockin' up girls like I want
Yes I got a harem, but I don't share em
I collect em like per diem and MMM, you gotta see em
Because the ladies is all I dream of
And not even Anita Baker can give sweeter love
You know why?
Cause I can do it right (4X)
Yesssss I can!
You might also like
Step up girls and get somethin' to treasure
And welcome to the Smooth Operator's Palace of Pleasure
And if you're wondering if I want it --
I got a Craftmatic with your name written on it
I reminisce saying I take em eight to eighty
But I was just kiddin', no you have to be a lady
Even if you're too young, with the hypest body
I just don't go to a Similac party
So all those of age, we can get intimate
Bumper to bumper, so you can get your fender bent
I treat girls just like pastry
Mmmmmmmmm *smacks lips* Tasty!
Very kinky when it comes to hanky panky
A well known player, but not for the Yankees
I won't say I'm the baddest or portray that role
But I'm of the top two, and my father's gettin' old
I'm taking love to a brand new height
And if loving girls is wrong I don't wanna be right
Cause my man Babyface said that it's no crime
And of course I'll work Diana Ross overtime
You know why?
Cause I can do it right (4X)
Yesssss I can!
If I was on the movies I'd frame Roger Rabbit
Play Spike Lee with Jessica, because she's gotta have it
But I'm not an actor, I'm just a mack
That charms girls as I whisper sweet nothings to attract her
And bring about that feeling of passion
To have her on my body like modern day fashion
Layin' next to me, in pure ecstasy
You're like a door and you know that sex the key
So send your man to the lost and found
I'm bringing something that's world renowned
In other words - good lovin' that's major
I got girls in more areas than a SkyPager
Running around saying, "Please me, please me, please me"
That's why I say it ain't easy
But I've been able to maintain my status
With ladies macking without if's, and's, or maybe's
And other players just can't understand it
And couldn't keep they girls even if they were branded
I always end up with them on my shelf
*SMACK* I gotta jump back and kiss myself
You know why?
Cause I can do it right (4X)
Yesssss I can!Embed
Okay, okay, okay, okay
Attention to the whole crew
Scoob Lover, Scrap Lover, I don't need your dancin
Mister Cee I don't need you on the turntables
Ant Live I don't need you collectin the dough
And Little Daddy since you my brother
Get yo' ass on in here
Cause we gettin ready to take things down the line
Here we go one time
Prepare yourself for MC terror
And don't make the error of tryin to come near a
Rapper so smooth and swift with the gift of gab
To grab the mic, cause I'm sorta like
Vincent Price, but you never been so nice
So back up off me, I'm seperatin men from mice
Kickin ass in every committee, city to city
Until both shoes are shitty
The regulator innovator dominator creator of data
Plus an imitator assassinator
Lyrics don't display a too don sweet
Hard as concrete, and always on beat
Steppin to this, you're not allowed
You keep frontin on the stage like you're rockin the crowd
Snatchin the microphone real proud
But your rhymes are so booty you should write em on White Cloud
So next up down the line, Scrap Lover
You might also like
Aiy-aiy-yo, the microphone's mine
But I prefer peace, so the road'll get rough when
A toy MC, gets the heart to pull a bluff and
There's no laughter, cause the one that I'm after
Is smashed, for that reason you have to
Make sure each and every lyric is harmless
Cause if not, you won't be able to calm this
Brother from Brooklyn, made to fit a groove
And prepared for the unexpected, to make a move
So put up your girl, and let's see who's in trouble troop
And if you got a sister, then make it a double scoop
The capital S the C, the R-A-P
Stands for me, cause I'm the
Only MC with an original rap style
You disagree, you get put on the Scrap pile
So stay off the set, with George and Jet-son
You never seen a dancer who rapped well you met one
Now spin the Wheel of Fortunes or be wise and stay back
Co-host my show, like Pat and don't Sa-jak shit
Or get ate like oats and barley
Save your Sweat for Keith, and the Beef for Charlie
So next up, goin down the line, Scoob Lover

Yo, the microphone's mine
It's the S y'all, to the C y'all, double-O B y'all
Well god damn it's me y'all
Jump back, kiss myself, I'm so fly
Sip a brew or two, cause yo, I don't get high
I might wave hi..
.. at a pretty young girl that walk by
But yo, you all that, you can't stop?
A-with the weave in your head like a mop?
You must know karate, cause your face look chopped
Now back to the subject of the matter
I eat a lot of food, but I won't get fatter
Let me see I'm slim, my hair is well trimmed
And when I'm low-key I throw on a brim
But I'm not conceited, when hangin out I need it
For when trouble comes then I never have to meet it
I'm intellectually spoken, I'm not jokin
What are you, smokin?
You be hopin wishin and prayin
To be like Scoob but what are you sayin?
Well it takes style, charisma, class
Fuck up on the Lover, and I bust your ass
So next up, movin down the line
Mister Cee
Yo, the microphone's mine
Mission, to make DJ's feel the wrath
So here's a paragraph, written on behalf
Of the ruler, dictator, DJ ambassador
Makin a massacre, you couldn't last through a
Round of combat, where my left arm's at
My mouth with the mic in my hand, when I attack
I shake and bake or fake a snake
Take em and make em ache and flake, I break like an earthquake
When I erupt, MC's I corrupt, to be blunt
I'mma tear shit up
So next up goin down the line
The Little Daddy Shane

The mic is all mine
MC's crawl by when they see this tall guy
Six foot three huh, nobody's small fry
The Little D-A double-D Y
The S-H-A-N-E, yes it's me
You better believe there's no comp and I'm certain
So if you try to battle me, then it's cur-tains
I'm no joke, the wrong one to provoke
One false move and KERRRRRR-ROAK!
So take it easy and slide on greasy
Cause I'm more rougher than hair when it's peasy
I'm more rougher than steak when it's raw
So keep that in mind, mon cherie amore
Cause I'm a lover you find quite young
And Brooklyn New York, is where I'm from
So keep it on and you don't quit
That supercalafragilisticexpalidopeshit
So next up down the line, Ant Live
Yo, the microphone's mine
Yeah I took it, I ain't gonna give it back
And it's a fact that I can swing, I'm not a new jack
Got the mic in a chokehold, you won't hear a peep
Then I put it to sleep
I see a lot of brothers got raisins in the place
Not Al Pacino, I don't need a Scarface
But I know, if some shit goes down
I'll turn the whole New York into Bucktown
A 'Face ain't real Scar'red, cause I real hard
And I ain't no bullshit bodyguard
Walk the streets to New York and stay alive
All I need is my loaded four-five
And sweet and deadly like a killer beehive
And I can stalk in Fort Greene Park and survive...
And my name is Ant Live!

Now that's what I'm talkin bout
That's EXACTLY what I'm talkin bout
Put your weight on it fellas
Anyway you can get back to work now
Get back to your god damn jobs
And we outta here, love peace and hairgreaseEmbed
Hey, you know, Butch
I'm findin it very hard to understand
The lifestyle of young ladies today
{Male voice:}
Yo, they're hard to figure out, gee
They need a sincere leader
{Big Daddy Kane:}
You know, I've heard it said
You gotta use what you got to get what you want
But I think they're usin a little bit too much when they flaunt
You know
, you know, ehm
I don't understand the way these girls is rolling today, man
How about you, man?
{Male voice:}
Yo, let me tell you somethin, gee
If they ain't lying they tryin to do some other - wildness
{Big Daddy Kane:}
I know, I know
It's like girls promisin you Thomas's
And can't even cook toast, right?
What I'm tryin to tell you, man, is...
They just ain't no damn good
No damn good
Check it out
You might also like
Now there's this girl named Monique
The type of female that you consider a freak
A big-time player playin like a drum beat
You think her address is 21 Hump Street
She step out every night to swing
With her Lee press-on's and a nefertiti ring
Bamboo earrings all big and lookin silly
With extensions hangin down like Milli Vanilli
And every Wednesday night at the Apollo
First kid she saw with jewerly she'd follow
And Monique would be ready to sleep
With the first kid in a Benz or a Cherokee Jeep
Strung out and givin up the nappy dug out
You're on the critical list, about to pull the plug out
So here, nympho, here's some good info
Stop takin em putts and close your legs, toots
Cause I remember you was one of a kind and a fine - hm
I once was infatuated by the things that you do
But now you're doodoo
It's all about respectin yourself
In order to gain respect from anyone else
Treat yourself like a real woman should
Cause bitch, you ain't no damn good
That's right, there's a lotta young ladies out here
That just ain't no damn good
{Female voice:}
But hold up minute
There's a lotta guys out there that ain't no damn good either
{Big Daddy Kane:}
Oh yeah?
{Female voice:}
Yeah, cause I had to tell one the other night
That his thing had too many 'nots' in it
{Big Daddy Kane:}
What you mean by too many 'nots'?
{Female voice:}
Not big enough, not hard enough, and not long enough
{Big Daddy Kane:}
Yeah, aight
But check this here out
Well now, here's another story
About this kid by the name of Corey
A hustler with game tryin to make a name
That was his aim, but his lifestyle was lame
Cause he would front like it wasn't even funny
About his girl, his car, and his money
Pullin out a knot every place
But every single bill had Washington's face
And he went beyond exaggeration
To lie about his means of transportation
Because he said he had a Benz car
Come to find out, it was his friend's car
Talk about simple chronic halitosis
Damn, his breath was ferocious
He had an odor that just won't quit
Smelled like he washed in Oil Of Oh shit
Tellin girls he's daddy long-strokin
(Shit, you must be jokin)
Cause he ain't got no bitches
And couldn't hurt a virgin if her pussy had stitches
See, Corey, there's a lot you're missin
Seems to me, you ain't got a pot to piss in
So let's get one thing understood
Muthafucka, you ain't no damn good
{Prince Paul:}
The moral of the story is
The majority of the population of males and females today
Are just no damn goodEmbed
Uhh, and uh, Prince Paul, bring me on and uh
Aiyyo Botch, bring me on and uh
Mad Money Murph just bring me on and uh
Just bring me on, yo
This is a world premier and I'm here
A presentation beyond compare
So MC's step to the rear as I break through
Girls say ooh and then skip to my loo
That means dance as I get smooth with
Poetic perfection that you can groove with
Just like a passenger, hurry and fasten your seatbelt
Cause I'm about to start broadcastin
The words of wisdom, so turn up the system
Loud and clear, I don't want no one to miss one
Word to be heard never blurred or slurred
The preferred is absurd, all the damage that's occured
As I break MC's like a lumberjack
Ain't no comin back, you can't get none of that
I'm not the type of MC to be merciful
So if your name ain't Jermaine take it personal
Cause like a vigilante I'm gonna kill off any
Sucker MC that tries to withstand me
With the mic in my hand I start flowin then
All competition flee and start goin in
The other direction, run for protection
Cause I can burn an MC like an erection
You're too small kid, don't get involved with
The verbal law for the Nation of Islam
Wisdom I speak makes your head nod
Showin I got the power, and that's from bein born the God
But many doubt my Knowledge of Self
But they're just illiterate, so I don't consider it
Feedin off poison that's pollutin their mind
And that's the reason I don't swine
I gotta maintain, accelerate my brain
And god damn, it's hard being the Kane
You might also likeGive it to me! C'mon!
C'mon! Uhh!
Give it to me! Give it here!
Give it to me! Yeah..
This is the proper way man should use ink
But you're at your brink and your rhymes are extinct
Just like a dinosaur, but you never find a more
Cause mine'll keep sellin on wax like some kind of whore
Let me inject this, flow of electric currency
For all the party people preferrin me
And spectatin like a tourist, cause you never
Saw this style of rap kickin like Chuck Norris
But this ain't Kung-Fu, no I just brung you
A style, that phony MC's were too young to
Digest, when I manifest, you adolescent
So sit back, relax, be glad you had a lesson
And this one's for your listenin pleasure
Somethin for all the bitin MC's to treasure
Just like a diary, for you to admire me
Before you're put in the Dead Poet's Society
Cool as a draft, droppin math in a paragraph
I laugh as the wrath break in half, your whole staff
But many MC's were able to retreat
Runnin like an athlete, but I got bad feet
So I don't chase ya, nor do I wait to face ya
Nah it ain't in my nature
I just rip shop, flip-top, and watch MC's get dropped
As I manifest in hip-hop
Rhymes I construct are tough like a Tonka truck
And just like lightnin they struck
Down on all the toy MC's that annoy
That's how I build and destroy
The poetic printer, rough rhyme inventor
With a groove so smooth you can't help but get into
So I'm advisin competition to flee
Cause I can bake an MC like Chef Boyardee
Holdin my own on the microphone
Cause I break bones just like sticks and stones
So let it rain let it rain as I put em in pain
God damn, it's hard bein the Kane!
Give it to me! Get up!
Come on! Uhh!
Give it to me! Come on!
Give it to me! Yeahhh
Put in a pause, because here's the holocaust
Above all laws, in effect and all yours
Cause I came to blaze a taste of bass of grace
A replace, erase the waste without a trace
My vocabulary will just have you very
Dazed and amazed so I fear no adversary --
That means competition
They can't even touch this, even with ammunition
Break out the gauge and go into an outrage
And I'mma still blow up the stage
Cause this is a death threat, but don't let your sweat get
In the way of your vision don't be missin when I get set
To go on a rampage, start a one man rage
Total destruction as I rip up the damn stage
And leave it in ruins from the damage that I'm doin
To prepare the atmosphere, as I put you in
The mood for the Smooth Operator to start this flow
And so..
I crushed and crushed and stomped the comp that tried
To get fly and face the ace I put em in place
Proceed em, retreat em, defeat em, delete em, and feed em, and eat em
And all the rest of that good stuff, cause I don't need em
Only one survivor can remain
And god damn, it's got to be the Kane!
Get up! Give it to me!
Give it here! C'mon!
C'mon! Give it to me!
Uhh! Put your weight on it1Embed
Yeah..
You know, 1990 begins a new decade
Since I got paid and blew up like a live grenade
It's been a three, four year stretch
And I'd just like to thank all of you
Mmm..
And this goes to everybody in the entire world
That means the United States, overseas in the U.K
Way in Brazil, Japan, Africa, and everywhere else
I just wanna dedicate this one to you

Here's another groove that I'm bringin' to you kind of mellow
And I just want to say hello
Or should I say peace as I start to release
The poetry that don't cease, never the least
Your feet got to shuffle as I put the muscle in the groove
"'Cause I'm so smooth"
Once you experience a whole Kane rhyme
I'll have you dancin' in a Soul Train line
Pick up the pace and get a taste
Of the B-I-G D-A-double-D-Y Kane in the place
Doin' the job how you want it done
With lyrics that's bright as the mornin' sun
So grab one line, rub it on your face like sunshine
And everythin' else'll combine
This is that particular beat
For all the fellows feelin' mellow to pump in the Jeep
Uhh! Also for every girly
To shamiyo, shamago like Laverne and Shirley
Huh, now, wait, now, wait, now, wait a minute!
Uhh! Now, check this!
I wanna talk about peace and unity and love
Not one, but all of the above
Comin' together like keys on a piano
Black and white to unite and oh man, oh man
What joy do we find?
Hard for me to say it sometimes
You might also likeLadies.. come on!
Give it here, come on!
Uh! That's right

Nothin' can stop this flow, so back up off me
Hold your cup of Folgers, wake up and smell the coffee
Big Daddy Kanes the name of the one and only
You wanna say it three times like Tony! Toni! Ton!
Its not an advocation of bein' the best
But I at least deserve a cape, or an 'S' on my chest
Quote: The blacker the berry, the sweeter the juice
Mmm! They should've never turned me loose
'Cause Im a true livin' Casanova
Smooth and stylistic and suave bowler
And to say nasty, couldnt even tell it
'Cause when Im with girls, I get Funkadelic
So ladies, stand still as I start to fulfill
Just chill, the scenerys about to get ill
The places I feel to give your body a thrill
As I rub you the right way like Johnny Gill
And competition  take notes from a champ
You once had this, but all your girls broke camp
And now you wanna diss, you swung but you missed
So now, tip your hat and bow down to this
(Who?!) The father of civilization
With knowledge of self under any situation
The F-to-the-I-to-the-V-to-the-E
The P-E-R-C-E-N-T
That means an Asiatic king just rocked it
And left your mouth wet with a taste of chocolate
Thats right, y'all! And thats right, y'all!
My rhymes freshen the air like Lysol
Girls, uh, right there, yeah, right there
1Embed
Give it to me
Get on the dancefloor
Start to clap your hands for
The smooth operator, what more can your ask for
The musical maestro
That's usin the mic so
I can spark up the entire place like nitro-
Glycerine because the crowd is sizzlin
Bobbin they heads to what's said and still listenin
I specialize in fun
And I must know what's happenin cos you're dancin like re-run
So behold the natural born soul, a rhythm
To get em and hit em as I party with em
My job is to make you all feel this
But I'm not don cornelius
I'm just a new black cesar here to please ya, ease ya
Movin and groovin, provin, soothin at your leisure
I don't sing or yell
But my rhymes reach out and touch more people than Ma Bell
The brain of the Kane's so intelligent
You think dancin is irrelevant
And start stompin like a elephant
But that's not necessary, just let the beat carry
You into somethin funkadelic
That might best describe
The musical vibe you feel when I arrive
From the moment I walk through the door
I gotta keep em on the floor
You might also likeGet up and dance and move your body across the floor
Go on and do your thing until you're feelin sore
(I can't dance no more)
Get on up and dance
(Let's dance)
Get on up and dance
(Give it here)
Get on up and dance
(Funky)
Look
You came in the disco
Thinkin it would be just low
But I'mma make sure you enjoy this show
You won't have a chance to sit down
(Get down)
And listen to rhymes that go the mile like a marathon
A voice that's choice, as strong as sarah vaugh
Swift delivery flowin like a river be
Flowin, but only ladies know my tongue is that slippery
I grab the mic and then we'll see
Who can d-a-n-c-e
Makin the crowd roar for more of what they saw
And I'm sure that I can keep em on the floor
{Chorus}
Oh
Feel like I'm down here by myself sometimes
I'm ready to break this groove down
You're ready
So I'mma let the music just stop
And we gon' get into our own thing for a minute here
You're ready
Break it down
Keep on dancin
(Keep on dancin)
(Dance)
Bring in paramedics to relieve the
Trace of this bad case of dance fever
Cos I can feel the disco heat gettin to me
While the sweat got my silk drawers stickin to me
But I can't stop, I gotta party
Like a gun on the dancefloor and catch a body
I might move real smooth
Then again dance real silly
Just like a hillbilly
As i make sure the beat is kept
So all the party people stay in step
Become a slave to the rhythm
Grab someone of the opposite sex and dance with em
Put your partner on the floor and face em
That shows a positive sign of unification
And if all party goers could make this move
We'd be one nation under a groove
So let's try this, stop the violence
That can only result in peace from what I sense
To be straight to the point
A little love and harmony - mh (it's the joint)
So build a nation, pump the bass and
The treble beyond the level of imagination
So the Big Daddy Kane can endure
And the name of this tune is Keep Em on the Floor
(Everybody get up)Embed

Mmm.. mmm, yeah
Oh I like this
I wanna tell this story
A little story about umm..
.. a brother who you would think has everything goin for himself
But apparently for some reason he just ain't happenin
I call this brother Mr. Pitiful
I wanna tell you somethin about him, check it out

The story begins in 1984
When I met the Biz Markie out in front of the store
He used to tell me all the time, "Yo your lyrics is hype
We got to get together and make a record of some type"
I said, "Man, the hype behind Run-D.M.C. and Cool J
What the fuck makes you think they're gonna give us a play?"
We did a few shows together, freestylin on stage
Manhattan and Long Island, for Mike and Dave
After that, I was convinced we can do it
Until my man Biz jetted and came out with "Make the Music.."
From right there, I said, "Man, this shit is real
Look at Biz in the new leather and a pair of spot bills"
I got to give it to you Dukes, I was wrong
Well you out there now, so put my black ass on
And sure enough, huh, in about a year's time
I was R-A-W, goin for mine
Droppin jams that slammed on every radio program
And bam, GOD DAMN, look where I am
The first album, _Long Live the Kane_, it sold
About umm.. AWW FUKKIT it went gold
The money was comin in, yes I had done em in
It wasn't quite hard for me to find a woman then
Cause I was in demand for lots of fans
A sexy chocolate guy in the public eye
I bought myself a condo out in Queens
A plush white Volvo and drove off the scene
But I remained the same since I moved out
For instance - drinkin Olde E and Guinness Stout
And also, hangin out with the troops
Most of all, takin care of Ma Dukes
Then all of a sudden things started to change
And many old friends started actin strange
Behind my back, sayin I'm soft and a sucker
Some even said, "Yo let's rob the motherfucker"
And family members askin for my papers
But Biz set them straight, by makin "The Vapors"
Girls cryin pregnant, to get some of my green
I'm like, "What the fuck is this? Billie Jean?"
People harassin me, steadily askin me
Dis or dat, some even had the audacity
To say that I only liked light-skinned women
Tchk, huh, are you kiddin?
Cause I love everyone
And I never act prejudiced to none
But for some reason people make my lifestyle so critical
That's why they call me Mr. Pitiful
You might also like
A few people know what I'm sayin
Hmm, to the Little Daddy Shane, you know what I mean
And to my man Cool V, you know what I mean
To T.J. Swan, you know what I mean
And to Scoob and Scrap, you know what I mean
To Rob Base and E.Z. Rock, you know what I mean
The Magnum Force, you know what I mean
And to the playboys, you know what I mean
To Shemp Shawn, you know what I mean
And the F.M.C., you know what I mean
Can't forget Miv, you know what I mean
Godfather D, you know what I mean
My man Doug E. Fresh, you know what I mean
And the fifty dollar crew from Canada know what I mean
But most of all I can't forget my man Biz-Mar-KIE
And may I send this to A.J. Quest, Rest In Peace ??Embed
One for the ace and two for the deuce
If you're ready Mister Cee cut the record real loose
And uhh, test test test test, oh yes
I wanna bless the mic, I caress with finesse
Back off the microphone, you can't wreck it none
I'm like a nine, and you're just a Naked Gun
Some type of new jack, steppin in the area
Kind of reminds me of Eddie Murphy, Coming to America
But you can't approach this, rhymes are too ferocious
Do the knowledge as I quote this
Freddie Krueger, walkin on Kane's street
Five chapters and I still ain't been beat
Bout time I turned the microphone loose
Anyone after me is just an excuse
Even the level of the devil or Exorcist
Can't get next to this
This is mayhem, so competition, say when
You're thinkin that you're ready, so I can just play him
Or them, no matter the quan-tity, you don't want to be
In this battle, so just flee
Cause I leave em panickin when I start damagin
Kickin this swift, leaves you stiff, like a mannequin
And frozen, this is a mind explosion
As the chosen flows in, the competition throws in
The towel, my sharp tongue is like a license
I strike like Mike, Tyson I be icin
Breakin the mic in half, just like a psychopath
But still smooth and cool, just like a draft
Leave the metro scared and petrol
Ain't No Half-Steppin', so I don't sweat no MC
Cause Michael Jackson couldn't say it clearer
My only comp is the man in the mirror
So any pretender, you never been to
The death zone, this is the wrath, do not enter
These ain't the grounds for MC's to be wanderin
These is the grounds that the Kane is conquerin
Lyrics are bright and recite on the mic to excite
Delight, ignite, a bright light and a fright night
For types who bite, to be quite like
The man with mic swingin' all tight, but can't get it right
You're just a sloppy, cheap carbon copy
Sent to ride off in the sun, said Kemosabi
As the Kane remains everlasting
With lyrics that's fast relief like aspirin
So allow me to relieve, or breathe contact
Your brain and remain like hairweave
Cause I can reach each participant with a speech
That will teach, and have em hangin' like a leech
And yes still puttin rappers in fear
So hold it right there, cause this is a nightmare
As I cause a killer scene, and cut like a guillotine
Any thoughts you had about winnin is still a dream
Or more like a fantasy, tell me why can't you see
There ain't a way that you can touch or stand on me
You talk about how many rappers you slayed
But I'm like a renegade, so I never been afraid
So don't say hi to this Asiatic descendant
Just say peace and everything'll be splendid
Peace!
You might also likeMister Cee, put your weight on it
Boy put your weight on it, put your weight on it
Put your weight on it
Put your weight on it Mister Cee, put your weight on it!
I'm outta here!1Embed

Swing your partner, I'm about to start the
Dance across the land, the Kane will scar the
People of our community, 'cause we're soon to see
The future of the world to be without unity
So brothers and sisters, let's check our history
To reveal what's been hidden a mystery
Because we're headed for self-destruction
And you know that the government, doesn't give a (fuck) when
One black brother sells another one dope
And he can't cope, so he dies without hope
Many of us live on this level
Mislead victims who dance with the devil

"Dance with the devil"
"Dance dance with the devil" * repeat both 4X *

Guns are bein' bought over the counter like candy
Comin' in handy for chumps to act manly
Once before they were only for the law
But no more for sure, lookin' at a L.A. gun war
Even in Brooklyn, lives are bein' tooken
The Bronx is dyin' while the rocks is steady cookin'
Capsule after capsule, settin' a trap to
Destroy all our kind without a hassle
I couldn't kill my brother, about a color
Or cocaine, not even over a rope chain
In this world I'm considered a rap rebel
To correct those who dance with the devil
You might also like
"Dance with the devil"
"Dance dance with the devil" * repeat both 4X *

There's no survival
Bodies come in D.O.A, Dead On Arrival
Every time someone ships in artillery
Begins the game wonderin' who will the killer be
There's no war, so the Navy must wanna see
Drugs and guns shift into our country
So we can shoot each other and sell each other death
And imprison all the other ones left
So it's time to start to rise
We can't be uncivilized, we gotta realize
That bein' the baddest doesn't matter when your life is had
So let Michael Jackson be _Bad_
No time to devastate, we gotta elevate
To a higher level.. than dancin' with the devil

"Dance with the devil"
"Dance dance with the devil"
This is the dance with the devil!
"Dance with the devil"
"Dance dance with the devil" * repeat both 4X *

Lookin' at the fall of our new generation
Makes me wonder about the Emancipation Proclamation
We're considered to be free, but did slavery devour
When we're still slaves to mental death and power
Misled and unknowin', people are goin'
More and more beneath, instead of growin'
+Express Yourself+, was said by N.W.A
So stop givin' trouble a play
Because those who chose to oppose never rose they all froze
At thirty-two degrees to enemies
That already tricked em and made em fall victim
Mmmmm, mmmmm, mmmmm, just look at them
What we need is peace and love and more love
But I don't see none of the above
So one for the bass and two for the treble
(come on y'all) Don't "dance with the devil"

"Dance with the devil"
"Dance dance with the devil" * repeat both 4X *
"Dance with the devil"
"Dance dance with the devil"..Embed
"I was born.."

A black man from the motherland
Speakin a language today most people don't understand
Where no one could bother me
'Cause I had freedom, justice, and equality
But then one day it was tooken away
And I was shipped to the U.S.A
A young brother made into a slave
To harvest the midlands and clean the chittlins
Given a new name, new religion
No freedom to vote, not even to make a decision
I saw my peoples, sold raped and took out
The rest of that stuff that Alex Haley talks about
They said I'm not from Asia I'm from Africa
And all the blacks there now are just scavengers
That's the way my mind was poisoned
To believe that in America blacks are inferior
A weak mind and a body of swine
Only adds up to being - deaf, dumb and blind
Illiterate to who where what and why
So I ask myself: who am I?
You might also like"I was born.."

A native New Yorker on the streets
Known for rockin rhymes to real rough beats
That I found in the attic, noisy with static
A sound that made me a Hip-Hop fanatic
I made a few songs that sold OK
Never top 20 or plenty airplay
I came out hardcore, flexin cock diesel
Saw a little cash and pop goes the weasel
I had to make that change and rearrange
My whole rap format, no hardcore rap
So now all the pop charts I rule
Over New Kids on the Block and Paula Abdul, huh
I thought I made it, then my song faded
And none of the black stations ever have played it
I tried to blame it on MTV
And say, "Damn, they cold played me for Young MC"
But when you get down to it, I'm the real blame
Because I wanted the fame
Money is not only the root of all evil
It's also the destruction of black people, so
Conjunction junction, what's your function?
Being a scout or sellin out?
Look in the mirror at yourself, eye to eye
And say: who am I?
A solid change, have to rearrange this strange
Feelin I'm feelin, so appealin'
I am having to deal with
Time to forget the myth of bein black and a woman
Can't get ahead, walkin on a thread, a tightrope
Can't cope, don't be a dope, have a little bit of hope
Runnin' your scope on affairs
You have to be aware, don't flare up
Let your cup runneth over
I'm not Irish, don't need a donut to fill up my dish
Nor two mango wish to wish on a star, they're so far
Anyway I'm thinkin about today, not tomorrow
I'm not a follower of anyone
My time has come, it's already here
My message is clear
Like the women of long ago, I am also here
Also to show, I have the courage
Have the strength, I'm for equal opportunity
No matter the life, length of time
Show me a sign, should I rely on a
Subliminal message, should I question
What would seem to be, life's told me?
Yes indeed, so let me speak

And that's comin from the daughter of Malcolm X
So black women put it in your texts
So you can never let, opportunity pass you by
Or even ask yourself, who am I?2Embed
It's that number one hip-hop tramp, to get your thong damp
I put it down till you girls catch a cramp
Take a little trip with the smoothest guy walkin'
Usually my fault in, girls wreckless eyeballin
Attraction is magnetic, they come and get it
Game is all natural, yours is synthetic
So while you sittin' there tryin' to get your words straight
I bag more dimes than workers at the herb gate
Use tight D, on top of tight G
Want it done rightly, girlfriend invite me
I foresee what you hoping
And say the right thangs to get you open, then I get you open
Lay it down from nighttime until the A.M
Watch how I play 'em, lay 'em and then fillet 'em
In the kingdom I hit it like lottery
Baby you gotta see, the Brooklyn prodigy

It's plain to see, your game is tight enough for me
I jus can't keep my cool, I just gotta let it be
And now you're in the zone
And I'm sure when you play on
That the way you put it down
Is gonna change this game around
You might also like
Sharp P-I till I return to the essence
Making my presence, glow like florescence
I come around and get it like hot peas and butter
Drop these and got her, that Kane he's a mother
The God don't minimize, I enterprise, when I rise
In the thighs, make 'em see doubles like geminis
So, bring it on me no sweat it
But you talk that Lil' Kim talk to me and end up bowlegged
Give it to you good upon the mattress
6 million ways to get yo' back twist
No theatrics when the Kane approach
Put you in more positions than a football coach
Pimpin' ain't easy but we don't knock it do we
Instead we spend chips, get fly, rockin jewelry
Walk through the club with the girls lockin to me
It's all love in here baby now sock it to me


I don't discriminate they come upon ease
Asians, Haitians, even the mommies
Please lowdown stankin', plus Jamaican girl bangin'
Them call me yard boy cause them seen something hangin'
Never do I waste that, I put my face at, a place that
In case I wanna taste that
Comfort specialist, is as easy as this
Ah miss, yeah duke you better hold your on to her wrist
I start roamin like car phones, and
Just can't control my hormones and
I make a move on a ten, and go and get a friend
So I can put my man in
While you sittin' there drinkin', that glass of Cris
I be sittin there thinkin', what's after this
Us two, me and you is what's happenin'
Bodily in heat like an African (O.K.)Embed
This one goes to my man Ol' Dirty, one love we be swigging brew
Trigger too, even Nas I be digging too
Let's see whose left Mobb Deep, oh yeah Meth
That brother's hot like curry, one love to Keith Murray
Rappers like Craig Mack quench my thirst for comedy
I'd love to hang with Redman but I ain't messing with that bom-ba-zee
Da Brat, Lil' Kim, Foxy get that luchee
Especially that cutie representing for the Fugees, go girls
Even the NBA make rap dollars
Shaquille, Chris Webber, Cedric Ceballos
Talent's around the world Phoenix to Providence
No need to educate Chicago they already got Common Sense
Houston and Atlanta we love you
Peace to the West Coast they really set the Doggs loose
We always say the future's in today's children
If so, make sure Shyheim and A + sell a million
Peace to Eazy E, Stretch, and Mercury
2Pac, and Buffy, Notorious BIG
We gots to strive to make hip-hop survive
Brothers need to unify to keep the game alive
Rappers be coming out with one album then they gone
So with cats like Raekwon, support 'em so they stay on
Then brothers like Smooth wouldn't have to hustle
It's an every day struggle, but hip-hop I still love you
You might also like
We entaprizin
Got the hip-hop heads realizin'
East Coast, West Coast organizin'
Steady risin', money sizin'
What we specialize in

The fame in the rap game we all want it
In fact by now I hope the Luniz got a hundred on it
And if you're in it for the millions E-40
I hope you see 40, before you be 40
What it look like, the great paper chase for ends
Lost Boyz being found in Lex coups, Bimas and Benz
East Coast, West Coast unite, let's keep it tight
And everything's gonna be alright
But hold up, it seems we got some hip-hop cheats
Depending on just having catchy hooks and beats
Rappers using their skills recently I haven't heard of none
Me, I represent myself better than Collin Ferguson
And yes that I do, I'll shatter you
It don't even matter who, I'll make them all show gratitude
Fools, acting like they don't know the rules
Need to learn to listen when grown folks is droppin' jewels
Now they say, is Mr. Kane coming back to dominate
I used to listen to his music back in 1988
Damn he still pumpin', just when you think he ain't nothing
That kid just keep coming back, what is he the Terminator or something
Lord I skill it in a way to make you feel it
Finally I reveal it, party people they can't wait until it
Starts to boom out, so every rap consumer
Can bring that old schooler back just like alumni
I sting it, booyah, to stop the half steppers tryin' to wing it through ya
Don't make me have to bring it to ya'
Who gonna be the next clown to come step into my bounds
Right now, get down for the crown
Mess around get pound to the ground by the sound
And let the more experienced entertain
Kane, meet the microphone, microphone meet Kane
The legendaire, rap extraordinaire
Commutin' to your ear, yeah, looka here
We entaprizin
Got the hip-hop heads realizin'
East Coast, West Coast organizin'
Steady risin', money sizin'
What we specialize in
We entaprizin
Got the hip-hop heads realizin'
East Coast, West Coast organizin'
Steady risin', money sizin'
What we specialize inEmbed
In this corner, representin' BK, NY
Who, come again, I
That you can't deny
For a while I stayed, laid back in the shade
Just like a silhouette, however still a threat
Once again, I return just to get my groove on
Bag somethin' that's a size 7/8 and move on
It be nothin' but dime girls I sport
Only time I hit a 3 be on the basketball court
What you thought, the wrath was about to end?
Nah baby, never that because I'm out to win
So what if he came back, he ain't even hittin' though
So why you standin' there with yo' nails bitten low?
MC's tremblin', I plead innocent
But then again, things can get menacin'
Ladies and Gentlemen it's the world renown
Come on y'all let's get down, Dark Gable's in town

Push your hands up high if you testify
Are you wit' me? (Definitely)
Cause I give it all I got when I rock the spot
Are you wit' me? (Definitely)
Ain't gon' be no looking tight, we gon' party tonight
Are you wit' me? (Definitely)
One hundred percent proof, help me raise the roof
Are you wit' me? (Definitely)
You might also like
"It's somethin' 'bout that Kane that I just ain't buying
How can his rap be solid when his flow is liquefying?
He keep it on beat, plus he keep it street
Plus he keep it sweet, I mean his shit be complete"
Thank you, love, that's right, keep it real for me
As I run it down to you all skillfully
Because it ain't hard to tell who's the liver one
Got 'em all shooken like Allen Iverson
See, you talking now but you ain't sayin nothin'
I keep you listeners hittin' the rewind button
You thinkin', maybe I'm the one to bring it to
But, I don't think that's the wise thing to do
Another casualty with the audacity, thinkin' that he can last with me
Fast to see how I massively, drop skills gradually
Hold it down like gravity, naturally

Push your hands up high if you testify
Are you wit' me? (Definitely)
Cause I give it all I got when I rock the spot
Are you wit' me? (Definitely)
Ain't gon' be no looking tight, we gon' party tonight
Are you wit' me? (Definitely)
One hundred percent proof, help me raise the roof
Are you wit' me? (Definitely)
I come wit' the flows that go down like water
Some of y'all just ain't got your game in order
Hmm, it looks to me as though you're simpin'
Playa haters that's attemptin', to be the grinch that stole pimpin'
I cram to, understand you, what's your angle?
You don't want to tangle
Actin' all brand new
Nothin' that them can do, when I roll up like bamboo
And dismantle, handle, everyone I ran through
Baby, you can count on me, a sure thing
I be all inside your hood, just like a drawstring
The wack, I restrict 'em, rhymes I kick 'em
Girls I just stick 'em, whose my next victim?
Thinkin' you was ballin', now I'm callin'
Yo' bluff (uh-huh), sho-nuff (Well alright)
Who you came out to see in the place to be
The ebony black ice, who that be? (Yours truly)

Push your hands up high if you testify
Are you wit' me? (Definitely)
Cause I give it all I got when I rock the spot
Are you wit' me? (Definitely)
Ain't gon' be no looking tight, we gon' party tonight
Are you wit' me? (Definitely)
One hundred percent proof, help me raise the roof
Are you wit' me? (Definitely)
Push your hands up high if you testify
Are you wit' me? (Definitely)
Cause I give it all I got when I rock the spot
Are you wit' me? (Definitely)
Ain't gon' be no looking tight, we gon' party tonight
Are you wit' me? (Definitely)
One hundred percent proof, help me raise the roof
Are you wit' me? (Definitely)Embed

Aiyyo what happened last night, did you forget?
You said that you was pushin through my way with some Moet
Nahhh, see I was witcha man Devon from Calloway
He came over with Bell and Fay and a bottle of Alize
The honies wanted to watch me in _Posse_
But the picture was sloppy
Oh that bootleg copy?
Yeah
We tried to beep you before we went to the motel
Word?  Damn, my battery was on low cell -- oh well
We took em to this down low spot
Man skip the part about the journey; did you hit the skins or not?
Oh no question -- when have you ever seen my game go nervous?
Was y'all trickin?
Nahhhh, not less you're countin room service, huh
Besides player, what's a couple of bucks?
Was it lobster?
Fuck no, cheeseburger deluxe
AIGHT?You might also likeEmbed

Something about the things that we do
To make it funky for you
And as you listen to the rhyme
You'll see that it just gets better with time

Rappers stepped to me, but they didn't get none
I'm the Kane so you know the outcome
The microphone crooner, should have set the tone sooner
Hip hop to me is like boxing to Roy Jones Junior
The genuine, search and you'll find
That on the microphone I can handle mine
Here's a view to a kill as I flipped the skill
When it's time to rock the mic like Al Skratch, I get ill
I come equipped to fight and if I flip tonight
Effects on emcees are similar to kryptonite
The water flows that be hard to distinguish
It's best to relinquish, you don't want the God to bring this
I'm marvelous at the art of this
Even if you got assist, stepping to me is a lot of risk
I release skills that's abundant
To explode and drop on you like Flight 800, what
You might also like
Keep it moving, world renown
Showing and proving, that we can hold it down
Keep it moving, world renown
Showing and proving, that we can hold it down

Here's a percentage of that old vintage
Macaroni flow but its more than an image
Don't let the smooth taste fool ya, let me school ya
On what it is, straight up, square biz
Swift maneuvering to crush the crew you bring
Last thing them want tell me is Kane go do your thing
Who the king? Asiatic non-equivalent to any
Plus I play the game a more harder way than Penny
The plan that I mobilize for dough to rise is no surprise
That it comes from what I vocalize
I'm the best you can get as I hit you with
The stroke of death, and I ain't even broke a sweat
But this is where I draw the line, you're sure to find
Lyrics I be dropping is too much for the mortal mind
What's being caused is many emcees I'm seeing lost
The hip hop laws should be reinforced
You made a record this year, oh you're hot?
Something fishy about your style, who flow you got?
You thought that you could hold me down? No, you're not
Now back up off me, here I come to blow the spot
Keep it moving, world renown
Showing and proving, that we can hold it down
Keep it moving, world renown
Showing and proving, that we can hold it down

Alright, here I come to get some
But instead, you don't want the love to spread
I heard that jealousy and envy is a dumb one's tool
So Daddy says nothing, he keeps his cool
I been through your tribulations and conflicts
Anything possible to keep me out the mix
But ease back, boy you better freeze that
Where my rivalries lack, I'm still nice with these Black
I rap with the safety cap so that you don't get it twisted
And be another statistic
How many more to try is sure to die
Slaughter I, all that playa-hating only makes me fortify
To get the papers to me is a necessity
And I don't want a piece of the pie, I want the recipe
I can't lose with what I use
I'm the reason why the lady sings the blues, don't get it confused

Keep it moving, world renown
Showing and proving, that we can hold it down
Keep it moving, world renown
Showing and proving, that we can hold it down
Hold it down, baby, hold it down
Hold it down, baby, hold it down
Hold it down, baby, hold it down
Uh, uh, uh, uhEmbed
Don't you know it ain't what you got y'all it's how you use it
Any way you choose it, baby, yes I doos it
Laying it out with swift vocabulary
I hope you hear me, here comes the Brooklyn theory
At your service, got you shook and nervous
Now, what you gonna do when Black Caesar comes to surface
My purpose is making sure you bless me right
So I can climb aboard that money train with Wesley Snipes
Daddy love how I get down ain't no secret
And every night, my backyard is just like the freaknik
What you mean from hot sexy mamas to cool prima donna's
Easy pickings on the chickens got them up in the camp
It's that old tramp, the one who keep your pum pum's damp
I see the honeys in the frontier looking for what you want dear
Yes, there's a lot of game run here

All the playas in the game
Another year
And ain't a damn thing changed
We get together and we do our thing
Repeat

On stage at arenas or a show in the park
I shine so bright my black ass glow in the dark
If you're ready or not, if you're petty or hot
Here comes the reign of Kane about to get in your spot
Your tough talk's monotonous, beware as I be droppin' this
Lyrical apocalypse all through your metropolis
Sexual Chocolate the velvet smooth voice
That be the people's choice and get the girls moist
No time for timid fear, cause there ain't no limits here
Got the world in my hands you ain't even found the hemisphere
It's real scary how rap skills vary bringin' dollar bills near me
Making dough rise like Pillsbury
Now get this it's time we start stepping to our business
I come as living proof so bear witness
Not to contradict myself but see really
I'm untouchable but making sure you people feel me
You might also like

I talk that talk from the gutter my game don't stutter
I can tell you why white milk be making yellow butter
Some cats, they be shifty, some cats they be iffy
So I move swiftly, play the field like Ken Griffey
Because, I be the all mighty, relax like Tai Chi
Making it irie
I flow over tracks when the beats are mean
Girls I go downtown when the streets are clean
Make it happen all my peoples
More chips than Doritos I know we all trying to see those
So I return to give you more again
Because my name dates back until the game's origin
See what the fact is, is you need practice
With girls I just mack this, stick em in just like cactus
Watch me now, baby it's all right
I got bunions on my game from it being too tight
Embed
I'm talking bout nothing but pure D badness
My acceleration is compatible to a bima
My pockets looking greener, from the funky cold medina
Don't tell me bout the things that you done did cause I done did it
Don't tell me bout the skins that you done hit, cause I done hit it
And once I rock these, with a style that's cock deis
Good God, I get the crowd together like knock knees
Now, I don't act hard, I just mack hard
Baggin' video looking honeys with the big back yard
Yes lord, girls I'm gamin' leaving the microphone flamin'
Throwing up hip-hop signs cause that's the set that I be claimin'
Guerilla war fares for those who love to pull your card
Grimies from Fort Green to Malcolm X Boulevard
Now, if that's what you're hoping then it's the wrong things you're scopin'
I may not rap bout slittin no throats but trust me kid I'll get you open
Verse 2
Here comes a taste of the rawness, like you never saw this
Once I grip the cordless, my victory is flawless
Chaos and havoc, lyrically psychopathic
At times get pornographic, lord man I gots to have it
Then I commit to hit you with this composite that's ultimate
Too legit splendid come get wit' it for your comfort
But then sloppily, rappers try to copy me
Take pieces of my property, and use it all unproperly
And probably, been focusing a while to copy my style
But child what I'll compile is too versatile
I'm too superior, it's sort of like comparing a
Spanking new Desert Eagle to a rusty little derringer
But skip the tool, let's try to deal here with the jewel
That I'm droppin on you, now let me take you all to school
You see, to graduate in hip-hop you must be smart
And no you don't have to know how to paint to make your rhymes a form of art
Poetry and literature is what makes this English fanatic
Now dig this, I drop science but still deal with mathematics
And since I don't be dealing with what's considered a mystery
I learned the dead presidents to pass American History
Got my degree in rapology
Hip-hop had to set me free, look mom, a real emcee
So you want yours now, well don't get caught with your drawers down
Cause word life, this industry is half corrupt just like the Dogg Pound
You might also likeVerse 3
Rap godfather
Oh goodness gracious, you better make it spacious
For the vivacious, ostentatious, who feel courageous?
I put it on them using my tongue as a sword
But at times get broader than broad for those who insist to get floored
Whatever it takes to see your nerve gone, and word born
Black Caesar gonna get his swerve on
My name should be referred to in medical terms
Cause I get way up in the cut and I'm talking way worse than germs
You like to chase it playin catch like Tom & Jerry
But on the contrary, I'd rather sip the Dom Peri
Lay back in harmony, because it's so bizarre to see
That all the hard core rappers are slowly turning R&B
Well pardon me, you contradict yo'self, I see you not perfect yo'self
You like that type music yo'self, stick yo'self
What happened to black men of pride 'nuff men have died
Nowadays what's been applied, in hip-hop is genocide
That's when the rappers go get the clappers
Can't you see they trying to strap us just to trap us, good god it's backwards
One nation under a groove, that's how we move
It's time to teach the youth get it together show and prove
Me no run with the gun or speak of none for action
When you get done scream I'm the one, it looks like an illusion
I deal with equality so never call my brethren son
Yes mon, me got mad flava just like jerk chicken2Embed
Here's a little food for thought
As I tell it, cause if it happened to this cat
Then it can happen to you
Do the knowledge

I was sittin' outside double parked after dark
I think it was the corner of Nostrand and St. Mark
That's when this stray cat walked up to me
Now I was sure he would be
But you woulda thought he'd know me
Tellin' his life story to me
He said 'Yo Kane', since way back in his life
Days of Rappers Delight, yo he was after the hype
He rocked the Kangols, Adidas when Run and them had that spot
When I came out, he had a flat-top
And when Naughty came out, a couple years ago
He even tried the braids up in his hair, but they ain't hear him tho
Vexed and down, you know next he found
Heavy D was blowing up, so then he tried to gain extra pounds
No thanks to that, they ranked him wack
Only thing that's left to do, was to go gangsta rap
So now he rhyme about the keys being sold
The G's being fold, the trees being rolled
Now sure he should, he started acting like he from the hood
Talking thug game and had his record sales doing good
And so now, you on the road to riches
Referring to the womankind as hoes and bitches
Yeah, you the man now because you rap different
But you got your 7 year old daughter listenin'
The twist begin
When that the image you projecting
It starts to reflecting on your shorty cause she checking
You might also like
Do you really know
What's the path that you really need to go
And what example you really need to show
The good rep or the hood rep
While she's walking in her father's footsteps

It be that excess drama, wonder rhymer
That could make one rapper, convert to, gun clapper
That acting buckwild, boy you know that ain't your style
Plus your thug profile is now reflecting on your child
You thinking that it couldn't happen
But then it happen
And now you're rappin, came back to haunt you
Because you want to
Be in her face puffin' li with your crew
You even let her take a sip or two upon your brew
Instead of tryin to shed light, to keep her head right
So that she wouldn't do the things that the next kid might
Oh now you never did consider tho
Your kid could go
Trying to do the things she saw you do up in your video
You went upstairs thinking that she wasn't able
Slipping, left your Glock sittin' pon the coffee table
So as you hang, with your gang, doin your thang
BLOWE! unexpectedly to your ears the shot rang
Came down, never thinking that you'd see what you saw
Right there, layin in blood across your livin room floor
So now, as you sit in grief, total disbelief
Cause everything that ever mattered
To you is all shattered
Instead of concentratin' heavily on what your rep be
You should have been thankful for your child like Cheryl Pepsi
Cause if you would have stayed aware
To whose in your care
She wouldn't be no casualty to your career"

Where did they find you?
You came into this game and let this new trend blind ya
A&R's was wrong to sign ya
You gotta be true to this game to stay in the art
But guys like you get bent apart
Because you ain't got it in the heart
Representing who? you better not be getting new
How you gonna be guerilla when you never been up in the zoo
Your whole persona's theatrical
Ain't nothing bout you natural
Here, show me now, how many gats you pull
Cause when you talk that talk
You gotta walk that walk
Or leave it up to the real OG's up North
Cause those who dramatize, realize, and be advised
You couldn't handle 3 to 5
Cause many seeking fortune and fame
Got caught in the game
Thinking the thug status was supporting the claim
All you gangsta acts y'all be guerillas on tracks
But relax, cause this is just wax
Tell em again
You gangsta acts be guerillas on tracks
But relax, cause this is just wax
One more time
Y'all gangsta acts y'all be guerillas on tracks
But relax, this just wax, nigga, damn
Embed
See the crowd in an uproar actin' unstable
Here comes Dark Gable raps remarkable
The mic ripper, cash flipper, Cristal sipper
Derrie're batalliere, that's French for ass whipper
Long time puttin' work in this, to be tremendous
If I'm not the best, then I'm a damn strikin' resemblance
I roll the dice on the streets that be cold as ice
And cause great disturbance just like a poltergeist
I come attackin' this enrage to disengage the missin' page
To the newest in age that's hittin' stage
(Now why that be?) For I be one that knows the art
To get you up and out your seat if you was Rosa Parks
Tell me, how much can you take from me, the man that make
Rhymes that be so butter, my breath smell like Land O'Lakes?
You know the lick, see me hit 'em like a brick
Plus my posse run thick, not that click from Mario flick
Beware of one of the best they be
You wanna test the God? I hope you mean the SAT
Because your poetasterous style, it plain, bore me
Pardon the vainglory, but here's the Kane story (come on!)

Bringin' you that uncut pure, knockin' at your door
About to give you more of the raw
Point yo' hands up to the sky-
You might also like
Ah, man, fuck the chorus
And let the lyrics sit up in the track like rigamortis
I spit a few to listen to when this I do it's as if you
Was invisible, it'll make your life miserable
Hip-Hop icon, keep a grip just like a python
I be that wrong one to get fly on
Boy, you got to get that player hatin' out you
That's the other side of the game and I ain't Erykah Badu
Black Caesar, don't you even reach my way
You soon to find a vital point that's on Priest Pai Mae
I heat it up to where I pasteurize half the guys
A fast demise, disaster lies as he dies
Confront one of the best at rhymin'
What I write it be so rough that my ink pen done need alignment
The untouchable, don't want to tempt me
I come kickin' through your door, unlawful entry
It be me, even though none of y'all want to see me
For real, damn, I know how Jehovah's Witness feel
I remember how I formed it up
Because I took what was raw and then I warmed it up
I turned the fire down to simmer as I calmed it up
But take a look, I think the Kane about to overcook
Come and get it, but you better come with paramedics
'Cause you couldn't bring it to me if you worked for Fed Ex
I come cuttin' through, split his gut in two
I touch 'em, what him do? You know the style ain't nothin' new
(Let's go!)
Bringin' you that uncut pure, knockin' at your door
About to give you more of the raw
Point yo' hands up to the sky, high
Get on down, baby, we keep it live
Bringin' you that uncut pure, knockin' at your door
About to give you more of the raw
Point yo' hands up to the sky, high
Get on down, baby, we keep it live

A good game it lets the plot thicken
But the thing that just ain't clickin' is the way y'all legalize trickin'
You talk about your ride when you don't even got one
But I can pull a hot one when inside of a Datsun
The wicked in the bed, plus the wicked in the head
When I shoot the game, it's like my tongue got infra red
Let the Messiah take you higher as I supply ya what you require
Desire and admire it entire
Sudden impact as I'm guttin' 'em, black
Closest thing to me would be (what's that?) Nothing in fact
I come with more in skill to always score and kill
Females adore and thrill, sweeter thing than Lauryn Hill
As I return with a vengeance, here comes the day of independence
Approach 'em all with some bad intentions
In other words, I'm makin' 'em resign
Diminish mine, runnin' through 'em like a finish line
Bringin' you that uncut pure, knockin' at your door
About to give you more of the raw
Point yo' hands up to the sky, high
Get on down, baby, we keep it live
Bringin' you that uncut pure, knockin' at your door
About to give you more of the raw
Point yo' hands up to the sky, high
Get on down, baby, we keep it liveEmbed
I be the Earth motherin', smotherin' MC's
Sha Queen covering 360 degrees
See I blow like the wind when I flow to this song
Cause a riot like Kaiser like that then I'm gone
I bring the fire burn it down to the ground
Think of dissin' me, Kane will leave that ass rotisserie (What)
Earth, wind, fire we be those elements
It's evident, as we come to represent

I feel the need to get iller than
All these fuckin' wack Mc's, realest Bitch that ever been
Dropped the hit single that was flying through the roof
I'm lyrical living proof, you can't handle the truth
After you heard me spit, still convinced that you ill
Who you tryin' to fool me or yourself, bitch for real
Everybody know the deal, you ever get a hunch
To fuck around with Sha-Queen, then I know you out to lunch
Break that meaning down, that means disturbed in your mental
And that's absurd, I kick the illest shit you ever heard
Every rhyme to the last line and pronouns and verbs
Too hard to see with your two eyes, then check with your third
My frequency's not tainted with thoughts of whores
That can only get raw on all fours, with sore back doors
Precisely, far from your average girl
So, sit back and shut the fuck up, cause Sha rules the world, word
You might also like
Listen there was a man in Brooklyn, New York C
Where the guys are fly and the ladies looking pretty
I'm a let you know, that stuff you pop is junk
Cause when I flow, it's the flavour of the month
Hold up don't worry about nothin', tot shit in a smash like crash dummies
This fast money, make me wanna fuck around and blast money
I heard your spot makes a lot and give you props
This deal is hot, runnin' from the cops'll get you shot
But don't sweat it, dry them niggas up like prunes
The war's on like Platoon
Shot through a crowd like a cartoon
Rappin' is fundamental, that's right, re-arranger
Hit you like Mortal Kombat, you in danger
I got the chronic, six million bionic
This rap shit make me wanna scream like Onyx
I'm comin' through, that's right I'm gonna split ya
Soul survivors on this track, we comin' to get ya
Woop, woop, five-o's comin' in the exit
Keys jinglin', nine danglin' to wreck shit
Step into my cypher, haven't you ever heard a
Throwin four five six, ceelo, to one twenty third a
x2
Earth, wind & fire you bout to learn
We can make the world turn, or make the world burn
The three deadly elements for your concern
Cause anything you want up out of life you got to earn
See now bring it brother well, well

Since hip-hop genesis, I been at this in the mix
In Bed Stuy tenements, rippin' rappers endless
But I won't sit and dwell upon the things I been had
Instead I appear, and take your fuckin' spot like Sinbad
Now, tell me who shall be first to suffer crucial
If you don't know defeat then allow me to introduce you
So how you want it, coming through beatin' ya down
Watching disaster strike when Busta Rhymes ain't even around
The Prince of Darkness be that one man
That made them Al B Sure lookin' niggas get a sun tan
What I drop should not be followed by anyone else
At times I'm scared to kick a second verse after myself
As I proceed, followers take heed
I made many men bleed, I made hairlines recede
This rap skill here, I destined for a mill-aire
And this is one ass whippin' you will wear, you still here?
x2Embed
There's no myth or fable about the pimpin' at your label
What goes on under the table, why you think your deal is so unstable?
Now, whose the macaroni, A&R's acting phony
Once you make the matrimony, then he start to slackin' don't he
Or could it be the president that's being hesitant
Playin' his artist like a corner workin' specimen
And I ain't kidding you when I say it's political
The way they make a ridicule of artists can be pitiful
You know damn well there shouldn't be no company CO
Trying to show me about rap that's 53 or so
But yet and still they want to add advice, trying to keep their status right
When they should be working records for Gladys Knight
Who shape artists, man they catching rape charges
Once you sign on the dotted line, they lead you in the blind
Then you find, your state of revenue remains the same
Cause you getting less points than Steve Kerr be getting in a game
And just because it be too hardcore to judge it
They won't even touch it, and get to frontin' on the budget
When new artists come out, I can foresee the worst outcome
Cause everybody I know got beat their first album
So I took my contract to a lawyer so he can check it out (He don't know)
Then I took it to Dionne Warwick so she can  read my hand (She don't know)
Chorus
It's a shame, when artists gotta deal with cheats
They got game, for every young rapper they see out on the streets
You sign your name, they get like Big Red on the Five Heartbeats
Now who the blame, when you starvin' and your record label eats
You might also like
Preach brother
They say the truth will set you free, but I see signs of treachery
Go on perpetually, here's how they get you G
They use the tricks, just to juice your mix
But cross be in their heart like a vampire stabbed with a crucifix
I had the enemy in my vicinity with the false identity
Of a friend to me to injure me
They ride along just to guide you wrong
Play like they beside you strong, and start to faking moves like Olajuwon
Who side you on, revealing all that low down dirty dealing
I can see your skin peeling it changed like a chameleon
First you believe in them, but once you disagree with them
They try to get Magilla repertoire and that ain't even them
And all those who has betrayed, be fast to fade
Cause they cast a shade, with the masquerade
What's dealt, is low blows below the belt
Lord have mercy, I know how Julius Caesar must have felt
I start to think back when I was just a youth
I should have listened to the words of the God Born Truth
He said, "look out for black snakes they all up in your cypher
Black snakes you can't see therefore they sneak up and they bite ya'"
They get to flippin' cause they think you slippin'
So remember, don't get to slippin' cause they get to flippin'
And trippin', what's that you grippin', beside your hippin'
You think my heart is skippin', go save that game for Scottie Pippen
It's a shame, to see how far left people be going
They got game, to think that all this time you said you know them
It ain't the same, Aah, so now you see the way they flowin'
Now who they blame, ain't nothing but a wolf in sheep's clothing

Now, wait a minute, I'm starting to see lotsa, hip-hop imposters
Is rap a category at the Oscars?
Too much Nino Brown up in your life
Cause since then, man I done seen Wesley Snipes playin' a drag queen
But yet and still you want to mimic the stars of cinema
Pretending huh? So full of it they need an enema
Cause see dig, they all like to talk big
But then they want to renege, when there's a curling iron in their wig
You talking loud and saying nothing, what's the world becoming?
The frontin', now pay attention you may learn something
Now, I ain't knocking you, but come on let's be logical
You know that it's impossible to stop the unstoppable
I would suggest that they, go back and check my resume
Cause tunes that I made yesterday, can hang out with the best today
Peace to Easy Mo, cause he makes the beats to flow
And I grab the microphone and flip it like pizza dough

Shame
Now who the blame
I need to be the Mayor, so I can change the things around here
I need to be the Governor, I need to be the Governor1Embed
Nobody can rap slicker
And as the record plays my pockets are getting thickerYou might also like1Embed
The young man that's had over thirty-five soul classics
Among these classics are tunes that will never die
Tunes like: "Funky," "I get raw," "Set it off,"
"Ain't no half-steppin'," "I'll take you there,"
"Yo, word to the mother," "The wrath of Kane,"
"Mister Cee got a master plan"
"This is the house that" "Cee" "Built, y'all"You might also likeEmbed
Mm, mm, mm
Aw yeah, I'm with this
I'm just gonna sit here laid back to this nice mellow beat, you know
And drop some smooth lyrics
'Cause '88 time to set it straight, know what I'm sayin'?
And ain't no half-steppin'
Word, I'm ready

Rappers steppin' to me, they wanna get some
But I'm the Kane, so, yo, you know the outcome
Another victory, they can't get with me
So pick a B.C. date 'cause you're history
I'm the authentic poet to get lyrical
For you to beat me, it's gonna take a miracle
And steppin' to me, yo, that's the wrong move
So what you on, Hobbs, dope or dog food?
Competition, I just devour
Like a pit bull against a Chihuahua
'Cause when it comes to bein' dope, hot damn
I got it good, now let me tell you who I am
The B-I-G D-A-double-D-Y K-A-N-E
Dramatic, Asiatic, not like many
I'm different, so don't compare me to another
'Cause they can't hang, word to the mother
At least not with the principal in this pedigree
So when I roll on you rappers, you better be
Ready to die because you're petty
You're just a butter knife, I'm a machete
That's made by Ginsu, wait until when you
Try to front, so I can chop into
Your body, just because you tried to be basin'
Friday the 13th, I'ma play Jason
No type of joke, gag, game, puzzle or riddle
The name is Big Daddy, yes, Big, not little
So define it, here's your walkin' papers, sign it
And take a walk as the Kane starts to talk, 'cause
You might also like
Ain't no half-steppin'
I'm the Big Daddy Kane
Ain't no half-steppin'
I'm the Big Daddy Kane
Ain't no half-steppin'
I'm the Big Daddy Kane
Down the road
My rhymes are so dope and the rappers be hopin'
To sound like me, so soon, I'll have to open
A school of emceein' for those who wanna be in
My field and court, then again, on second thought
To have MCs comin' out soundin' so similar
It's quite confusin' for you to remember the
Originator, and boy, do I hate a
Perpetrator, but I'm much greater
The best, oh yes, I guess, suggest the rest
Should fess, don't mess or test your highness
Unless you just address with best finesse
And bless the paragraphs I manifest
Rap prime minister, some say sinister
Non-stoppin' the groove until when it's
The climax and I max, relax and chill
Have a break from a take of me actin' ill
Brain cells are lit, ideas start to hit
Next the formation of words that fit
At the table I sit, makin' it legit
And when my pen hits the paper, aw shit
I stop and stand strong over MCs
And devour with the power of Hercules
Or Samson, but I go further the length
'Cause you could scalp my Cameo and I'll still have strength
And no, that's not a myth, and if you try to riff or get with
The man with the given gift of gab
Your vocab, I'll only ignore
Be sleepin' on your rhymes 'til I start to snore
You can't awake me, or even make me
Fear you, son, 'cause you can't do me none
So, think about it if you're tryna go
When you wanna step to me, I think you should know that
Ain't no half-steppin'
I'm the Big Daddy Kane
Ain't no half-steppin'
I'm the Big Daddy Kane
Ain't no half-steppin'
I'm the Big Daddy Kane
Down the road

I appear right here and scare and dare
A mere musketeer that would dare to compare, put him in the rear
Back there where he can't see clear
Get a beer, idea or near stare, yeah
So on to the wannabe competition
Tryin' to step to me, must be on a mission
Up on the stage is where I'ma get you at
You think I'm losin'? Tsk, picture that

Ain't no half-steppin'
Ain't no half-steppin'
Ain't no half-steppin'
Ain't no half-steppin'
Mister Cee, step to me
Get on Get on down
Get on down down
Get on Get on down
Down
Get on Get on down
Get on
Get on Get on
Down (Look) Down (Look) Down (Look) Down

The name is Big Daddy, you know, as in your father
So when you hear a def rhyme, believe that I'm the author
I grab the mic and make MCs evaporate
The party people say, "Damn, that rapper's great"
The creator, conductor of poetry
Et cetera, et cetera, it ain't easy bein' me
I speak clearly so you can understand
Put words together like Letter Man
Now that's dictation, proceedin' to my innovation
Not like the other MCs that are an imitation
Or an animation, a cartoon to me
But when I'm finished, I'm sure that you are soon to see
Reality, my secret technique
Because I always speak with mentality
I put my title in your face, dare you to base
And if you try and come get it, yo, I'ma show you who's with it
So if you know like I know, instead of messin' around
Play like Roy Rogers and slow down
Just give yourself a break, or someone else will take your title
Namely me, because I'm homicidal
That means murder, yes, I'm out to hurt a-
-nother MC that try to get with me
I'll just break him and bake him and rake him and take him
And mold him and make him hold up the peace sign
As-salamu alaykum26Embed
Play me some more pimp shit
And you know Mister Cee, when I was leaving my house this morning
The young lady I was with she said to me:
Big Daddy, don't go, Big Daddy, please, please, don't go
I said: Baby, I got to go take care of business
And you know the romance with no finance is a damn nuisance
Ain't that right Ace?You might also like1Embed
Bust a move, we show and prove
Bust a move, we show and prove
Bust a move, we show and prove
Bust a move, we show and prove

Ha ha, hey hey, laugh now nigga
My man's right behind you, Kane pull the trigger
I don't play, I'm from the hill where shit is real
And I'll be on your ass like bugs on a windshield
So bring your grip or you can think twice
Cause I got more rhymes than a five pound bag of rice
I'm hitting hard, oh word, I'm gon' rock it
Once the shit drops, that's dough to the pocket
I cut hair and you still can't get no part
You couldn't deal with Scoob if we was playing cards
But if I got beef then it's time for code red
My gun is like a ho, it be taking mad niggas to bed
So hurry up and skedaddle
Even if you join the army, you still couldn't battle
So where you from? England, you somebody great?
You burning Scoob, "I don't think so mate"
I got the style that get you open like a bag of smoke
I'll have your friends saying "Ah man, that shit is dope"
Leave me alone when I'm rocking on the microphone
And play like E.T. and phone your black ass home
Yo Sauce, if you're down with the groove
Get on the mic and won't ya show and prove
You might also like
Hey, here I come with a slick rap, tic-tac-toe
When I flip tracks, so gimme my dick, back
I flow to it and through it, if you ever need to wonder
How you got dope like Sauce Money, you didn't do it
I write my own with bigger hope, drink of Scope
Wrote what I figured, nope, damn you dig a nigga doe
Rhymes too drastic, bastard, pull hookers like elastic
NBA style, fantastic
No time to bite, but I just might, tonight
I write left-handed cause I like to grab my dick with my right
Who could ever say that I don't get plenty play
Win lose or draw, I'm booking whores, anyway
As I get ready I'm steady if I go crazy I'd take Eddie
If I was Fred, I think I'd have to bone Betty
Sucking and lucking, hey, niggas I'm ducking, nay
Nada no never meaning ain't no motherfuckin way
Rappers get gassed come on and get fast
Try to get past when I blast, and you can hand over your ass
One line and that's fear
Rappers get so damn pussy they gotta go for a pap smear
So Shyheim, if you're down with the groove
Get on the mic it's time to show and prove

I spark the mic like weed that's in a cipher
And I get girls open like a reggae song by Tiger
So check me out, as I flip this here track kid
And make mad noise like a Metallica record
I'm psycho, a villain to the styles I be killing
When I'm thrusted, and all competition gets dusted
Cause I rock the world from U.S.A. to Asia to Russia
If your shit stinks I'mma flush ya, then bust ya
Like a crazy man from Cali son
My jams be packed like a Farrakhan rally, what?
You know my style, I put the F in effin foul
The Rugged Child lock shit down like Rikers Isle
And got more girls than a trailer load with Shabba
More Super than Cat, I'm the punani Don Dada
So Big Daddy, if you're down with the groove my man
Get on the mic and won't ya show and prove
Now tell me who is the man?
With the high-potent lyrics no rapper can ever stand
And stepping to me, thinking I can be touched?
Not even Michael Jordan'll gamble that much, yo
I get down on it and give it to rappers that even act like they want it
I come for your title kid, run it!
Or else get hit with the ultimate, too legit skit
Ahh yeah, that's that shit
Drop lyrics on ya, strong as ammonia
That'll dethrone ya, scorn ya, joan ya, I tried to warn ya
You was wack since I known ya, fake as a cubic zirconia
What I just shown ya, real lyrics doggone ya
Look inside my rap book at every text my man
And see that I got, more essays than the Mexican
The Messiah that's feared great, leaving rappers in a weird state
Scared straight, for their prepared fate
Strong as an elephant, intelligent, compelling and elegant
So well in it with every single element
And competition gets none
If I was wearing pantyhose you still couldn't give me no run
I see the way you're trying to get to me
But with that speech impedi-ment, man you gotta come better G
You're hitting all the wrong switches troop begin again
Mumble mouth rappers couldn't last a minute with
The non-resistable, non-competible
No No No I'm not saying I'm the best
I'm just saying I'm fucking incredible
And let's just make one more thing understood
That if I fart on a record, trust me nigga it'll sound good
So Jay-Z, if you're down with the groove, my mellow
Get on the mic it's time to show and prove
One checking it two, checking it three
Check out the J, check out the A, check out the Y, check out the Z
Aight G!
I'm breaking MC's up like EPMD
And these nuts if you rappers trying to see me
I'm buckwild with styles, ta-dow
I've been in it running a hundred miles I'm well endowed, baby gal
Uhh, the greatest nigga to touch it, you niggas can't fuck with
The, incredible skills of the G from Brooklyn, big up kid
And ain't no eating me up, you fast fuckin with jigga
I'm like Prince jeans, I bring the ass out a nigga
When I rock it it's in the pocket, baby mop it don't knock it
Till you try it, once you start, you can't stop it
I'm the cocky breed, I'm dope like poppy seed
I live one rent from besides that be
Between get off my dick and stop jockin me
When I bust a rhyme you're diggin the sound
I know you loving the way it's, goin down baby
So Ason huh, if you're down with the groove, why don't ya
Get on the mic and show and prove
Come on
Wu-Tang killa bees on a swarm
Rain on your college ass, disco dorm
Slippery when wet and don't you ever forget
You couldn't get a flick, of the hype outfit
Because the way that I dress this style mad wild
Enough to make a crowd of women scream "Ow!"
Whether at a party or just in bed
All thoughts on Ason, keep that in your head
Yuh, my beats are funky and my rhymes are spunky
Sometimes I'll be like "Well god damn what's the recipe?"
I don't know, I ask my momma she don't know
She says "Go ask your goddamn father!"
It's all about me in the place to be
Niggas think they all that, yo, that shit is G
Mad game and it's a motherfucking shame
How many enemies wanna claim the name
Of Ason, who carries on like a manager
Yo! Sounds fly, right?
Danger!!!7Embed
Kick a rhyme spectacular, think the nigga think he Blacula
I seen somebody trying to get him with sunlight
Somehow it wasn't done right, then he just laced him with one bite
Go for the jugular vein, that's my new thing
How did he do it with two fangs, think they were gold like Wu-Tang
Your luck has been changed, you're left strucken with pain
Well good for your ass kid, that's what you get for fucking with Kane
See, I creep on MCs like po' nine and take rhymes the whole nine
To dig in you rappers like a coalmine
Now look what I dug me, somebody better turn me off or try to unplug me
Ooh it's starting to get ugly
Don't miss this, hold on with a clenched fist
As I tongue the microphone down just like a french kiss
Relentless with lyrics that be brutal, hip-hop I stay true to
Put it on you like voodoo
Chorus
Unda presha, niggas unfold and felt the heat
Possessed with the Brooklyn techniques we freak
Ayyo Kane, hit us off with that shit one time
They can't believe it, infatuated hardcore rhymes
When you digging out your girl from behind, you're gonna find
The reason that her eyes are closed, Black Caesar's on her mind
Your royal smoothness, honeys out there know how it goes
Even cabesa de pollos that habla Espanol
Dig this now, run for your life to get away but none do
Even if you escape just tell me who can you run to
Test the stupendous, tell me what was you to gain
Internal bleeding due to Kane
Boom bow bow, ooh the pain
Nobody's equal, keep it lethal and diesel, to see to the people
And reach your cerebral cause that's how we do
The pain gets inflicted, fake MCs get evicted
Face it, truth of the matter is just that I'm too hard to get with
Since days of Pro Keds, I shined over mad heads, roll up on you like the feds
Rip your whole set to shreds
A crash or a wreck, because I mash for respect
Only thing I want to know now is, is this cash or a check?
You might also likeChorus
Ain't no question, I'm suffering a bad case of lyrical congestion
Not the one for testing
Come mess with and end up with your chest split
No not because of cardiac, but because how hard he act
I'm recognized as the microphone destroyer
Competition minds up in the state of paranoia
I said if you're scared get a dog
So by tomorrow you'll probably see twenty rappers walking with Rottweilers
Your gimmick is primitive and impotent
You won't win with it so limit it
Before I make your body start to hemorrhage
Just when you thought that you was burning me
You found yourself bleeding internally
Now you heads is learning see
I stay in there sincere
You commence prayer, your heart begins fear cause there ain't no wins here
Huh never kid, even with leverage
I can rock your headpiece worse than the wop ever did
I damage a amateur with a lack of stamina
Petty grammar will leave you for the medical examiner
You come talking about some stay real
I have you hitting high notes like Curtis cause of pain that you may feel
So many tried to infiltrate but couldn't penetrate
Now they disintegrate as money generate
From who? The living legend, true indeed, hip hop veteran
Whipass is probably out there but I swear I never met him
Give me mineEmbed