Yo, something's wrong here. No, not again!
Get the daisies for the (Potholes in my lawn)
(Potholes in my lawn, potholes in my lawn)

Everybody's sayin' what to do when
Sucker lunatics start diggin' and chewin'
They don't know that the Soul don't go for that
Potholes in my lawn
And that goes for my rhyme sheet
Which I concentrated so hard on, see
I don't ask for maximum security
But my dwellin' is swellin'
It nipped my bud when I happened to fall into a spot
Where no ink or an ink-blot was on a scroll
I just wrote me a new 'mot' but now it's gone
'Cause those suckers knew that I hate
To recognize that every time I'm writin' it's gone

Yodel-a-hee, Yodel-oh-hee, Yodel-a
Yodel-a-hee, Yodel-oh-hee, Yodel-ee-hee-hee-hee
Potholes in my lawn

I've found that it's not wise
To leave my garden untended 'cause eyes
Has now pardoned all laws of privacy
Even paws are after my writer, see
I pursue that everyone's sayin'
What to do when suckers are preyin'
Upon my well-guarded spreadsheets
Oh why, hell does it send up fleets
Of evil-doers through the big hole
To get to evil-doers who dig holes
Which leaves my lawn with lawn-chew
I think I'd better plant traces to give clues
Or better yet call 9-1-1
And when they get here I inform them I'm the Plug One
Offer up a chair and let them realize the reason
For concern of the Soul
'Cause we've come down with a case of potholes
You might also like
Yodel-a-hee, Yodel-oh-hee, Yodel-a
Yodel-a-hee, Yodel-oh-hee, Yodel-ee-hee-hee-hee

Who stole, who stole
Who stole the cookie from the cookie jar?

Now you got the method
What to do when you die
The death that I predict in "Plug Tunin'"
It's a shame that you deny to claim
That you stole my words of fame
That I wrote in my rhyme sheet
Which I concentrated so hard on, see
I don't ask for a barbed wire fence, B
But my dwellin' is swellin'
It nipped my bud when I happened to fall into a spot
Where no ink or an ink-blot was on a scroll
I just wrote me a new 'mot' but now it's gone
'Cause those suckers knew that I hate
To recognize that every time I'm writin' it's gone

Potholes in my lawn
(Yodel-a-hee, Yodel-oh-hee, Yodel-a)
(Yodel-a-hee, Yodel-oh-hee, Yodel-ee-hee-hee-hee)
Yo Pos, what are sucker MC's diggin'?
Potholes in my lawn. Yo, Dove, what are we fillin'?
We're fillin' potholes in my lawn. Yo Mase, what we doin'?
Potholes in my lawn. Yo Mase, what we for?
Potholes in my lawn. Yo, Prince Paul, what are you producin'?
Potholes in my lawn. Yo, we out here like what you hear, 40 ounces of beer, have no fear
In the house
The Daisy Age is here, sucker
Strickly Dan Stuckie
Strictly, yes, yes, yes
1988
Sucker, sucker, suckers
And, and, who in the house?Embed
This song does not contain explicit lyrics, but the thought is erotic. Awwww, baby!
DOVE:
Access to her code
Lovestruck Dove is Dove's mode
Took a look, dropped my books
Jenifa, oh Jenny
Breakfast was our greeting
Yogurt to verse is what I fed
Slipped a note, rocked my yacht
Jenifa, oh Jenny
Jenny, only thought about Jenny
But didn't think about Derwin
The Jimmy who's only a virgin
Steady we go, Jenifa led
Plug and a tune was freedom well said
So what's the fix, oh Jenifa
Can a brother the soul get swingin'?
POS:
The downstairs, where we met
I brought records, she cassettes
Lost the breaks, found her shape
Jenifa, oh Jenny
You might also likeTranscripts showed more than flirt
'I love daisies' read her shirt
Grabbed my jeans, Jimmy screamed
Jenifa, oh Jenny
Marvelous
Shaped like a vase
No one can live their life for Pos
Found a house, aroused my joust
Jenifa, oh Jenny
Her clothes, I did shuck
Just like Dan I strictly stuck
To the punt, she cried 'kick it'
Posdnuos was in
Jenny, only thought about Jimmy
But asked was I a virgin
Like some kid named Derwin?
She said 'Let's try it in the bathroom'
But 'Dnuos is way above sinks
So to the kitchen she did Dan
And came back wrapped in Saran
DOVE:
Positions, muscles flexed
Dove was lost in a Ghana hex
Passed her test, felt her teddy
Jenifa, oh Jenny
Notions soothed the mood
Dove was lost in De La heaven
Screwed Plug Two, did the do
Jenifa, oh Jenny
Jenny teased my homeboy Granny
In fact she teased so many
She was known as a garden tool
Did her thing while I plugged once
Hope she don't fall fat nine months
From now, I'll tell you what
Trugoy ain't ready
POS:
Warned out was my cater
My new dis was three days later
The door turned blue, you guess who
Jenifa, oh Jenny
Advance to the radio
Teddy persuaded us to turn off the light
Wanted me to rhyme while she
Wrapped me up in a ball of twine
No more, I dispatched
Was it Jimmy had met his match
Or could it be the realisation
All girls owned a Jenny
For normal health I had fought
A valuable lesson she had taught
Don't flaunt that the candy is good
Unless you came with plentyEmbed
Oodles and oodles of O's, you know
You get 'em from my sister
You get 'em from my bro
All I is is man, and once an embryo
Am I solid gold? I don't cast a glow
Yes, I guess it's reflex some have no control
I'd rather let a laughter and tally, off I go
Canoeing up the river or out into the O
You just know me not so not play the role
Some are lovey-Dovey, ah you crazies know
Some shake your hand but (this is called the show)
I was John Doe, now I'm Mr. Jolicoeur
Pissed with the witness, and now I adore
O's got the world cause O's was on tour
Girls gave the O's, and guys, oh for sure
Were they arose, well nobody knows
What do they mean, well here's how it goes
Oh shoot's got the O's when you hold the dough
You know who you are but they didn't know
And now with respect they flex like a pro
You're first another nigga but now an Afro
Oodles and oodles of O's and
Oodles and oodles and oodles of O's you know
Oodles and oodles of O's and
Oodles and oodles and oodles of O's you know
Oodles and oodles of O's and
Oodles and oodles and oodles of O's
You might also like
Last of the fast Plug pipers at the door
In your eyes burning like rubbing alcohol
Native is the Tongue that speaks the Guacomō
Kinfolk will play this in stere-ereo
Chanters play the part of a herd at a show
Pos prints the peace on his jeans or Girbauds
But let the herd know if beef they wanna throw
Lunches of punches is what I bestow
Oodles of O's enhance my ho's at mic checks
O's take the shape of medallions and specs
And don't forget the O's that let the air in my nose
Breathe in the fresh as the stale hit the road
Girls ask for flicks and I'll plot the pose
Eat the Al Greens, won't sniff the Kurt Blows
Mase got something to say and it goes
(Maceo is rocking on the radio)
Now I think we're talking 'bout the oodles of O's ya know
I think we're talking 'bout the oodles of O's
I think we're talking 'bout the oodles of O's ya know
I think we're talking 'bout the oodles of O's
I think we're talking 'bout the oodles of O's ya know
I think we're talking 'bout the oodles of O's
Yeah, we're talking 'bout the oodles of O's ya know
I think we're talking 'bout the oodles of O's
Hoods like to play macho, you know
Guns going "Bo!", people hit the floor
Don't have a piece but an arrow and bow
Target it firm cause I'm head Comancho
Charging barricades like a raging rhino
The donuts come big and some in jumbo
The landlord is finished but before I go
I'll give a shout out to Quest and my fellow Jungle Bros

Knocked by the dock of the bay by the shore
Swimming in the rhythm of the hi-de-hi-de-ho
Punk Pinocchios gotta go, gotta go
(What's the reason?) to be cheerful
Season is breeze, time to pimp promote
Nuts can no flow if the shade is in the dough
On with me hat, d-d-duh-duh-doh
Dreadlock is heading out the door y'all

Greetings, girl, and welcome to my world of phrase
I'm right up to bat
It's a Daisy Age and you're about to walk top-stage
So wipe your Lottos on the mat
Hip-hop love this is and don't mind when I quiz your
Involvements before the sun
But clear your court 'cause this is a one-man sport
And who's better for this than Plug One
Don't have to worry about me squashin' other deals
'Cause they've already been squished
Freeze a frame about moods the same
Which we can continue right behind the bush
You'll stay with me, I know this
And not because of all my earthly treasures
Or regardless to the fact that I'm Posdnuos
But because

I know I'll love you better

May I cut this dance to introduce myself
As the chosen one for speak
Let me lay my hand across yours
And aim a kiss upon your cheek
They name's Plug Two
And from the soul I bring you
The Daisy of your choice
May it be filled with the pleasure principle
In circumference to my voice
About those other Jennys I reckoned with
Lost them all like a homework excuse
This time the Magic Number is two
'Cause it takes two, not three, to seduce
My destiny of love is brought to an apex
Sex is a mere molecule
In this world of love that I have for you
It's true
I know I'll love you better

Now it's time to let this rhyme style
Get somewhat poured in the mold
Hold my hand, we'll pick my plantation
Of Daisies for a bouquet of Soul
Life will begin at the cut of a rim
Take it as filled to the rim as in brim
Squeeze your stoop like Betty Boop
We'll make Campbell's Alphabet Soup
And spell Plug One's within
Forward march is the say when transistors will play
Come into bed is the mood
Dolby sound will be then top crowned
When I put the needle into your groove
I got a good thing, and in full swing
I show this in gifts, words or letters
But even without those three
I know you'll be close to me 'cause

I know I'll love you better

It's I again and the song that I send
Is taking steps to reach your heart
Any moment you feel alone
I can fill up your empty part
We can ascend 'til we reach De La Heaven
And in a spin we'll hit the Top Ten
Then we could meet Mr. Stuckie
And Pos' brother Lucky will preach
Let the wedding begin
Shot by an arrow of cupid
Through the string of a G-clef
My dear, I claim you're def
And if you can hear me, by golly gee
Trugoy is ready for what you possess
We could live in my Plug Two home
And on Mars where we could be all alone
And we make a song for two
Picture perfect things and I sing of how
I know I'll love you betterYou might also likeEmbed
Hello
Meany, meany, meany, meany (Say what?)
Meany, meany, meany, meany (Say what?)
Meany, meany, meany, meany, mean
You gotta do that again, Dove
Meany, meany, meany, meany (Say what?)
Meany, meany, meany, meany (Say what?)
Meany, meany, meany, meany, mean (Okay)

Hello it's the Soul
Troopin' in wit the Jungle patrol
And this one's about the KO's, the knockouts out there
Who's holdin' my buddy
Hold up (Wait a minute)

Now just wait
We're gonna talk about Buddy on this plate
But before we let the herd out the gate
Make sure the all the levels are straight out the jungle
(The Jungle, the Brothers, the Brothers)

De La Soul, from the soul
Black medallions, no gold
Hangin' out wit Pos, hangin' out wit Mase
Buddy buddy buddy all in my face
You might also like
For the lap, Jimbrowski must wear a cap
Just in case the young girl likes to clap
Ain't for the wind but before I begin
I'll initiate the buddy with a slap

Now for the next
I'm the Q-Tip from A Tribe Called Quest
And when I quest for the buddy I don't fess
For my jimmy wants nothin' but the best (the best)
The best (ooh wee!)
Let's stick out jimmy and see what we can catch
(Stick em up, stick em up jimmy)
Nets won't be needed unless
(Jenny wanna get right to the flesh)
(Sweet little woman, sweet little woman)

I won't lie, I love B-U-D-D-Y (why)
'Cause I never let it walk on by
When it comes to me and Jenny I seem
(Very serious) like a Peek Frean
Buddy is the act that occurs on the lift
When Jenny and jimmy start shootin' the gift
Boy let me get shot I won't even riff
Buddy buddy, don't you know you make me go nutty
I'm so glad that you're not a fuddy duddy
Not too skinny and not too chubby
Soft like Silly Putty
Miss Crabtree, I hope that you're not mad at me
'Cause I told you that it was your buddy
That was making me ever so horny
Junglelistically horny

On the dial my buddy talks to me for a while
Plug Two is the (Q-Tip: Q to her Tip)
On the A side or sometimes the flip
(Never gonna flip this record)
Buddy is the bud to my daisy tree
And the Luden to my do-re-mi
And the pleaser to my man Plug 3
(Plug 3 gets all the buddy)

Behind my bush, my buddy likes the way that I push
And like a champ just knock it on out
Never ever once sellin' out
(Or let loose the juice)
My buddy helps me to
(De La my Soul)
Keepin' jimmy in total control
Without Jimmy I'd be on a roll
(La la la l-la la la la, la la la l-la la la la)

Hey girl I heard ya lookin' for some good times
If you Quest from the Soul, here's what we'll find
A whole lot of fun, lots of fun together
Just like kissin' cousins (yeah that's kinda clever)
Close like bosoms, bosoms stay close
If you be my buddy, I will boast
That we're like Ethel Mertz and Lucille MacGillicuddy
You can be mine and I can be your buddy

The best buddy's in evening wear
Long lovin' lets Tru know (he's in there)
I feel sorry for those who pay a fare (a fee) word to the D
I don't beg I just tease my buddy with my right leg
And when it's ready what's said is buddy is best in bed
(Word)

Fly buddy told us all to get into a circle
Said don't worry cause I won't hurt you
All I really wanna do is freak you (she freaked us)

And I watched and then I checked my Swatch
To see the time
The Soul had formed a buddy line
And that buddy was (mine all mine)

Now when Tribe, the Jungle, and De La Soul
Is at the clubs our ritual unfolds
Grab our bones and start swingin' our hands
(Then Jenny start flockin' in every brand)
'Cause Jenifa just wants to stay aware
Yo fellas, should we keep her aware?
(Mmm Hmm, yeah!)
10Embed
"Rock that shit homie"
"Gotta" "Rock"
"Lyte as a" "rock"
"A-a-a-a-a-as a rock"
"Cool breeze" "Rockin' it, rockin' it"
"Rock" "You gotta rock it"
"Keep on rockin'"
"Rock's the best" "Rockin' music"
"Cool breeze" "The king of" "Rock'n'roll"
"Rock, rock" "This world for you"
"King Ad-" "Rock the bells"
"I want" "Body body rock, body body rock"
"You are now rockin' with the best"
"I put this together to" "Rock the house"
"Knocker!"
"I wanna" "Rock" "with you"

Al Watts: Contestant #1, do you have the answer?
Contestant 1 (Dove): Umm... I wish my cousin Nag was here, he knows these things, no I'm sorry, I don'tYou might also like1Embed
Woah. Stay, stay, stay
(Daisy! Daisy!)
I love daisies, I love daisies
I love pushing up your favorite daisies
(Daisy!)
This is Posdnuos, the president of a paragraph

Paragraph, president
President preaching 'bout the on-tech
Known for the new step
Stop and take a bow
Amityville, resident
Resident supported by the speaker view
Want to feel it in your shoe
Let me show you how
Platform, witnesses
Witnesses, show you to my show-lab
Fill you with my vocab
Hope you have a spoon
Discuss, contracts
You like the way I vocalize
And bring it to a compromise
My P.A. won't set up till noon
It's a DAISY age
You might also like
Sun, ceiling
Ceiling connects to the sun
Burning inside everyone
On a side, plug-a-fied sire
One, million
Demonstrations have been heard
My hair burns when I'm referred
Kid shouts my roof is on fire
Go, dancing
Dancing like a bandit
Psychics try to stand it
Keep it up until they burn a cell
Ro-mancing
Romancing dialect in shows
Posdnuos creating flow
You say you didn't know
Oh well, it's a DAISY age

Pedal, promenade
Promenade people to the providence
Dove will show dominance
Inside of every phrase
Rebel, renegade
Renegade reaching only topflight
Can't find your new height
Think you need a raise
Dialect, ultimate
Ultimate strings from the soul stuff
Copies always staying rough
Before they go to plate
Try a pack, it'll stick
Stick to you but won't deflate
Keeping all the levels straight
I tell you, mate, that we're top rate
Cause it's a DAISY age
The speak, motor
Motor is the heart beat
Sleeping in your car seat
Kept alive to every mile discovered
Complete, quota
Quota sharp at 12 noon
Risen to a new tune
Positive is greater than the others
Image, mirror
Mirror image don't contend
Vocals should be comprehended
Silver audience'll say what's said
Scrimmage, nearer
Nearer to the goal line
Forget about the rose vine
The Soul will let you know it's time
And it's a DAISY age

La la la la, la
This is a DAISY age
La la la la, la
This is a DAISY age
La la la la, la
This is a DAISY age
La la la la, la
This is a DAISY age
This is a DAISY age
This is a DAISY age
This is a DAISY age
This is a DAISY age
La la la la, la
This is a DAISY age
La la la la, la
This is a DAISY age
La la la la, la
This is a DAISY age
La la la la, la
This is a DAISY age
La la la la, la
This is a DAISY age
La la la la, la
This is a DAISY age
(Sing about, sing about the DAISY age)
(Let it rain, let it rain, rain on a DAISY)
(Rain on, rain on)
(All y'all suckers can undes-)
Al Watts: Now we're at the end of the show
Contestants, do you have any answers?
Contestants: Um.. *mumbling* yo mama!
Al Watts: For those of you who think your answers are correct, Don, tell them where to send the answers to
Don Newkirk: Thanks Sal! for all you listeners at home who think you have the right answers, jot 'em down on a four-by-ten sheet of paper and get two proof of purchases from the back of the album and send 'em to Tommy Boy Records in care of "Dante the Scrub"
1747 First Avenue, New York, New York 10128
For those who have all four answers correct, you will receive a specially selected grand prize
Thanks and goodnight, for 3 Feet High and Rising, this is Don NewkirkEmbed
Once again it's time to buy more soul
A flavor you will savor in your soul
Wax is distributed and then sold
So watch it turn, bring your next of kin soul
P.A. Mase has rocked it on the console
Scream real hard until you blow your tonsils
Bang-oh-bang until you burn your shoe soles
Cause you are now dancing to the new soul

Live is the motion of the soul step
Set the exposure to my one step
This scene'll last to the next step
All those in favor take a big step
True to the Soul, we'll never back step
In sense to that, we don't half step
Just as a reminder from the last step
Negative ones are lost in footsteps

Levels we've set will never go down
Competitions commence the step down
Those involved with peace who know the Soul's down
Can see that the Soul has got a new sound
Dance until you find yourself a new part
If you don't then I'll give you the True part
When received you'll see the real small part
Of the new way is no part at all
You might also like
Pos and Dove is rarely caught not dressed in peace
Movements always walking round now stressing peace
When this biter should know true in peace
Instead they cause violence and shoot out beef
Still we are professing to be on a roll
Public cause this party going on the road
And if you crave sex, drugs and rock'n'roll
Sent by the Quest, Jungle and De La Soul
Give 'em a taste, Mase3Embed
I am Trugoy
A Dove-like boy
Could wingspread
But instead
I will employ
MASE:
Me thee, Plug Three
Or Baby Huey
I eat up
All ketchup
For its tendency
POS:
I am Plug One
I'm 19 years young
I love peace
Well at least
I think we need some
Q-TIP:
I'm Q-Tip y'all
3 Feet produced by Prince Paul
This session
Was lessoned
By one Qualiall
You might also likeGRANNY:
I am Granny
Thank discoriety
The 3, 4
Yo, no more
I need peace for me
CHINA & JETTE:
I'm China
I'm Jette
The Cue Cards we inject
We're crazy for Daisies
When we're on the set
PAUL:
Will rise, not fall
Definition, Prince Paul
I mentor
Don't be sore
When I say
That's allEmbed
Prince Paul likes Buddy
Posdnuos likes Buddy
Trugoy likes Buddy
Mase likes Buddy
Wouldn't you like Buddy, too? Ooh
Prince Paul needs a haircut
Mase needs a haircut
Posdnuos needs a haircut
Trugoy would you please give us a haircut?
Prince Paul needs a Luden
Trugoy needs a Luden
Posdnuos needs a Luden
Mase needs a Luden
Everybody I want to just get a Luden
Paul has dandruff
Posdnuos has a lot of dandruff
Mase has big fat dandruff
Trugoy has dandruff
Everybody in the world, you have dandruff
Dante is a scrubb
Dante is a scrubb (scrubb)
Dante is a scrubb (is a big scrubb)
Dante is a scrubb (a super scrubb) (scrubb)
You might also like(And ya not gettin' the haircut either, scrubb!)Embed
Uh-huh!)
MASE:
Yo yo yo yo! We got De La Soul in the house, the producer Prince Paul
P.A. Mase, and I wanna know one
Thing! Yo, yo! You gotta show right up your hands, let me hear you say
Aa-ow!
(AA-OW!!)
Aa-ow!
(AA-OW!!)
Come on! Come on! Come on!
POS:
Plug One on the mic, P-L-U-G-O-N-E, yo what's up, you know about Jimmy
You know about Jenny, I want
Everybody in this place, c'mon, say Plug it up!
(PLUG IT UP!)
Say Plug it up!
(PLUG IT UP!)
You got somebody next to you with some bad-ass breath, I want you to
Tell that brother, come on, tell him "Take
A Luuden!"
(TAKE A LUUDEN!)
Say take a Luuden!
(TAKE A LUUDEN!)
Plug Two!
You might also likeDOVE:
What's up! Here we go!
If you like to drink some soda, let me hear you say Coca-Cola!
(COCA-COLA!)
Coca-Cola!
(COCA-COLA!)
Stop!
PAUL:
Ah yeah, pump it, pump it, ah yeah, pump it up!
You if you got doo doo in your pocket, you got doo doo in your pocket
Put one hand in the air like this, wave it
Back and forth, say doo doo!
(DOO DOO!)
Say doo doo!
(DOO DOO!)
Come on! Ah yeah!
MASE:
Yeah yeah this is Plug Three! This is Plug Three! Yeah! Say hoo!
(HOO!)
Hoo!
(HOO!)
POPMASTER HIGHT:
Hey De La Soul, you fucking lasagna heads, that's better than my mama's
Lasagna! Hey! Hey, come on! That was
Freakin' A, man! I really wanna take it back home with me, you know! I
Really get into your fuckin' music! It's so
Excellent! Ah, you big sconzilli heads! De La Soul's so fuckin' great!
DOVE:
Let me hear you say 'I like to eat that...'

Al Watts: Okay, Contestant 3. Do you have the answers?
Contestant 3 (Pos): Nada nuncaEmbed
Al Watts: Hey, all you kids out there! Welcome to Three Feet High and Rising! Now, here's what we do. The following contestants, how are you doing, contestants?
Contestants: Okay. Alright'. Yo Mama
Al Watts: So fellas, tell us a little bit about yourselves. Contestant number one!
Contestant 1 (Dove): How ya doin', Al. Just came all the way down from Wichita just to be on this show. You know it's gonna be swell and I wanna win all the money. I wanna win all the money. See ya
Al Watts: All right, contestant number two
Contestant 2 (Mase): Excuse me, um, my name is, um, P.A. Mase, I'm from Australia, and I'm quite glad to be here
Al Watts: Okay, contestant number three
Contestant 3 (Pos):
Hello, my name is, uh, Plug One, and um... Let me tell you a little bit about myself, I like Twizzlers and um, I like the Alligator Bob, and my favorite drama movie is Bloodsucking Freaks, just like your mama
Al Watts: Okay, and contestant number four
Contestant 4 (Prince Paul): Hello, my name is Prince Paul and I'm just... glad to be on the show. Thank you
Al Watts: Okay, and now we've met our contestants, let's get to the game! I'm going to ask an amount of four questions, and you'll try to answer them correctly. Now, you out there in the audience can answer along with them! How many feathers are on a Perdue chicken? How many fibers are intertwined in a Shredded Wheat biscuit? What does 'Tuhs eht lleh pu' mean? How many times did the Batmobile catch a flat? Now that we know the questions, we'll let the contestants think them over, and we'll return right after these messagesYou might also like2Embed
Please listen to this simple De La style I'm gonna sing
It's strongly directed to all the misery you're bringing
Now I'm not all about dissing someone else personnel
But there's no quota on your odor
That's right, you smell
Now you might feel a little embarrassed, don't take it too hard
And don't make it worse by covering it up with some Right Guard
Before you even put on your silk shirt and fat gold rope
Please take your big ass to the bathroom
And please use
(A little bit of soap....)

Al Watts: Okay contestant #2, do you have the answers?
Contestant 2 (Mase): No, no I don'tYou might also like2Embed
(This is a recording) (Life)

Living in everyday is something
Something everyday like this is our livin'
Giving something sheer for the crowd is our major
Major to the crowd is to hear what we're givin'
No time to rest, we got work in the studio
Studio suppliers rest at no time
Showtime is enough when the Soul is performing
Performing is the Soul y'all, and it's showtime
Coping with dates in clubs, can't even lounge
Lounge with the homeboys how we are copin'
Scoping new material for Paul to plug high-pitched
High-pitched what Paul plugs in and still scopin'
Bearer of peaceful views to express peace
Peaceful expressions why we are bearers
What the Soul tries to project is when existing in rap
You're living in a fulltime era

(This is a recording!)
(This is a recording) (Life)

Puttin' in spin the rhyme, rappers fear so
Fear so much of what Pos is puttin'
Couldn't do better, the punks they don't try hard
Try hard enough, they don't, so they couldn't
No joke to what I do inside this field
This field to me is filed, there's no joke
So soak up the fact there's no part-time
Part-time rappers at, so soak
Taking in new ideals leads to new groups
New groups to better the Soul, I'm takin'
Wakin' from days and nights to do my best
(Your best gets us paid)
So I'll keep on wakin'
Wearer of a Plug logo to the dying
Dying are rappers who think I'm no wearer
What I'm trying to say is when dealing in rap
You're living in a fulltime era
You might also like
(This is a recording!)
(This is a recording) (Life)

Love is to all, to all goes my love
Dove comes to peace like stand comes to sit
Stand for the court, cause standing is healthy
Healthy in sense is mentally fit
Pause for the poets of a new style of speak
Just here to do the same with no trick
Grab the Plug Two's live wire, my brother
And find that you've grabbed my pet boa constrict
Ringo's the garbage I'm hearing
Seek for the truth, my brother is tearing
No time to back-step, cause if you back-step
Look what you stepped in, you stepped in mess
So look what's around you
Don't worry for the Soul will find the truth
About three years from now, you know why?
Cause we're living in a fulltime era

(This is a recording!)
(This is a recording) (Life)Embed
(Mary had a little lamb)
That's a fib—she had two twins, though and one crib
Now she's only fourteen, what a start
But this defect is ground common in these parts
Now life in this world can be such a bitch
And dreams are often torn and shattered and hard to stitch
Negative's the attitude that runs the show
When the stage is the G-H-E-T-T-O
Which is the one to blame when bullets blow
Either Peter, Jane, or John or Joe
But Joe can't shoot a gun, he's always drunk
And Peter's pimping Jane, and John's a punk
Infested are the halls, also the brains
Daddy's broken down from ghetto pains
Mommy's flying high, the truth is shown
The kids are all alone
'Cause it's just the ghetto thang

"It's just the ghetto thang" ("Word")
"It's just the ghetto thang" ("Word")

Who ranks the baddest brother, the ones who rule
This title is sought by the coolest fool
Define coolest fool? Easy, the one who needs
Attention in the largest span and loves to lead
Always found at the jams, but never dance
Just provoke violence due to one glance
The future plays no matter, just the present flow
When the greeting place is the G-H-E-T-T-O
Lies are pointed strong into your skull
Deep within your brain against the wall
To hide or just erase the glowing note
Of how to use the ghetto as a scapegoat
Truth from Trugoy's mouth is here to scar
Those who blame the G for all bizarre
So open up your vents and record well
Cus this is where we stand, for the true tell
Ghetto gained a ghetto name from ghetto ways
Now there could be some ghetto gangs and ghetto play
If ghetto thang can have its way in ghetto range
Then there must be some ghetto love and ghetto change
Though confident they keep it kept, we know for fact
They lie like ghettos form, cause people lack
To see that they must all get out the ghetto hold
The truth they never told
Cause it's just the ghetto thang
You might also like
"It's just the ghetto thang" ("Word")
"It's just the ghetto thang" ("Word")

Do people really wish when they blow
Out the cake candles, and if so
Is it for the sunken truth which could arise
From out the characters in which the ghetto hides
Roses in the ring supply their shown relief
Granted it's planted by their shown belief
Kill and feed off your own brother man
Has quickly been adopted as the master plan
Posses of our people has yet to provoke
Freedom or death to them, it's just a joke
What causes this defect, I don't know
Maybe it's the G-H-E-T-T-O

"It's just the ghetto thang" ("Word")
"It's just the ghetto thang" ("Word")

Standing in the rain is nothing felt
When problems hold more value, but never dealt
With buildings crumbling to the ground
Impact noise is solid sound
But who's the one to say this life is wrong
When ghetto life is chosen strong
We seem to be misled about our dreams
But dreams ain't what it seems
When it's just the ghetto thang
"It's just the ghetto thang" ("Word")
"It's just the ghetto thang" ("Word")
"It's just the ghetto thang" ("Word")
"It's just the ghetto thang" ("Word")
"It's just the ghetto thang" ("Word")
"It's just the ghetto thang" ("Word")
"It's just the ghetto thang" ("Word")
"It's just the ghetto thang" ("Word")

"Word"
"Word"2Embed
(Got to have soul)
Three, that's the magic number
(Three) Yes, it is, it's the magic number (Three)
Somewhere in this hip-hop soul community
Was born three: Mase, Dove and me
And that's the magic number
(What does it all mean?)

Difficult preachin' is Posdnuos' pleasure
Pleasure in preachin' starts in the heart
Something that stimulates the music in a measure
Measure in the music, breaks in three parts
Casually see but don't do like the soul
'Cause seein' and doin' are actions for monkeys
Doin' hip-hop hustle, no rock and roll
Unless your name's Brewster, 'cause Brewster's a Punky (Three)
Parents let go, 'cause there's magic in the air
Criticizing rap shows you're out of order
Stop, look and listen to the phrase Fred Astaires
And don't get offended while Mase do-si-do's your daughter
A tri-camera rolls since our music's now set
Fly rhymes are stored on a Da.I.S.Y production
It stands for "Da Inner Sound, Y'all" and y'all can bet
That the action's not a trick, but sure 'nough a function
(What does it all mean?)
You might also like
Everybody wants to be a DJ
Everybody wants to be an Em Cee
But being speakers are the best
And you don't have to guess
De La Soul posse consists of three
And that's the magic number
(Three)

This here piece of the pie
Is not dessert, but the course that we dine
And three out of every darn time
The effect is "Mmm" when a daisy grows in your mind
Showing true position, this here piece is
Kissin' the part of the pie that's missin'
When that negative number fills up the casualty
Maybe you can subtract it
You can call it your lucky partner
Maybe you can call it your adjective
But odd as it may be
Without my one and two where would there be
My three? Mase, Pos and me
And that's the magic number
(What does it all mean?)
Focus is formed by flaunts to the soul
Souls who flaunt styles gain praises by pounds
Common are speakers who honor the scroll
Scrolls written daily creates a new sound
Listeners listen 'cause this here is wisdom
Wisdom of a Speaker, a Dove and a Plug
Set aside a legal substance to feed 'em
For now get 'em high off this dialect drug (Three)
Time is a factor so it's time that counts
Count not the negative actions of one
Speakers of soul say it's time to shout
Three forms the soul to a positive sum
Dance to this fix and flex every muscle
Space can be filled if you rise like my lumber
Advance to the tune but don't do the hustle
Shake, rattle, roll to my magic number
(Three)

Now you may try to subtract it
But it just won't go away
Three times one?
(What is it?)
(One, two, three)
And that's a magic number

Yo, what's up?
One, two, three

(I say, children, what does it all mean?)

(Woah-woah-woah, one, two, three)

(I wouldn't lie to you)

(No more no less, that's a magic number (Three))
(No more no less)

(What it is)
(No more no less)

Is this the future?
(No more no less)

Do the shang-a-lang
(No more no less)

Lord, tomboy tryna talk to me
(No more no less)

Anybody in the audience ever get hit by a car?
(No more no less)

How high's the water, mama?
(No more no less)
How high's the water, mama?
(No more no less)
(Three feet high and rising)
(No more no less)

Three, that's a magic number6Embed
This is De La Orgee...
(Barry White on in the background, various male and female grunting, panting and screaming sounds
Including...)
(It's in there.)
(Say you like it. Tell me you like it.)
(I like it, oh I like it)
(More! More!)
(What's my name? What's my name?)
(Flip over!)
(Mase!)
(On your stomach. Put your face in the pillow.)
(Yes!)
(Seven feet. Seven feet long!)
(Mase: ???)
(Cut it!)
(You like Jimmy? Tell me you like Jimmy, tell me you like Jimmy.)
(I like Jimmy!)
(Scream for Jimmy.)
(I like Jimmy...)
(Cut the damn tape!)
(Cut it!)You might also likeEmbed
If I want to I could jump off this building
(It's Delacratic)
I could hold two pieces of doo-doo in my hand
(It's Delacratic)
I could call everybody in that room a rubberneck
(It's Delacratic)
Come on, please?
(It's Delacratic)
I can say anything that I want
(It's Delacratic)
I could wave my hand in my air
(It's Delacratic)
I could stick my hand up my nose
(It's Delacratic)
I could hold my foot and count to three
(It's Delacratic)
I can do anything
(Possie? Dovie? Masie?)
(Pass my bag.)You might also likeEmbed
Yo Pos and Dove, stand clear to be plugged up into line one and two
So y'all can flaunt the new style of speak
(And good luck to both of you)

Plug One, Plug Two, Plug One, Plug Two
Plug One, Plug Two, Plug One

Answering any other service
Prerogative praised positively I'm acquitted
Enemies publicly shame my utility
After the battle they admit that I'm with it
Simply soothe, will move vinyl like glue
Transistors are never more shown with like
When vocal flow brings it all down in ruin
Due to a clue of a naughty noise called
Plug Tunin'
(Hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmmmm)
(Mmm-hmm, yeah)

Flowing in file with a new style
Barrels are cleaned and loaded for salute
Chanters with the choice standing steady like my mouth
This paragraph preacher is now introduced
Drums are heard sounding off on each and every person
Vocal confetti is blown at top stage
Roses and violets aren't proper for throwing
When showing appreciation, why? This is a Daisy Age
Hands won't sweat cause there's no threat
Mic will stay dry while pitchin' so loose
Rhymes aren't fables but stable to be on time
Cause they're marketed and labeled sticker 'Posdnuos'
This pitch will fit with every consumer
Microphone loosed in cycles, start blooming
Profit and cost could never be lost
All due to a clue of a naughty noise called
Plug Tunin'
You might also like(Hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmmm)
(Mmm-hmm, yeah)

Plug One, Plug Two, Plug One, Plug Two
Plug One, Plug Two, Plug One, Plug Two

Dazed at the sight of a method
Dive beneath the depth of a never-ending verse
Gasping and swallowing every last letter
Vocalized liquid holds the quench of your thirst
Reasons for the rhythm is for causes unknown
Different individuals are dazzled with the showbiz
Auditions are gathered but the Soul would just rather
Hold a count at three and in the end leave it as it is
Flow to the sway of my do-re-mi
I'll fix lunatics who will hawk
Words are sent to the vents of humans
Then converted to a phrase called talk
Musical notes will send a new motto
Every last poem is recited at noon
Focus is set, let your polaroids click
As they capture the essence of a naughty noise called
Plug Tunin'
(Hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmmm)
(Mmm-hmm, yeah)

Vocal in doubt is an uplift
And real is the answer that I answer with
Dying yet live, what you must realize
That the tune that I present is surely not a gift
Different in style is definite
And style which I flaunt is sure legit
Now set aside, I say I hold pride
In performing this melodic misfit
So swing cause this pitcher is pitching
In sense JD Dove is now saying
All sing along to his favorite song
While the pocket transistors are playing
But least but not last I'm frightened
For the words that I reply hold doom
Life of the check can be stopped by accident
When you're tripping the wire of the Plug Tune
(Hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmm-mm, hmmm)
(Mmm-hmm, yeah)
(No-one that I know can live my life for me)
(Are you ready for this?)1Embed
Oooh noo-ohhh, noo-ohhh
Oooh noo-ohhh, noo-ohhh!
Oooh noo-ohhh, noo-ohhh
Oooh noo-ohhh, noo-ohhh!

It ain't all good, and that's the truth
Thangs ain't goin' like you think they should, it's all on you
It ain't all good, and that's the truth
Thangs ain't goin' like you think they should, it's all on you

I don't care about what you think you see
The things you want to know when you look at me
God knows I done been through and paid my dues
Can't change how you feel, 'cause it's all on you, woah, oh, yeah

I wish that, you could be a little bit more upfront
Weigh the situation how you want (right)
The loving that you claim is just a four letter word
The third letter's inviting so visualize the verb
You curve thought waves when you're handling the candelabra
So you sitting on the baby grand
Transmitting like you're made of man
But you paint a funny face like a chick
When I see you I'ma tell you quick that uhh
You might also like
It ain't all good, and that's the truth
Thangs ain't goin' like you think they should, it's all on you
It ain't all good, and that's the truth

I can't believe we built this large pizza pie together
No pepperoni
Yeah you wanted extra cheese, sometimes I gave you extras
How we divided slices like the Red Sea theory
I was Moses hopelessly scorned by your thorn Zipporah
Tried to bring that fairy-tale life, you wanted horror
But my microscope couldn't see or cope with that
I had to bolt from that, and left you dead in the sea
It's better for me, I'm satisfied with repping for D

We were certified hot, then dropped to lukewarm
Now we back up in the spot, claiming never been gone
Niggas who cut us off, wanna reattach us now
(Them girls who brushed us off, say they want some #'s to dial)
Yeah I give that ass a number, and some lumber to pile
Now catch a curve from my kick (or show me loving by brick)
So stick to the same plan, don't come shaking my hand
Like we peeps, it ain't beef but be sure to understand
Between us, it ain't all
It ain't all good, and that's the truth
Thangs ain't goin' like you think they should, it's all on you
It ain't all good, and that's the truth
Thangs ain't goin' like you think they should, it's all on you

You see them kids be scheming on what we done copped
Always out there scheming!
They steady fiending for the moment they can get us off the block
Why they always fiending?
Your people might have your back, but you need to watch your front
Indeed, ain't nothing guaranteed
That's the truth! Things ain't goin' like you think they should
A lot say they wanna walk in my size 10's
Alright then; here's a pair
Lace 'em up tight then you might feel what was dealt to me
You see ain't no young boys up in here; keep a clear head
Trying to keep my pockets on stuffed, like deer heads
Upon the wall, so all the gall we get from y'all don't phase
So mind your biz and walk away
'Cause I'm never gonna let you up inside my maze

I don't care about what you think you see
The things you want to know when you look at me
God knows I done been through and paid my dues
Can't change how you feel, 'cause it's all on you, woah, oh, yeah
It ain't all good, and that's the truth
Thangs ain't goin' like you think they should, it's all on you
It ain't all good, and that's the truth
Thangs ain't goin' like you think they should, it's all on you2Embed
Ladies and gentlemen
We got De La up in the house tonight
They just walked up in here
We gon' see if they can come up here
And do a lil' somethin' for us

Yo, it's star-studded in here
I'm on the moon like the first man
First can I grab is gon' get it
She all independent but want her throat wetted
Tight from the floor to height
See I saw the night, in dream bubbles I fiend to see double
So I sip until my bladder bust
You in V.I.P., so why you mad at us? (Word)
Boxed in, I'm in the world fox-trottin'
Gettin' my Fred Astaire on, follow my lead girl

Me and you, come over, we
Do it like the cha-cha, just
Like we at the Cop-a, Ca-bang-a (uh-huh)
Me and you, come over, we
Do it like the cha-cha, just
Like we at the Cop-a, Ca-bang-a (uh-huh)
You might also like
For all my niggas runnin' around like the mothership landed
Or is it because there's some mothers who handed
Their daughters over to the nightlife
Yes we tryin' to find a night wife to get wit
Interface with they whole clique, I've forced to draft
I get the first pick, run this easily
Keep cool like D, Joey and Jay
Around the way, we're goin'
But first tell all these women who ain't knowin'

Me and you, come over, we
Do it like the cha-cha, just
Like we at the Cop-a, Ca-bang-a (uh-huh)
Me and you, come over, we
Do it like the cha-cha, just
Like we at the Cop-a, Ca-bang-a (uh-huh)
Me and you, come over, we
Do it like the cha-cha, just
Like we at the Cop-a, Ca-bang-a (uh-huh)
Me and you, come over, we
Do it like the cha-cha, just
Like we at the Cop-a, Ca-bang-a (uh-huh)

Yo I talk no shame upon this
I got aim all on this to shoot and score the trout
Who's actin' all cute and out of position while I'm wishin'
To get her bottom limbs arched like a grasshopper
Puttin in work to make it last proper
Ninety percent of the time is on my mind frame
So I'm game to reign up to par
While my fam runs it cool up at the bar, I stay clearheaded
Lettuce enough cheese to get shredded
We like Navy Seals lookin' for the gold
Our natural appeal got them others on hold
Them girls dealin' with us tonight
Came with the large appetite and got served
Got nerve to think less, you can bless me and my kinfolk
Rushin up against my yolk-sac promote that
Pimp play upon how we get it on for real!
Me and you, come over, we
Do it like the cha-cha, just
Like we at the Cop-a, Ca-bang-a (uh-huh)
Me and you, come over, we
Do it like the cha-cha, just
Like we at the Cop-a, Ca-bang-a (uh-huh)

You see you hopeless up in the spot
Talkin a lot of champagne taste holdin' 40-ounce pockets
Switch the sprocket to gear to top of the year
We gon' drop it like confetti on it, get ready on it
Her fast ass wanna get all Andretti on it
Makin my main man Poke like Trackmasters
Blazin-trail, we Portland to Nor-ton
"Honeymoon" flicks don't exist in this
I sip a little left to twist spines together
Vertical hold, we gon' combine together (yeah)
Even if we spill the love
We got compliments up at the front door
Just tell em Dullah sent ya
Thirty-minute Tae*Bo shit's how I bench ya
All on a Saturday night, step to life
I love the way Sally walk
Bowlegged in a two-piece steel, we live in New York
We live in New York
Me and you, come over, we
Do it like the cha-cha, just
Like we at the Cop-a, Ca-bang-a (uh-huh)
Me and you, come over, we
Do it like the cha-cha, just
Like we at the Cop-a, Ca-bang-a (uh-huh)
Me and you, come over, we
Do it like the cha-cha, just
Like we at the Cop-a, Ca-bang-a
Me and you, come over, we
Do it like the cha-chaEmbed
Who you foolin'? Only foolin'
Who you foolin'? Only foolin'

Yo, I stay cousin to this, introducing Mr. Dave Banner
Scannin' proper with my sight muscle
This rap shit, is just my night hustle
My J-O's to stay fearin' of my G-O-D
Whether what may, meet me at the front door
See the pressure got a nigga knockin shit off his desk
'Cause of the stress I stack words make cats bruise they neck tissue
Stay pertinent to the issues
Cut your tag too close, display these verses tight, virtuals
Sort of like we supposed to, pantyhose raps you run
Stay dumb like black folks who boasts C's
Mostly fakin' it, to make it

I play low-key 'til it's time for you to know me
Stir my lime with light, drink it down slowly
Holy shit, now look what I get
A whole string of party people wanna run in my mix
In my world, they wanna fit like melanin in a tit
Jam tight, they ain't my fam, alright? They ain't my people
Them niggas screamin' fam 'til they rank measure equal
Then vote, without leavin' a note, and that was all she wrote
Arranged, produced, my slang's obtuse
But some distort, tellin' stories like Mother-the-Goose
My true fam's is David J back since with Vince Mason
We'll draw on three, leave that body for the tracin'
Ultimate high, like them drugs you be lacin'
Coulda stood next to me, at the top of the key
But you had to play gutter, didn't want to climb
Now you find yourself talked about in my rhyme
You might also like
While you fools claim corners, we gon' claim theories
Y'all some stickball niggas, we the World Series
Been here, just pleadin' the same case
Ever since we spaced about three feet
Pinchin your ears, inchin' for years
But you still stuck at the mezzanine and
We at the penthouse level with the same old rugs
Same old tubs, same old tables and same faults
Same crew and the same old train of thought

My guess, you need to head West (Who you foolin')
Thought we'd fall for your phonyness you're (Only foolin')
Yourself, thought you were down, it takes more than a smile
And a couple of pounds to be crew
Man, you bound to get your tail caught (Who you foolin')
Spreadin' yourself thin see you're (Only foolin')
Yourself, thinkin' all you need is the wealth
You need to peep your whole circle out

Yo, since Jam Master Jay been rockin' without a band
And that sister K.D. Lang been sexin' without a man
We brought our ultimate plan to birth
Put in work for this game, it's not a game to me
We've been furnished the props
Now we out to furnish properties we own
That's right, so cats might know we ain't home
My throne's threatened by fiends, try to do dirt
Play Tony Randall, have that ass cleaned
Unveiled I see your exhibition, y'all need to cover that
Fatherless styles, y'all really need to mother that
Same expose, different page
But when you see me in it it's the same old Dave

Y'all silly, you're just a civili', I'm a soldier
Troopin in this path 'til the death won us over
So if life is a party begin, to understand
Just like the DJ, we stayin to the end

How you think you gon' get away? (Who you foolin')
Changin faces on the regular you're (Only foolin')
Yourself, big top status, paintin' your face
Who you think you really gonna fool, huh?
We watch, what we got so (Who you foolin')
Around on my premises you're (Only foolin')
You, into thinkin' you can break in too
My place, and not have to face, our position

Who you foolin'? Only foolin'Embed
Now let's get right on down to the skit
A baby is brought into a world of pits
And if it could've talked that soon in the delivery room
It would've asked the nurse for a hit
The reason for this? The mother is a jerk
Excuse me, junkie which brought the work
Of the old into a new life, what a way
But this what a way has been a way of today
Anyway push couldn't shove me to understand a path to a basehead
Consumers should erased it in the first wave
'Cause second wave from believers and believers
Will walk to it then, even talk to it and say
(You got the body now you want my soul)
Nah, can't have none of that, tell 'em what to say Mase...

Say no go
Say no go
Say no go
*scratches*
Say no go
Say no go

Nah, no my brother, no my sister
Try to get hip to this
Word, word to the mother
I'll tell the truth so bear my witness
Fly like birds of a feather, drugs are like pleather
You don't wanna wear it
No need to ask that question, just don't mention
You know what the answer is
Now I never fancied Nancy but the statement she made
Held a plate of weight, I even stressed it to Wade
Did he take any heed? Nah, the boy was hooked
You could've phrased the word "Base" and the kid just shook
In his fashion class once an A now an F
The rock rules him now, the only designs left
Were once clothes made for Oshkosh
Has converted to nothing but stonewash
Now hopping in a barrel is a barrel of fun
But don't hop in if you want to be down, son
'Cause that could mean down and out as an action
What does it lead to? Dumb Dumb Dumb Dumb
People say what have I done for all my years
My tears show my hard-earned work
I heard shoving is worse than pushing
But I'd rather know a shover than a pusher 'cause a pusher's a jerk
You might also like
Say no go
Say no go
Say no go
*scratches*
Say no go
Say no go

Believe it or not the plot forms a fee more than charity
But the course doesn't coincide with the ride of insanity
Is it a chant that slant the soul to feel for it?
I know it's the border that flaunts the order to kill for it
Standing, scheming on a young one
Taking his time, eight-ball for a cool pool player
Racked it all, tried to break, miscued
Got beat by the boy in blue
Next day you're out by the spot once more
Looking hard for a crack in the hole
I ask what's the fix for the ill stuff, word to the Dero
The answer should have been no
Run me a score from the Funky Four Plus One More
(It's the joint!) Rewind that back
This is the age for a new stage of fiend
Watch how the zombies scream, "It's the crack!"
Plain is plain it should explain it from the start
Behind the ideals of cranking up the heart
Now the base claims shop over every park
Say no go
Say no go
*scratches*
Say no go
*scratches*
Say no go
*scratches*
Don't even think about it
Say no go
Say no go
Say no go
*scratches*
Say no go
*scratches*
Say no go
*scratches*
Say no go
*scratches*
Say no go3Embed
Yo
This girl called me the other day and said I'm back in style, yo
Hi Pos, heard your shit, back in style, baby
Ha

You need to stop
I declare that only live niggas rap this year
Jam's off the meter, yo, this shit is hot
There's always one
One
Wonder why
Amateurs get hung with they own gold chains
There it is
I declare that only live niggas rap this year

The average MC sells terror, we nail terror up against the wall for target practice
Not one of your top five MCs, but I see clearly with ease, you lack this
Coast to coast, we pop up on your scene like toast, playin' host to your regiment
Who rally to boast, but now boast no more, they got floored by the sight of my ledger print
I came specifically to fracture your ability to grandstand anywhere next to me
This is the year when the true better man keeps the cheddar and writes to his destiny (Word)
Timeless episodes of talent got me nominated by the ones who hated me on spittin' tighter
Salute these super MCs for bein' clever and never usin' weed as a ghostwriter
You might also like
I declare that only live niggas rap this year (Come on)
Jam's off the meter, yo, this shit is hot
Run a rapper through a maze like an experiment
Yeah, word up
I declare that only live niggas rap this year

Contrary to popular truth, these youth are runnin' scared, so in one stare, they gettin' strapped
Cash rules nothin' from below the belt, the dick choose to melt, askin' where them dollars at (Where them dollars at?)
Must've been bitten by a rabbit actin' silly like that, your pop culture need a diaper change
I'm snatchin' the mic like I'm lootin' with a whole lot of shootin' while you're keepin' out of sniper range
Your aim's to please, my aim's to freeze you dead center in your tracks with your hands high
Ain't no tricks, we set it to fire like Hendrix, all the hard rocks are liquefied
All over the scene, makin' it messy, so we make a clean getaway to a better day
Can't say the same for them cats who left the game 'cause they couldn't claim the better pay
This ain't no masquerade, so the mass parade of people need to stop frontin' (Stop frontin')
There's truly a few makin' them hits, while us, we got our mitts closed 'cause you on the field buntin'
Make it to third base, but never reach home, the word is, your whereabouts is unknown
While we're that point of view that you never really knew with the stitch to keep the cut sewn (De La)

I declare that only live niggas rap this year
Jam's off the meter, yo, this shit is hot

Rock-a-bye, baby, on the tree top
When the wind blows, the cradle will rock, rockEmbed
Hey hip-hoppers, tired of that old trend of ghostwriters?
Well here's the newest sensation that's sweepin the nation!
{*needle drags*} {*gong sounds*} Ghost weed!
Ghost weeeeeeeeeeeeeeed!
Hey ballers, ballettes, thugs, chickenheads!
Take a listen to how ghost weed
Will help you kick it like your favorite rapper
Just a couple of hits and.. {*inhales*} it's GANGSTER!
Watch how we secretly sabotaged this cypher with ghost weed..
*****
Whatever, nah.. just step back off
Let me get some
I got Pharoahe Monch, I'mma do it
Yo you gonna fuck that shit up man
I got that kid like WHOA, I'm sayin UHH!
Yo you need to take some more son
Yo I take another hit.. {*inhales*}
(Ghost weeeeeeeeeeeeeeed!)
Aoooowwww shiiit.. ahhh..
That's that fire shit yo!
Yo y'all gonna let me get busy and all that?
Yo, aight, I wanna.. I wanna hear you rhyme
You wanna hear me rhyme?
You might sound nice cause I'm high now but
UHH! Check my ad lib, UHH!
Yeah, aight word, yeah okay
Yeah, I'm ready, drop that beat
*****
You might also like
How many niggas who will actually kill still rhymin?
How many niggas who are actually signed still killin? ..
.. and when it comes to killin a mic, they ain't willin
And I'm supposed to be shook? That's the shit that kills me
Take a bullet for X in the ballroom and then vanish
Extinguish the sun when I drool, play pool with the planets
Triskadekaphobia lyrics, outlandish
My shit straight from the soul, god damnit
It's the one time only, vernacular original
Spectacular miraculous flow, computer digital
I ridicule the pitiful, piss upon the miniscule
Pharoahe Monch, better park that ass like municipal
*****
Yo, you ripped that
You ripped that shit kid, killed it!
That was dope, that was dope
He kinda had that yo, he kinda had that
Nah man, it did not sound like Pharoahe
Hey, you need to congratulate
It was the WEED.. it was the trees
You need to congratulate, knahmsayin?
Ghost weeeeeeeeeeeeeeed!Embed
I was on my way, to the disco
You know the club, Maseo was rockin' rub that night
Midnight to four, name at the door
But the whole crew I can get in as well
So I got on my cell, called my nigga C. Smith
Let this be a jam that we need not miss
"Yeah I'm already en route," No doubt
Might even jump up on the mic
To make sure that this party's turned out
And we some punctual types, on time, look for the line
To stand we find girls screamin' the blues
Miscellaneous shoes everywhere
"Yo Mase, what happened here?"
(Go Brooklyn) Yo, Brooklyn, y'all know the rules
Bumpin' they people and out come the tools
Ain't been a fair fight since the creation of crews
And that's why them dudes hearts all pumped
Done closed the club down
'Cause one of they niggas got jumped
(Jump, jump, jump to it)
Uh-huh, you heard the hook
No matter you Braveheart or shook
You can catch a bottle from the right, tap to the left
Kicks to the mids relievin' you of breath
I seen it done sloppy, seen it organized
Some saw it comin' and for others it was surprise
Catch a swollen eye and blood loss, courtesy of the
You might also like
Jump, jump, jump to it
Jump, jump, jump to it

Yo, when they put the contracts out, bats and chairs included
Chicks can get into it, 'specially pretty broads
My New York City dawgs seem to master the art
When you hear the (Woo) that's when the bullshit'll start
It only takes a second 'less you got on ice
Just for wearin' your chain in they club, they'll beat you twice
Served with fried rice, you get a can of whoop ass
My only advice is don't fall and book ass
For the nigga who slip, don't fall in a position
Where your lip'll catch a hickie (Girl, they'll fuck your mascara)
Shoot, go and ask Tara, just for havin' good hair
Man they left her ass cute, pulled it dead out the roots
It's never one or two of 'em, they headin' out in troops
Timbos, hoodies loose over jumpsuits
Waitin' for the first vic' to disrespect
Catch a double-dutch rope around your neck in the midst of the—

Jump, jump, jump to it
Jump, jump, jump to it
Jump, jump, jump to it
Jump, jump, jump to it
It's schematically plotted out to break hearts and bodies
And ya best believe we came to party
Don't cause trouble but still can find double the crew
Against you and your peeps and leap-like-frogs on ya
For reasons, like, not in the right part of town
Actin like you wore a crown
Some occasions long and mean to earn the right
To throw signs wearin' only one color scheme
And bein' positive is no exclusion
That's an illusion, you can still catch contusions
For flossin' your hard-earned shine
I'm talkin' games in the name, the longest
Then it's some other niggas time
You'll get beat out of your mind just for rage
Shit, my black ass almost got pulled off stage
Just for holdin' it down on the mic, you could be talkin'
(Black people unite) And still catch a lump from the—

Jump, jump, jump to it
Jump, jump, jump to it
Jump, jump, jump to it
Jump, jump, jump to it
Yo
It's this joint, called the art of getting jumped
We had to put this one on the album y'know?
Yeah, this is dedicated
To them punk motherfuckers out in Germany
That Turkish gang that jumped me up in the fuckin' club
Tried to knock me senseless
They just couldn't get me though
That's why I second round outside on 'em
Pull out some fuckin guns, punk bastards
And that's why my ass was hidin' under the bridge (Hahaha)Embed
(Smell your breath!)
(You smell like Jabba.)
(Your nose is what's doing it.)
(You're talking into the recording... YO!)
(Okay Lucky, start it off.)
Take take take take take it off...
Take it off, take take take take it off
Take it off, take take take take it off
Take it off, take take take take it off
Take it off
Take it OFF!
(Take that suede front off)
Take it OFF!
(Take those contacts off)
Take it OFF!
(Take that horsemeat off)
Take it OFF!
(Take those shell-toes off)
Take it OFF!
(Take those track fleas off)
Take it OFF!
(Take that doo-rag off)
Take it OFF!
(Take that moth neck off)
Take it OFF!
(Take those fat laces off)
Take it OFF!
(Take that bomber off)
Take it OFF!
(Take that BVD off)
Take it OFF!
(Take those Converse off)
Take it OFF!
(And those Gazelles too)
Take it OFF!
(Take that Kangol off)
Take it OFF!
(Take that Jordache off)
Take it OFF!
(Take that Afro off)
Take it OFF!
(Take that jhericurl off)
Take it OFF!
(Take that Le Tigre off)
You might also likeTake those acid-washed jeans, bell-bottomed, designed by your mama...
Off? Please? Please..Embed
Still not convinced about Ghost Weed?
Well check this out!
*****
Yo I'm sayin...oh yeah, aight, yo, I can do anybody
(Ghost weeeeeeeeeeeeeeed!)
Do one of them Tribe niggas
Listen, name somebody, I bet you
Somebody do Lil Wayne!
Phife....Phife Dawg
Yo, I sound just like him... Phife Dawg, watch!
Aight, I'm 'bout to do this
Yo, whatever, just show me aight, just show me
I'mma show you something else too
But right now I'm 'bout to show you Phife, you heard me?
Alright here we go
You know what just, somebody hit the beat
*****

L-Y-R to the I-C-S
Niggas still fussin' 'bout who be the best
When Diggy Dog bounce through I put all that to rest ..
.. anyone try test I put two in they chest
Quest or no Quest I leave venue's a mess
Don't ask me to colab', me and you don't mesh
I stay fresh from the fresh, never frontin' or fess
In the name of J Christ all mics'll get blessed
Peep how I posess flavor, style, finesse
Microphones, honeys, two things I caress
To all you fake jiggy niggas, still not impressed
Queens, I rep' it to the fully, you'd think I own the Mets
You might also like*****
What, know I'm Phife, Phife nigga, what
You know how I know you ain't Phife?
You'da said you ' I own the Knicks' or somethin'
Listen man I'm sayin', it's sports it's what I'm just doin'
I'm sayin', it don't matter, that's not the point
That shit is wack, impostor yo
I sound like PhifeEmbed
Say what?
Say what?
Say what?
Yo, De La Soul
Likwit MCs
Shit is the Xzibit, right?
Yo, we ain't playing
New millennium

Yo, who hold guns and rock ice bigger than life, got bitches throwin' they drawers on stage? That ain't me
I raise kids, push whips, piss, and MC
Love money like I love my moms
Love my nigga Com Sense when he bang dents all up in they wallets
Wall to wall bullshit, I got hardwood floors
Set sail for tour ever since '89
So y'all are fuckin the same hoes who used to be mine

And I've been waitin' three summers to rhyme 'longside my people
Rico, De La, inject you with the lethal
Dose of hop-hippin', if you thought CaTash was slippin'
Then put that drink down, you drunk off what you sippin'
CaTash put the dip in dip, dive, socialize
Fuck around with me and next you'll find your crib burglarized
You might also like
Yo, you better recognize and try to analyze this
Hand over fist, how can a man act like a bitch?
Change and switch, snitch on his crew
Yo, get rid of them niggas before the same thing happen to you

And they'll leave your ass sticky like glue
Blood leakin' out, girls freakin' out, motherfuckin' cops tweakin' out
Got you on your knees like a freak, jugglin' these nuts
Smugglin' these cuts from SC
You best believe there's no web or weave a net
We done swallowed forty bottles of threat, yo

What you know about my writes? (My writes)
What you know about what's weak, what's tight?
And what you know about an off night? (Uh)
What you know about niggas frontin' for the light? (Yeah)
And what you know about them gun fights? (Gun fights)
Got a nigga duckin' while them girls show fright
And what you know about my writes? (My writes)
Uh, what you know about my writes? (My writes)

Yeah, yeah, look
I'm Samson without Delilah, the sole survivor
The drunk driver that rolls straight, take the whole cake
Chop it up with the family, wash it down with alcohol
My celly's a Desert Eagle for all the fuckin' shots I call
My niggas gotta ball, never settle for less
Heavy metal heavy on your chest like two breasts
Step into my office 'cause it's time for you to roll somethin'
One false move and we gon' beat you like you stole somethin'
Yo, these styles I kick should be called Bic raps
Drawin' the pussy out the nigga after my prize 'cause I won it
They stomach what I throw, they know I'm right for they diet
They librarian flow keeps the party real quiet (Shh)
The love I lost outweighs the rhymes I gain
But the fact that I spit 'em makes me cherish the name
So pass the mic so I can put in my share
I rip it from home to LA with connecting flights to rip it elsewhere

Drinkin' a black and tan in the back of a van
I learned as a young man, long trip, piss in a can
Getting a house for two grand, now you got your own land
Let your mind expand, every day have a plan
Ro-Gram is rare earth, swingin' Black Tarzan
You got to live with the cards dealt in your hand
Stay young like Peter Pan, like Sly, take a stand
And go Uptown Saturday Night like Geechie Dan

I keep it dirty like under the bed (Dirty)
Dirty like Uncle Red, ayo, well hella poo-poo
Dirty brown Likwit flow thicker than the Yoo-Hoo
Dirt you dishin' out, chef tellin it all
Face down in the dirt, doin' my dirty work
Expert, tryin' to regulate my network
Head jerk, spice it with rice, stiff with it
If they ask who cut the grits, I'ma say E-Swift did it
What you know about my writes? (My writes)
What you know about what's weak, what's tight?
And what you know about an off night? (What you know?)
What you know about niggas frontin' for the light?
And what you know about them gun fights? (I don't know)
Got a nigga duckin' while them girls show fright
And what you know about my writes? (My writes)
Uh, what you know about my writes? (My writes)

And I've been known to get it on, past the break of the dawn
Tash'll punch you in your grill and leave potholes in your lawn (Come on)
You makin' diss songs? Spit that rhyme my way
I can shut y'all niggas down like the Y2K
I did a tour in '94 with De La Soul and Tribe
We on the same vibe 'cause real niggas coincide (Right)
The situation is drastic
But see, songs like these is why this album goin' classic

This is for the DJ, bring it back one time
I drop bombs like when my moms told me to rhyme
I'm old school like my dad is
So add this to your collect', Plug Won, who the baddest?

Ayo, we theme park status, upstage these niggas like Gladys
Them little Pips, they done tripped the wire
Blamin' they legs while I'm claimin' these tunes
In this, we'll stay down like seats found in sorority bathrooms

Yeah, we flat out classic, separate the real from the plastic
And I ain't gotta say no names
Play no games, hit the switches, crack the frame
Show no shame or fuck it all up, take the blame
Brand name fresh out the box type hustle
Manpower success is mind over muscle
Grind 'til the wheels fall off, accept the loss
I never been soft, whatever the cost, addicted to floss
Nailed to the cross, it's time to return
My only concern is makin' sure that Hollywood burn
Hollywood burn, burn to the ground, trick-ass niggas
Is all up in the game and don't deserve to be down

Four bottle rap, twist the cap and kick back
De La, Xzibit and Tha Liks came to get that
And what you know about us droppin' you
And leavin' you with half a face like the Phantom of the Opera?

And what you know about my writes? (My writes)
What you know about what's weak, what's tight?
And what you know about an off night? (Uh)
What you know about niggas frontin' for the light?
And what you know about them gun fights? (Gun fights, baby)
Got a nigga duckin' while them girls show fright
And what you know about my writes? (My writes)
Uh, what you know about my writes? (My writes)
Uh, what you know about my writes? (My writes)
Uh, what you know about my writes? (My writes)

You got the right to shut the fuck upEmbed
Now check it (sup?)
Let me set the mood here aight? (yeah aight cool)
We gonna, set it off with In-dee-dee, dee-dee-dee, -deed
(Yeah that's right) You know
La-la-la-la-ladies first and all that
(That's right ladies first)
So peep it, you see this girl
Who been poppin' mad shit about you
So I want you to get into it a little bit
I want you to cru-cru-cru-crush that ?? flirt

I was sittin' on my lunch break, grittin' my teeth
It's the last day of the week, man what a relief
My arms are sore as hell, I felt rigid and stiff
So I turned around and I rolled this big fat spliff
That's when I seen her, steppin' out a rented yellow Beemer
This local ghetto fame rap cat her name was Tina
She was braggin' she was goin' on tour
The same shit she was screamin' since the year before
Ever since the De La Soul video, she seen me on the TV
Heard that she was holdin' a grudge and tryin' to see me
Workin underground circuits and mad cyphers of people
When she asked who was ill, all she got was Indeed
She wanna battle (what?) and it wasn't hard to tell
All that I was thinkin' 'bout was tryin' to smoke my L
I had four hours left and I was tired as hell
Plus it was 12:55 almost time for the bell
She had an ill screwface mug, fronting like she’s no joke
Gangsta bitch profile, boppin' like her leg broke
Forty-below Timbos, fatigues saggin'
Pullin all her money out her pocket while she's braggin'
On her gold fronts with her name on it
Her ice finger roll hand g-low while she claim fame on it
I peeped the stee', then I crushed her with ease
Just for interruptin' me while I was rollin' my trees
You might also like
AIGHT? (Whoo!)
That shit was bla-bla-bla, bla-blaze! (word)
Now we gon' se-se-set, se-set this one up
For my man Mercenary (aight aight yo let's do this)
(Whassup?) Yo, I don't want you to make it like
A story or nothin' (aight)
I just want-want, want want-want
Want you to come on some straight rhy-rhy-rhyme
Rhy-rhy, rhy-rhme shit, rip a nigga in his ass!
And let him know how we do it, y-y-y'know?

Now Maseo puff cheeba, while Rich sniff lines
David J push the whip while Candy Cal pull dimes
And me right behind, with the shorty gettin' her math
To do the Savion routine and just, tap that ass
Still the one who kill wackness, man I left them niggas crippled
Had em all soft to hard back to soft like a nipple
My Art is Official while you're art-ificial
Break you down to your very last participle
Let me enlighten you, cause your third eye's on dim
Me gettin' taken out is rare like a smile from Rakim
See I'm remarkable, you're just bull
Last name shit, y'all niggas need to quit
Open your mitt, and catch this
I autograph every word you bit
Grab a five and take your picture
Got an infinity of non-rhymes to hit ya
While your whole clan is bland
Understand that you must be smokin' pounds of weed out of a pipe
And mistook your munchies, for bein' hungry for the mic
And now you have to deal with these cats who's truly real
Like estates with a pit on the lawn bark at the gates
Put the whole entire plate in your face
Make the point like who's that on that joint? It's me
I'm in everything you see like cran', yo I'm in demand
I'm in the club man I'm in your hand
Bein bought, I'm even in the thought from your girl
The only thing you're in is inactive
Your world'll be smashed
Run against the Won and you'll be last
Like that call for alcohol, depletin' your cash
That's how you supposed to get in somebody ass
Y'knowhatmsayin? Know-know-know, know-know, know-know that!
Hahahahahaha1Embed
And you thought ghost weed was only for the thugs?
Hey hoe! (What?) Yeaaaaah you hoe! (Oh yeah me true true)
You can be down too!
*****
Yo yo, whatever to that
I got this Thought shit right here yo, Black Thought
I got that shit DOWN PAT
Check hold on hold on let me hit that {*inhales*}
	(Ghost weeeeeeeeeeeeeeed!)
Got that Thought shit yo, yo bust it bust it
Bout to freak that shit
*****

Check me out yo, yo, check it out
Uhh, as we descend upon the city of schemes
See the image fadin into view from a black screen
A frail grandmother pack a heavy mac-teen
We fiend slash machines in the struggle and things ..
.. bloody denim scuff knuckle and things
Sucker-punchin fake rappers forcin me to take it to the extreme
Oh you real son well whattayou mean?
How you real when you hustlin dreams?
How you feel like you fuckin with me?
Now burn the 5th Militia flame-thrower
The mic soldier, takin things over
You're not sober, consider thinking things over, relax
We bout to spit it all over the track, yo
You might also like*****
	What can't have any girl doin Black Thought
(Ghost weeeeeeeeeeeeeeed!)
Don't even listen to him, don't sweat it
	Word yo!

Ghost weed, it's not like WOW, it's like WHOA!

Ghost weed has been brought to you by Whack Tobacc' incorporated
A subsidiary of move your ass products
Remember when using ghost weed
Be sure to apply the puff-puff-pass or brain damage may occur
Results of our product do not include platinum plaques
Void were prohibitedEmbed
Yeah
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha
Flipmode, y'all, what you talkin' 'bout?
De La, y'all, what you talkin' 'bout?
What you talkin' 'bout?

Yo, you gettin' stomped by the marching band
Keep 'em shook like spray cans (It's so hot)
It's so hot it'll make your face tan (Ooh)
Ace ban rap, the place the wasteland (Uh-huh)
Bit y'all in my mouth, but you taste bland
I feel fake niggas and mince these snake niggas
That hiss but won't bite, false alarm
And if it don't rock wild, we finna drop a bomb (Word up)
Strong grip on a mic like we Stretch Arm'
I been shine, you been warned and been torn
Get smacked for the B.S. you been on
Storm bad whether or not you stay scorned
For ten years, I've baked shit like hot potato
Rhymes still drippin' like stu B's, you groupies
Need to show I.D. before the bust down
Touched down, the God put seven to your Zippo
And drop it on you heavy like a hippo (Now you heard that?)
You might also like
To all my dogs all the way in the back ready to black, I see y'all (See y'all)
I see y'all
Ladies, get down, shake your ass around, I hope you know that I see y'all (See y'all)
I see y'all (See y'all)
To all my soldiers on the corner, I see y'all (See y'all)
Women doin' what they wanna, I see y'all
To them people gettin' pulled over, I see y'all (See y'all)
I see y'all (See y'all)
Wouldn't wanna be y'all (Be y'all)

It's the one and only effect that you catch from a cassette
Straight wig out the world, and girls, we straight dig out your back (Ha)
With letters spellin' out my name
All over your marquee 'cause the spark is me
Currently, we can be seen across your screen
Stayin' wide-eyed 'cause you niggas tryin' to scheme
Welcome to the spot, I'm slaying with it
Chopped up and fitted inside your quart of rice
You speak ghetto falsetto on the mic device
Tryin' to give me third degree, you just a third of me (Woo)
Couldn't be the shit if you were a turd of me
A man tight with my funds, crush like Ricky D
Who quoted Vance Wright, no one can serve us
My squad advance heights quite superb
Just kick off your shoes, jump on the jock
It's been a long time comin', this, you need to cop
To all my dogs all the way in the back ready to black, I see y'all (See y'all)
I see y'all
Ladies, get down, shake your ass around, I hope you know that I see y'all (See y'all)
I see y'all (See y'all)
To all my soldiers on the corner, I see y'all (See y'all)
Women doin' what they wanna, I see y'all
To them people gettin' pulled over, I see y'all (See y'all)
I see y'all (See y'all)
Wouldn't wanna be y'all (Be y'all)

It goes one (One), two (Two), three (Three), four (Four)
Bounce so much, I ricochet up off the floor (Floor)
So raw, shit, the most raw you ever saw
Quarter after four, niggas quick to bust the back door
Baby, open your blouse while I joust another nigga's spouse
Quick Jamaican dick style all in they house
I practice to be the all access, you see, the fact is
My mouth dirty, so follow while I display the slackness
Yo, you see my slang talk straight from the slums
When I was young, moms put soap on my tongue
Ayo, yo, forever we gettin' this cheddar with the quickness
I'ma cast the spell on these bitches, you can be my eyewitness
Short fuse, nowadays Langston Hughes
We gettin' money with whoever, even the Jews
The way we finagle and gain, it must be all in my shoes
Fuck a nigga up with De La like back and amused
To all my dogs all the way in the back ready to black, I see y'all (See y'all)
I see y'all
Ladies, get down, shake your ass around, I hope you know that I see y'all (See y'all)
I see y'all (See y'all)
To all my soldiers on the corner, I see y'all (See y'all)
Women doin' what they wanna, I see y'all
To them people gettin' pulled over, I see y'all (See y'all)
I see y'all (See y'all)
Wouldn't wanna be y'all (Be y'all)Embed
C'mon, c'mon
Bounce, bounce
C'mon
Bounce, rock, roll

You can do whatever you want
Whatever you like, it's your own life (Life your life, y'all)
So let me be to do what I want
To do what I like, 'cause this is my life

It's been about ten long years, my skin reeks
Flavors that your incense couldn't match
We burn slow like syphilis in your piss, accommodated
With the penicillin, you're listenin' to
This art official will keep your shoes moonwalkin'
Soon to talk about pop music
You'll buy it 'cause you choose it
A lot of MC's is really S&M-in'
Whips and chains, I maintain like a old jazz singer
Ella Fitz' in any location
Held back in rotation, an apple a day
Only makes a nigga fruity
I eat responsibilities to carry out my duty
Crib in the MDs, I pull it out just to polish it
Make notes if you earnin' or wait your turnbuckle
I stick to gettin' mines like stucco
You might also like
You can do whatever you want
Whatever you like, it's your own life
So let me be to do what I want
To do what I like, 'cause this is my life

I'm that full-time rapper, the nickname's Llama
Part-time father if you ask my daughter's mamas
Missin' in action cause the action got a fraction
Of the world listenin' to me
Got me travelin' overseas in lands constantly
Got a sea of hands wavin', ain't misbehavin'
But a lot of kids cravin' for somethin' they ain't got
Like the keys to the ride and a pocket with a knot and it's
Holdin' they ground 'til they rot in it
Plottin' it, lockin' it down strong
'Cause it's nothin' wrong gettin' your bubblin' on sticker
But too much bubblin' can make you fizz quicker
So, watch your stack, keep your fam intact
And pay attention to the now, I'm clearin' the mess
While they stressin' back in the day, I'm at the front of the night
With my crew shinin' light on the—

You can do whatever you want
Whatever you like, it's your own life
So let me be to do what I want
To do what I like, 'cause this is my life
You can do whatever you want
Whatever you like, it's your own life
So let me be to do what I want
To do what I like, 'cause this is my life
Now, we're on top of this, like a typical bed position
Peepin' your view, got your whole crew wishin' and waitin'
Makin' dollars out of ten dime pieces
Who be sippin' out the glass suckin' on the lime pieces included
In my pieces I pen the good livin'
And even when we're stressin' from in the hood livin'
At least we're livin' and there ain't no hell in that
Give me a yell in that, and go—

I wanna see the world ten times over
Dive off cliffs and land on opportunities unthinkable
You sinkin' straight to the bottom while I float in parades
That St. Patty couldn't put up
All my niggas tryin' to build, then throw your wood up
Design life like PNB gears, so stand clear for the blast off
Last off my chest, peace to Dave West
Live your life to the fullest

You can do whatever you want
Whatever you like, it's your own life
So let me be to do what I want
To do what I like, 'cause this is my life
You can do what you want
What you like
Let me be what I want
What I like1Embed
Ha, check it out
It's Bumpy Knuckles, baby, also known as Freddie Foxxx
That's right, and I came to check my niggas De La Soul
See, y'all niggas don't really wanna bust that shit, huh?
You know what I'm sayin'?  So I'ma show you niggas the super-laser-gamma-ultra-killer-nigga special
You niggas ain't no killers
You motherfuckers ain't gon' hurt nobody, nigga
You better keep rhymin', nigga
'Fore I smack the shit out of you, you little fuckin' sissy
You niggas ain't real, that's right
It's De La Soul, baby, and Bumpy motherfuckin' Knuckles, baby
Alright, come on

Check my stats, entire, apparat'
Even from the days when I had to roll strapped
Wonderin' if I got to go back to that
Just to rub records from rap and kick facts
To tracks and stack, one ho got K'ed
Yeah, some got paid, some waved in a phase
Fact of the matter, my style will never fade
Managin' to keep it all A-grade
So you can stay nourish and flourish with the truth
Ain't no lie  some niggas I know
If I need a mayday
For some fuckin niggas tryin' to play me crazy
Causin' interruptions to my big payday
Playin' with them guns make them fuckin' leary
But if it's clearly
Merely and surely and how it's gotta be
I got some thorough niggas that's ridin' me
So with your bullshit, I'm not buyin' it, B
Don't come around thinkin' you can try it with me
'Cause, uh
You might also like
You don't wanna bust that shit (Uh-uh)
You don't wanna bust that shit (No, no)
You don't wanna bust that shit (Uh-uh)
You don't wanna bust that shit (No, no)
You don't wanna bust that shit (Uh-uh)
You don't wanna bust that shit (No, no)
You don't wanna bust that shit (Uh-uh)
You don't wanna bust that shit

Shick-shick, click-a-clack
This is where my people headin' at
Innocent people are carryin' gats
Now what the fuck is all that?
Is it 'cause times live like a wire?
Gettin' shock-treated by the crossfire
Ha-siyahh, burn bare, well prepared
To make my decision for my livin'
I ain't the one robbin', I'm the one givin'
Hip-hop driven and willin' to die for it
When Scott LaRock died, man, I cried and shit
Then some cats got rich callin' a woman a bitch
But ain't no woman like the one I got
And if you call her a bitch, well, you might get—
And I know the feelings is mutual
It's uncivilized and unsuitable
Crips and Bloods are recruitable
But you don't wanna bust that shit (Uh-uh)
You don't wanna bust that shit (No, no)
You don't wanna bust that shit (Uh-uh)
You don't wanna bust that shit (No, no)
You don't wanna bust that shit (Uh-uh)
You don't wanna bust that shit (No, no)
You don't wanna bust that shit (Uh-uh)
You don't wanna bust that shit

Haha, yeah, you get the motherfuckin' point, huh?
You niggas get the motherfuckin' point, huh?
That's right, so while you niggas is sittin' up in central booking, cryin' like bitches, huh?
I'm in the motherfuckin' holdin' block waitin' for your sweet pussy punk ass
And I'ma whoop the shit out of you for gettin' on a fuckin' record, actin' like you a fuckin' killer
I'ma show you niggas what a motherfuckin' killer's all about, huh?
You niggas ain't no motherfucking gangsters
You don't wanna bust that motherfuckin' shit, punk
I'll punch your whole chest cavity out, faggot
You ain't no real nigga, nigga
I'll smack the shit out of you
'Cause you ain't a fuckin' live nigga
You sittin' in central booking, cryin' like a bitch, waitin' for your father to come bail you out
And Freddie Foxxx don't play that shit, nigga
That's right, Bumpy Knuckles, motherfucker
And if you don't know, now you motherfuckin' know
Ayo, De La, check it out, it's your motherfuckin' man
And if anyone of them niggas get sidewindin' with you, nigga
Let me know and I will send them niggas hot ones like I'm a motherfuckin' Mexican
Feel me on that one, huh?
'Cause them niggas know me, nigga
Believe me, nigga, they know me
The motherfuckin' troublemaker, that's right
And De La Soul is rollin' with Bump' Knux', nigga
So what? Tell me, what?
AOI format one complete, please insert disc twoEmbed
Yo, we 'bout to get it (get it) get it (get it)
Get it (get it) get on down (down) down (down)
Yo, we bout to get it (get it) get it (get it)
Get it (get it) get on down (down) down (down)
Yo

We run it, hot when we over the drums
To the top 'cause the bottom we're from
We got the drop on your weekend crew
'Cause you're full-time talkin' while we peepin' your view

Rahubat(?), you know my name
I run my humbleness with fame
God-body, nothin' plain
While you claimin' shepherd that you heard this
You heard this on day first
Watch my man, he'll make it worse
Ain't no new click, we still Native
Clothes knit, stitched tight, related
That's the way we handle it
Pin us up or mantle it
We on fire you candle lit
Daydreamin', on a rack
Get bought worn and brought back
We sport rhyme thought real tight
To gain sizes much bigger
Live life well, get mail filled with
Checks from sales we deliver
Spend a little, make a little
I want it big like white boy wallets
Credit delivered, Fed-Excellent
To my dot com, we on the web like Charlotte's
Hornet, back her up, she too much on it
Your plastic ass'll get swiped
Past the limit see you the type
To get yo' cosmetics smeared on pillows all night
You might also like
We run it, hot when we over the drums
To the top 'cause the bottom we're from
We got the drop on your weekend crew
'Cause you're full-time talkin' while we peepin' your view

While we peepin' your view
While we, peepin' your view
We got they eyes on lock
Let them flock to your wit while I spit after you
Look ma, I'm still rhymin'
Baby boy still providin'
Breakin bread in four states
Makin these struggles get gone
Private eyes, I see y'all spyin'
You watch while I clock
Fertilize my brain data
Makin' accounts grow green like the front lawns
Yo I may be old school
But I'm not no old fool
Heard out your mouth words flee
'Bout "These niggas ain't nice"
You just barbershop talkin'
While we round the world walkin'
B, you ain't D.M.C
You slip and fall on my ice
No lyin', straight shinin'
I give you supper from my upper diamond
You got limbs so climb in
Yo, soak up what you find-in
We too pure for you to try
You sniffin' maybe's and if's
And if "if" was a spliff
Man we'd all be hight
But it's not, so sober up
You flashin' out like you paparaz'
You'll need to take a liver shot
To feel the heat on how we runnin' it, yo
We run it, hot when we over the drums
To the top 'cause the bottom we're from
We got the drop on your weekend crew
'Cause you're full-time talkin' while we peepin' your view
We run it, hot when we over the drums
To the top 'cause the bottom we're from
We got the drop on your weekend crew

'Cause you're full-time talkin' while we, while we
While we lettin' you know I'm in a
Certified rhyme meadow for days
If you ask Mercenary bout this shit, it pays
Hitting Willie Mays style out the park
Mastering in this Art that's Official
Your ears absorb this like tears, on a tissue
Cause my thoughts are dollar bill crisp
Distinct like E-Double's lisp
L.I. alumni, wonder why I got it
Got it?  Get a piece
Got product that you all should own and not lease
Some say drummers play synonymous with ill
With wordplay, that keep us all paid like a bill
We're the parent company
You the sub in my D-I-vision
You don't know howEmbed
That's right, I'm dancin' y'all
I'm gon' keep on dancin' into the new millennium
Ya understand what I'm sayin'?
Hey De La Soul, Beastie Boys
I love the way y'all doin' this baby
Y'all just gotta keep kickin' it
Because the kids don't know, the other people don't know
But they all gon' know now because me the Chief Rocker, Busy Bee, gon' just keep kickin' flava baby
Ah like this

Just dance, and don't quit
'Cause the music's, and don't quit
'Cause the music's, and don't quit
'Cause the music's, and don't quit
'Cause the music's gonna be the shit
I just dance, and don't quit
'Cause the music is gonna be the shit

And now once upon a time in the place to be
They was standin' in line to see the Busy Bee
When I pulled up to the curb in my ninety-eight
I rushed inside so I won't be late
You know the party was packed, where you couldn't even move
And Busy Bee rocked, where you couldn't even move
And Busy Bee rocked, where you couldn't even move
And Busy Bee rocked to the funky funky grooves
To the beat that makes you want to freak
Ah to the beat that gets rump out your seat
Ah to the beat that makes you say
Busy Bee, Busy Bee is in the house, haha
Is in the house, haha
Is in the house, haha
Is in the house, haha
You might also like
I like the way this is goin' down man
Ahh this is just too much
We just gotta keep doin' this
Because this is how we do it
No static, no automatics
This is just how we just gon' keep kickin' this flavor babyEmbed
"Turn that shit off man! What's wrong with you man?
You know we got a party man, get the other record!"
(Here we go)
"(Let it go!) Just one more time!"

It's the M-I-K, E oh to the D
I'm comin' exquisite and V.I.P
Tryin' to spread some love like roots on a tree
Stayin true to this vision in the Y2G
Two G's got em scratchin' it like the fleas
And Ad Rock got it locked like a crooked cop
Noooooowww; it's Ad Rock, y'all remember me
The guy ya bit ya style from off the TV
I score Mmmma-Zah-Ayy's all day, my essays are felt worldwide
We like four planets on the mic
Aligned arrays retired all in the days
Game (baby-baby) too blam for these lames
When I was nine, I played with slime
Got rhymes ga-lot, got rhymes ga-limes
I got a million like rhymes leavin' ya stung
I got my own crew called the nasal tongues!
Yo take a few of these b-boys and call me in the mornin' (okay)
Keep it on the crusty eye, bagel with some butterflies
Spit gritty like we in MCA's voice box
Y'all bull and my ox don't fit the mix
You might also like
(Disc jock!) It be some classic material kid
(Disc jock!) Got the calm cats blowin' their lid
(Disc jock!) You get plush off the rack
And buy plenty or more we got em by the stack
(Disc jock!) Got us walkin' all over the world
For all the fly fellas and all the fly girls
(Disc jock!) You can't get enough when we servin' this

Come on, squat
Come on, squat
Come on, squat
Come on, squat
Come on, squat
Come on, squat
Come on, squat
Come on, squat

Now we'd like, to introduce to you, Ad Rock
Ad Rock in the house you don't stop!
It's the B-E-A-S-T-I-E B-O-Y-S with the most finesse
Don't mean to be crude, don't mean to be crass
But listen Guiliani you can kiss my ass (what?)
You heard my word, now Dove you play the preacher
Get on the mic if you love all the creatures
Well yeah I got these fishes swimmin' round my barracuda
Back in '82 I used to ride a street scooter
Called em cuter than pigtails, sales you keep em level, and
Smack you with a shovel and break your lifestyle (owww!)
Firm on the mic since my days of a child
Got a "License Too Ill" to flash to police
The only beast I huddles with the Beastie Boys
Bringin "Noise" like P.E. to your TV
Ayo this beat's barefoot and knock-kneed
Stripped to the rhyme!
And every line made from scratch
Attached like stripes to shell-toes
Thin spools that hold the herb
Mike what's the word? (WORD!)
It's like the ooh-la-la, ooh-ooh-la-la
Rhymin over old breaks like the Mardis Gras
Party people cross and bump they go ooh and they ahh
And Mike D and Ad Rock down with the De La
(Disc jock!) Get the people dancin' for real
(Disc jock!) Theater (jock!) holdin' mass appeal
(Disc jock!) You can't get enough still
So here's another dose for you to feel!
Put ya body in it!

Come on, squat
Come on, squat
Come on, squat
Come on, squat
Come on, squat
Come on, squat
Come on, squat
Come on, squat

I'm feelin' good, damn good, but also confused
This stuff from hip-hop that's bein' misused
It's desirin', acquirin', tryin' to be like Iverson
If it means backstabbin' and also conspirin'
Now, the people in the front, you do the bump bump
The people in the back, they're not the whack whack
The people in the middle, come on and wiggle wiggle
And the people on the side, we can all take a ride!
In my VW I done swung an ep' or two
The rear in my hatchback y'all know I scratched that
Here to haystack, keep it rosy in the Rolls
Skiddin' out to place my vote at the polls for Ad Rock
Well I'm the the toe tapper, yes the hand clapper
From the middle school like the educated rapper
I'm known as an occupational MC
You think I lose sleep if you sleep on me?!
(It's the rock solid, pilot, here to fly (ROCK!)
Reachin elevations too far for the eye (EYE!)
Miraculous beats over breaks in these packages
Seen (all over the globe) and all the types
Who thinks our joints is aight, here's a swab for ya ear
(to clean out ya lobe) and listen to a few views
From two crews spitti' for the art of it
We ain't takin over but damn sure takin part of it)
Started it ever since we minced meat
You Sloppy Joe's went and took a bit of the corn dog
Stay there! I'ma play there ('cause they pay there)
In the big old Santa Claus bag got discs and now we out
Signin' off, signin' off, our work is done
So come on party people
Have (have) have (have) have fun!
"(Let it go!) Just one more time!"Embed
I was walking on the water when I saw a crocodile
He had daisies in his hat, so I stopped him for a while
He delivered me a message, a massage to soothe my stage
What it was was more then plug-up dosage
More than DAISY age
Conversation drew a rule
Which the crowd will roar by millions
Mr. Crocodile said, 'Dove, you must look
For now the villains try to hold you underwater
But one thing we all must heed
Sony Walkmans keep us walking
De La Soul can help you breathe when you tread water'

As I walked along my journey
I thought 'What have I just learned?'
In a flash I saw commotion
There was movement in these ferns
Silently the silence came, was it the end of my world?
I shouted out in fear, 'Who's there?'
'It's me,' said Mr. Squirrel
'I've searched for you all over, now you're found
No time to waste. We must find the Preacher Man
We must find the P.A. Mase
For my population's dying, and we're all in tune to doom
Like your Daisy, I need water, I need chestnuts to consume.'
'Mr. Squirrel,' I said, 'I'm sorry
But the problem can't be solved
If there's no one here to help, and no one to get involved
Always look to the positive and never drop your head
For the water will engulf us if we do not dare to tread
So let's tread water'
You might also like
Now one weary day I woke, my alarm said 'Plug time's up'
Filled my bath up with the water, gargled with my gargle cup
As I bathed I felt a presence, and I'm sort of ticklish
I looked down and then around and I heard
'Hi! I'm Mr Fish!
How do you do? As for me I'm in tip-top shape today
Cause my water's clean and no-one's menu says Fresh Fish Filet
See I look past all my worries, which is something you must do
Though you're fed up, throw your head up
With this advice from me to you
And that's to tread water'

As my day went unexplained, time was finding nothing fun
As I walked along the sidewalk, I heard
'Psst, excuse me, Plug One.'
From my Soul, De La that is, I hollered
'Yes, are you talking to me?'
'No alarm meant,' he said, 'Let me introduce myself
I'm Mr Monkey.'
'Mr Monkey, I pledge you slap of five
Now how does your problem meet?'
He said, 'My bananas are at their ripest, but they all stand at three feet
My swinging hand is bandaged up
Could you help me with this chore?'
I brought him down to the Native shop
And bought him copies of the De La score
Which assisted well in his elevation
Now all bananas is at his grasp
He decided with this accomplished
He would put me on to the path
He told me to live by the Inner Sound, y'all
Which would bring me health in showbiz
Then to use them, not abuse them
And then in the words that got me to 'em
And that is to tread water1Embed
Dance with me, come on dance, with me, baby
Dance with me, come on dance, with me, baby
Dance with me, come on dance, with me, baby
Dance with me, come on dance, with me, baby
Dance with me, come on dance, with me, baby
Dance with me, come on dance, with me, baby
Dance with me, come on dance, with me, baby
Dance with me, come on dance, with me, baby

How you gon' tell me to mind my own biz
When you lookin' like somethin' I need to know about?
I used to go about it the wrong way, tuggin' your arm when you'd pass
But I see you got class besides all that
Yeah I'm picky in my own way too
While the rest of these fools is lookin' to screw your brains out
I blamed that on why I stand froze
Practicin' my hello's, hey lady, how you doin'?
Renewin' these vows is like fifty steps beyond from here
Shit I don't even know your name yet (word)
Ain't sure what your character contains yet
But damn lady, you could be my Valentine
Cupid got his infrared on my chest clocked
Let the rest flock, they just birds anyway
I grow my confidence in words the Henny way, yeah, buy me a drink
So we can sink into that thought path
You might also like
Dance with me, come on dance, with me, baby
Dance with me, come on dance, with me, baby
Dance with me, come on dance, with me, baby
Dance with me, come on dance, with me, baby
Dance with me, come on dance, with me, baby
Dance with me, come on dance, with me, baby
Dance with me, come on dance, with me, baby
Dance with me, come on dance, with me, baby

Now you know you ain't right, eyein' me up all night
Despite the fact some kid is runnin' chitta-chat in your ear
How the hell we get here, with me over here, and you over there
When we can make, such an obvious pair?
Why miss?  Have you misread my shyness for conceit?
I'm peepin' how you move it to the pace of the beat
Got my eyes on wide as they constantly collide with yours
Your heavenly body rushin' the tide to shore
Your heavenly body rushin' these guys to the floor
To find pleasure in your double digit design
But these clowns look hurt
And as a woman's ex-nigga I'm a woman ex-pert
Understandin' how the ovaries and all that shit work
Extremely dreamy, my eyes you look surprised
That I'm movin' closer, don't be, I'm supposed to D.C
Are you for real or a tease?
Now let that drink set in sweet, we up close and personal
Ain't nothin' dull about this, sharp like Swiss precision
(Caught you watch-in) my every move from the door
Teran escortin' us to V.I.P., we live in D.C
Shoestring dress I wanna fuck and make your hair look a mess
Suckin the straw huh?  You know the head game
First place chick girl I'm all about winnin' too
I want my trophy life-sized in a see-through

This ain't your average, whip on your battered bridge
Drivin song, your partner isn't your type
So I type it long with that ink that won't budge
Or smudge off your memory; courtesy of SkyTel
My mail, pop up like some bubbles found on VH-1
Also need the math to your telephone
Not the old man in the club who needs his dub to get rubbed
But sound the buzzer, I'm comin' to sub

Dance with me, come on dance, with me, baby
Dance with me, come on dance, with me, baby
Dance with me, come on dance, with me, baby
Dance with me, come on dance, with me, baby
Dance with me, come on dance, with me, babyEmbed
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh
We talkin' 'bout

Hot times runnin' through your city
If you miss it now, it'll sure be a pity
We got hot times runnin' through your city

I ain't no thug, son, my name is Plug Won
I drop a certified gem for him and her
Knockin' on your radio like the Crash Crew
Ask whoever you want, I'm managin' the funk on the paper
Outside of that, we pull capers for days
Ridin' throughout the maze of street while we blaze the beat
Watchin' the sweet things wiggle they butt
To Plug Three, on the cut, movin' on you
Whatever you got, we gon' get
Bringin' our point to your position
Rippin' stages with my thought coalition
Carryin' on, eradicate all your stress mode
Just another episode through these area codes
We bankin' on
You might also like
Hot times runnin' through your city
If you miss it now, it'll sure be a pity
We got hot times runnin' through your city
Hmm

It's the hotness, talked about, but never seen
Like the Loch Ness, 'til ya cop this, drop it inside your vein
And like a train, we be runnin' throughout your legs and arms
You're high off our talent and charm
Check the caliber
This be a smash like some food on stage for Gallagher
Wear your bib 'cause it's messy
Niggas schemin' on my girl as if my name was Jesse
Watch your manners
Now let me pass it off to Dave Banner

Yo, I set travels like Karen LaRue
Small talkin' in the big city, it's all about gettin' the coins
Everywhere I go, I touch a tenderloin
They sportin' a dot com Viet marker bomb
On your metro, MARTA, or the iron horse
Yo, take the cross and meet a nigga at the butcher
I'm cuttin' your girl, we on a world tour
Supplyin' your bloodstream with nothin' but the pure uncut in you
Hot times runnin' through your city
If you miss it now, it'll sure be a pity
We got hot times runnin' through your city
Mmm

Freak, freak, freak, freak the funk, the funk, the funk, the funk, funk
Freak the, freak the, freak the, freak the, freak the, freak
Freak, freak the funk, freak, freak the funk

We ain't walkin' on a yellow brick road, these streets stay red and bloody, kid
Study your code so you can easily pass
I stash a little love when I'm on the visitation
If you crossin' my line, nigga, do the same
I'm guaranteed to run through and prove the game
Ain't bigger than the pieces in it
You see, the feces in it had me stuck travelin' one side of map
Clappin' hands with rap cats who ain't deserve dap
Long hauls and livin' out a suitcase, man
Chickenheads and gangs of fruitcakes, man
Ain't nothin' better than explorin' the outskirts
Especially when she ain't got no pantyhose on, and it's on

Hot times runnin' through your city
If you miss it now, it'll sure be a pity
We got hot times runnin' through your city
Mmm
Hot times runnin' through your city
If you miss it now, it'll sure be a pity
We got hot times runnin' through your city
Mmm
Yo, it's like, the Mercenary gettin' down (Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)
And we got Dave Banner gettin' down
And we got Maseo gettin' down (Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)
And of course, my nigga Eno gettin' down
And we got Jay Dee gettin' down (Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)
(Say word, y'all)
And of course, the Slum V gettin' down
And we got my man Khrist gettin' down (Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)
And we got Com Sense gettin' down
And we got N.D. gettin' down (Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)
You know Troy Hightower gettin' down
And we got C. Smith gettin' down (Oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh, oh)
And my nigga Dave West gettin' down
Come on, come on
What you doin' there?
Yeah, come onEmbed
Fat, fat
Uh
Ain't nothing wrong with big broads
Fat, fat

It's a sure bet
When I stare into your dark browns, I get
Overwhelmed, overjoyed, overstep
My bounds on your touchy subject
Your weight, your shape's not what I date
It's you, my crew don't mind it thick (Uh-uh)
Every woman ain't a video chick (Nah)
Or runway model anorexic
I love what I can hold and grab on
So if you burn it off, then keep the flab on
We gonna stay gettin' our collab on (Ow)
Girl, we gonna stay gettin' our collab on (Ooh, ooh)
We gonna stay gettin' our collab on

Don't get stuck on the things they say, now you know it's a nasty world
Tryin' to get with you anyway 'cause I know you're a nasty girl
We ain't never gon' discriminate, so let me compliment your size
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
You might also like
Yeah, it's nothin' but a little baby fat, fat
It's nothin' but a little baby fat, fat
It's nothin' but a little baby fat, fat
It's nothin' but a little baby fat, fat
Yeah, it's nothin' but a little baby fat, fat

Claim you out of shape, you not out of place (Uh-uh)
You keep it natural with no powdered face
Without exercise, you got the eye
Starin' you down, make me wonder why
You women wanna frown at them stick figures
On them little-ass girls, when a clique of niggas
Run up and try to hurl game for real
Your frame holds appeal in the everyday
World, and conceal is not the way
To go, I'm tellin' you, I had to let
You know, you need to let it all hang

Don't be scared to show a little of that thing-thing
No matter how you weigh it, girl, it's feminine
Kind of body everybody wanna know (Yeah, yeah)
Be the private dancer in my Luke show (Come on, girl)
Skip a salad, girl, bring us both a menu
Eat the whole box of chocolates I send you (Heh)
See, girl, you're more than just an apple in my
Eye, confess I wanna get up in your
Thighs, the rest'll tell you all the things
Don't get stuck on the things they say, now you know it's a nasty world
Tryin' to get with you anyway 'cause I know you're a nasty girl
We ain't never gon' discriminate, so let me compliment your size
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Fat, fat

I love it when y'all broads wear it skintight (Skintight)
Make the big panties look like little panties
Tryin' to lose that bottom, girl, you been right
I saw who makes your cookies, I should go and thank your granny (Uh-huh)
Don't mind you being conscious of your calories
If gettin pape' was fat, man, you'd be salaries
You ain't in this alone, I got a tummy too
Just let me watch the weight, don't let it trouble you (Come here, girl)
Nine-ten specimen up in your jeans, you buy the size seven and just make it fit
SlimFast, lipo, and body creams, I pray you won't endorse, I got a candle lit

Don't get stuck on the things they say, now you know it's a nasty world
Tryin' to get with you anyway 'cause I know you're a nasty girl
We ain't never gon' discriminate, so let me compliment your size
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh (Ain't nothin' wrong with big drawers, come here)
Don't get stuck on the things they say, now you know it's a nasty world
Tryin' to get with you anyway 'cause I know you're a nasty girl
We ain't never gon' discriminate, so let me compliment your size
Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh
Yeah, it's nothin' but a little baby fat, fat
It's nothin' but a little baby fat, fat
It's nothin' but a little baby fat, fat
It's nothin' but a little baby fat, fat
Yeah, it's nothin' but a little baby fat, fatEmbed
Y'all know my name so we ain't gotta get into alla that
Y'all know the deal
This is AOI part two, and we call this one "Bionix" (Bionix)
And as y'all always know, we gon' hit y'all with that De La shit
Yeah.. yeah..
Uh (better) yea (better, stronger)
Yea (better, stronger, faster)
Yea..

Ladies and gentlemen, we in the trench again
Makin it relevant, just for the hell of it
I'm introducin it, throw a little juice in it
Got on that old bullshit to get you used to it
It's been a minute now, only a minute now
A little re-evaluatin, hope you feel me now
I'm on some new me, focused on the new tree
Tryin to shake the money off the limbs so I can do me
I blame the fans for it, I heard demands for it
Went to Somalia, they holdin out they hands for it
Went to the hood, these niggas tried to trace a dance for it
Dancefloor it after Mase brings you out of the break
-- Before we go any further we wanna send a special thanks
To all those folks out there that been supportin De La since '89
Now that's a long time
Overseas, city to city, state to state
Yeah, we gon' keep bringin it live to you..
You might also like
Unlike these underground MC's who rock for heads
We include the throat chest arms and legs
No need to spit in the cypher to show you I'm a lifer for rap
I cultivate moves larger than that
And I don't ball too much, ya dig
I gotta ball and chain at my crib who want my ass home
My heart-BEAT N.Y.C. metronome
But can't adapt to where I'm at
And even though I sing it sick 'til I'm blue, I'm not a crip
So unlike non-GANG members I won't C-walk to look hip
But if I had to join a gang I think I'd join GangStarr
Me, Guru and Primo with them beats for the car
That bounce trampoline style, revamp the deen child
Hot and mild and I hustle rap the same
Cuff a little shit, due to muscle fat, I gain
We them God type dishin the grunge to make you love
-- Yeah kids
Just a little taste how we gon' get things started in a minute
Sit back, get your headphones straight
Whether you're ridin in a Escalade or a Pinto son, turn that shit up
Oh remember AOI part three comin soon, on some DJ shit
Yeah - we about to get this shit poppin..1Embed
Allow me.. to break it down.. ah yea yea yea yea yeahh..
Life.. {*humming*}

This is dedicated to all my folks
Diagnosed with a bad case of that proper upbringin
And never took the time to fall in line or follow
Or swallow the thoughts
Of the recognized committees who lurk throughout ya cities
Ya hood, ya town, no matter which type
You from the same type of people try to hold you down
Just because you tailor made for bigger and better things
Never missed a chance to move ahead of things
And what does it bring? I tell you for me
It brought jealousy and back wounds from all the stabbin
Cats posin as my fan just to get grabbin what's mine
I'm livin in times where my daughters are found around
Kids who can't afford thinkin caps
But always found drinkin raps and eatin off beats
Claimin laws of the streets - but who made the laws?
Everybody playin rebel with no sign of a cause

Well I, feel the world around me
I've found, that others, will bring you down, just to be down
You've got to make up your mind, where you wanna be
Where you wanna go with your life
With your life..
You might also like
Yo, I'm never singin the blues but findin the clues to maintain
And I been blessed to reign supreme over nearly every dream
I had, and I made it come true
I'm an imperfect man and I'm holdin the clue
To perfection, it doesn't seem to matter what direction I look
I find people settin traps
Tryin to find the goal - without havin any maps
Even friends of mine, jumped on line, just to become my adversary
They felt they were entitled to the dairy I made
They don't come to chill or behave
And they got, toast ready to burn
Not learnin to live, but they yearnin to take what you earn

Well I, feel the world around me
I've found, that others, will bring you down, just to be down
You see - you've got to make up your mind, where you wanna be
And where you wanna go with your life
With your life..

So quick to place blame.. and deny the shame we bring upon ourselves
So many names held accountable for my own account
When a large amount was weight - that I made and shaped
When I climbed I found
It was hard to find others around to point my fingers at
Which made me realize the truth
The biggest supressor could be your own ego lookin for an excuse
To plant roots, in a field of self-sorrow
To sprout and follow the first thing you feel
Nourishes your hunger to be respected, it gets hectic
And when I'm watchin the news, and my daughter walks in
And choose to ask, "Why were all those people on the floor
Sleepin, covered in red?" I told her
That they were lookin for God, but found religion instead
Well I, feel the world around me
I've found, that others, will bring you down; just to be down
You see, you've got to make up yo' mind, where you wanna be
And where you wanna go with yo' life
With your life, with your life..
{*Cee-Lo harmonizes and ad libs with choir*}

I need my SPAAAACE, to live..
Well I, feel the world around me
I've found, that others, will bring you down; just to be down
You see, you've got to make up yo' mind, where you wanna be
And where you wanna go with yo' life
With your life, with your life..1Embed
As we go clubbin'
Me and my peoples, we be lookin and we buggin'
Off these ladies talkin' 'bout no dancefloor rubbin'
'Til we supply 'em with at least two to three mixed drinks from the bar
They must be out they mind, them rookies get dismissed
'Cause it ain't hard to find, the ladies that can move it
To the latest bassline, attached to the drum
That'll set it off and make the local DJ a star
But can I get a boost from the bass and the treble?
This record ain't for soothin', but for raisin' blood levels
We simply havin' fun, but know that some don't like the music
That it promotes rappin' and global gun-clappin'
But still promoters packin' in the clubs where I'm at
Plus everywhere I go, so just realize the fact
That we won't be denied that respect you try to hide
Shit, this ain't rock and roll
'Cause the rap is in controlYou might also likeEmbed
The following explicit content in this song by "Pawn Star"
Are not necessarily the views expressed by De La Soul
But they understand

Execute porn star NOW!!!
1 - 

Pawn star.....Pawn star

Check it, pussy got me wide open, writin' the love notes
Butt naked, strippin' out of her trenchcoat
Got me hittin' high notes, pitchin' a deep throat
Bitch be suckin' niggas car door

Yo, I broke my piggy bank just to see that pussy stank
Smelly in Africa then Africa, whoa

I know like you know when you spendin' them hundred dollar notes
We box triangles all angles
You might also like
Yo, throw her on the table Shell

No, I tie her with a phone cable 
Bound her by her wrists and ankles
I bust right off Pun and Abel

Yo, actin' like we're kidnappers stabbin' the mouth with two dicks
Take a couple of new flicks

Click...click give up the money bitch
Had her backin' it up, smackin' it up
Yo, we fucked till the sun came up

Pawn star, hey there special lady do what you do
Cause I don't care what they say to you
See you're my pawn star
You're beautiful to me in every little way
A very special lady, pawn star
Rather doggy style than missionary
You very, very...very, very...very beautiful pawn star
You're a superstar to me and you came into my life pawn star
Many years ago you made me feel so good
You knew that when no one understood
Cause you're my pawn star
Haey, hey, hey, hey uh
And you could never be my wife, trick
Yo I reign supreme, champion back off
Shorty's a five start porner
Turn tricks, wants some dick inside her
Work the spread eagle like National Enquirer
Pussy lips grips the neck of Coke bottles
And turn style will have you nibblin' on a nickel
All of a sudden out came the shackel
Shell ain't go no problem with
You can be my...

Pawn star...pawn star...pawn star...pawn starEmbed
It's gotta be you, it's gotta be right
No time for games, it's gotta be tight
I just want this to be special, special
If it's gonna be you, it's gotta be right
No time for games in my life
I just want this to be special, special

This is like the third time ya said you was through
I'm beggin' ya back, we loud in the parking lot causin' a scene
Campaignin' like the love ain't have no resident here
Still I stay all in the cabin
Although I know we've seen enough of good days and dirt
I bet you'd cut me just to nurse me back but damn I'd understand it
You gave ya all and I just gave it up
Put the truck in ya name
Damn ya should've known I was liability
Ignorin' the ways you would dress for a nigga
Express to a nigga I heard jibber and jabber
My apologies I left the wrong man to conduct
Take these jewels for the inconvience and neglect
You expect the worst of it
But I realize that I owe you more than explaination
I got my life in a box, what I'm proposin' is a joint account
It's cash on it - let's take our lil' business and incorporate it
It's me and you girl
You might also like
It's gotta be you, it's gotta be right
No time for games, it's gotta be tight
I just want this to be special, special
If it's gonna be you, it's gotta be right
No time for games in my life
I just want this to be special, special

First of all love, your sole caller
Before me helped create and shape your distorted image
See every man don't play games or even scrimmage
That's a lie but I'm try to be that only one
You look to, to make you smile
First you need to check my files
Understand I play the part of a sterotypical man
An regret the pain I may have left to flame
My people say "Yo that's a fine girl ya mess with"
But I told em' we have ain't a mess
Ya charm must have calluses from the grip
That it has on my heart that I ain't tryin' to rip
But by now we both should know
That it's no longer where ya at but where we tryin' to go
So do ya background checks so I can pass through these borders
And stamp my name on a lil' man or a daughter
Come on girl
It's gotta be you, it's gotta be right
No time for games, it's gotta be tight
I just want this to be special, special
If it's gonna be you, it's gotta be right
No time for games in my life
I just want this to be special, specialEmbed
Dave, what up, man? It's me
Um, just callin to see, if possible, if you have any time today or within the next couple of days
If, if, you're in the studio, or if you're at home, or car, whatever
That song that, it's called "Trying" or something, Mase was tellin' me that I needed to hear
He said it was amazing
Woo, the way he was talkin', man, I wanna hear it

Am I just another lost in the pack?
We Horshack shit, you know, laugh it off
Years just blow by
My eyes stay fixed, but the picture's kind of out of focus
I cry a lot, but admit to it
Enjoyin' life now, but I've been through it
Sometimes I wish that I can go back
No bills, no kids, just gettin' tore back
I want a wife, I love women
How could I front like I don't be in love with 'em?
A lil' man that I can teach
A lil' sand, but not the beach
I figure excess'll only bring an excessive amount of fuss
So when I'm gone, make sure the head stone reads, "He did it for us"
I'm like your modern day Jesus
I cherish warm thoughts like a gray goose
And float soft kisses to my baby (Yo, ain't that Dave's little girl?)
Yeah, respect her for that, she gon' be somebody instead of somebody baby mama
You see, young minds are now made of armor
I'm tryin' to pop a hole in your Yankee cap
Absorb me
The skies over your head ain't safe no more
And hip-hop ain't your home
And if it is, you fuckin' up the crib, son
You make life look like I don't wanna live one
You might as well hold your breath until you die in a corner somewhere bent over in the crevice
This god theory overcomes the worst of weathers
As long as you willin' to try, you on a good start, homie
You on a good start, see nigga tryin'
You might also like
People, are you ready?
Yes, we're ready
Are you really ready?
We wanna be ready
Ready for the change that may approach you
Yes
Follow down the path that you supposed to
Yes
People, are you ready?
Yes, we're ready
Are you really ready to try?
We wanna try harder
You know mistakes are trials that we learn from?
Yes
In order to live life, you must earn one?
Yes
People, are you ready?

Throughout my change to grow, some of my people got left behind
They didn't listen for the gun as I leaped from off the line
Thirteen years deep in this marathon I'm runnin'
Paid dues and still got bills to pay
When I came back around the way
Old friends gave me dead eyes
And fake smiles, half wide
We were supposed to rid the world of danger
These days, we nod heads and small talk like polite strangers
It's natural to fall off, just land close to the tree
I'll be there if they need me to be
And I know all my local shorties
'Cause they all know who I am
And lately wanna flip grammar instead of grams
Like that's the only choice they got
They tell me how they gonna shake up the game
But came to me to see if I could give 'em guidance for change
Shit, y'all, I need guidance myself
And I chisel right words to make gems
Got fans around the world, but my girl's not one of 'em
And my relationship's a big question
'Cause my career's a clear hindrance to her progression
Said she needs a man and our kids need a father
I'm not at all ready to hear her say, "Don't bother"
And break
And this I know I can't take
But uh, C. Smith said to hold on
My brother Luck said to hold on
My nigga Dave said to hold on
My nigga Mase said to hold on
Yo, Maseo, we need to hold on
Ayo, y'all, we need to hold on
People, are you ready?
Yes, we're ready
Well, what you wanna be?
We wanna be ready
Do you wanna lose hate for love?
Yes
Do you wanna see these gates above?
Yes
I said, people, are you ready?
Yes, we're ready
But are you willing to try?
We wanna try harder
Do you really wanna carry some weight?
Yes
Are you ready to design your fate?
Yes
Yo, people, are you ready?
Yes, we're ready
Well, what you wanna be?
We wanna be ready

Operation complete
Preparing for installment three3Embed
WATCH OUT!
* Speaking Spanish *
WATCH OUT!
* Speaking Spanish *
WATCH OUT!
* Speaking Spanish*

Get up and do the biz, our style is the wild
Hit you with a spell whether Jew or gen-tile
When you enterin' the realm
You find me at the helm
Still standin' like abandoned buildings
In the southern part of the BX, can old school it like a T-Rex
Ya well advanced connect dance with thoughts
Deep like Barry White's throat box
I bet you those cops mix
Double high tower my power grants me the chicks
The blows the cars and enemies that wanna spar
You won't escape no matter who you are
Yeah I'm bound to ground you like that

Put they ass on a mound and introduce em' to a baseball
Face tall, brag about it like teenage sex
Text book characters gettin' etched out to rough draft
Rush Limbaugh autograph her left titty
New York, New York yeah we bigger than the buildings
Do it for the love of the art and the childrens
And throw paper machet inside of ya models
CBR throttles, we zip by in this drive
Allergic to ya sperm broke hives
Concerned about ya life when ya down eight lives
Top of the night I'm up in ya queens like ah yeah
You might also like

Introducin' introducin' to you Dave
Batter on deck, carded every time I set foot in the joint
Cabaret artist I'll two piece ya tray
If she wanna get vamped, bring her to the tent
Touch her till her back indents
Wrap it extra strength
Run a lap on her calculatin' the length
Holdin' mics tighter than hymens
Old school it like Holly-Hobby, Head-to-Head, Easy Bake Oven
Strong Jerome lovin' man I hit the pack
Panther power keep it all relative to the sixties
Bill Bixby green, ATM money
Got my pockets lookin' like I'm rockin' Popeye jeans
Classic like Reuben and Rah
One nigga under the groove we shootin' for that Parliament high
Bus bigger than the fourth of July
Take the back seat drive out while we push from the hip

Hey yo, hey yo ain't nothin' street about me more like a light post
Shinin' above all who are y'all to boast
Stayed calm and all came to me to host
My vocab grabs many, long to cultivate raps
It's gettin' filled moms jack penny
It used to be unknown around the way
Now my biz became a bouqet
Every nose in it, fillin' up seats like a session in a Senate
Been a minute since ya heard the souls
So the soul gon' cost ya three
All ya people wanna front like the soul don't hold control
But it don't mean shit to me
Plain to see that a song like this been what ya all missed
Come on, genuine adrenaline from off the wrists
We run the interference throughout the game clout
Can't be denied the bout for the title
Throw up ya guns and hold the pose like an idol
Bring it back to the draw
Ghosts of grand wiz Theodore
Played dirty with ever since playing on the floor
Stock verbal assaults just in case of war break glass
Steel vaults bigger than giraffes
But they still got a lot for me
I heard em' say alot of niggas rep the underground
They'd die for the underground but ain't makin' no money
Stupid1Embed
Uh uh uh
Everywhere I go (What happens)
People ask me (What, what)
Yo Dilla, you smoke weed (No doubt)
And I just tell em' YEAH!
Two weeks later, they smokin' weed
That's what I'm talkin' about
I ain't here to tell you not to smoke weed
Everybody get high
I'm here to apply the pressure
You, you, you and you
You and you (Especially you)
Come down to the D
I got some shit that'll blow ya mind

Come here my peer, let me apply the pressure, the pressure
Come here my peer, let me apply the pressure, the pressure

Yo, what up my nigga (Yeah, what up with your world)
Ain't shit, just got off the cell with this girl (So far)
Yeah B you know what we about to do (What the hey)
Come on nigga puff it too, yeah right
You might also like
Honey draws bees like dookie draws flies
Just like the weed draws me to get high
Now I'm not tryin' to bend ya arm
I just want you to take a hit off the bong
That's all (Just one hit man)

Come on cool it, I'm not foolish
Quit pullin' my leg baitin' me like cod
My name ain't Craig and I ain't lost my job
Don't mind be odd from out the bunch
And y'all cornerin' me ain't stoppin' me from doin' it
(If puffin' so bad, why everybody doin' it)
Man everybody doin' it (Yo come take a puff, style is real)

Let it take ya whole style and feed it
(Go ahead with that man)


I got the funk to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind)
I got some shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind)
I got the funk to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind)
I got some shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind)
Come on
Y'all are actin' like this shit is supposed to raise me to the clouds

Shit the clips we smokin' on would make Bob Marley proud
And he was one of the illest

Shit one of the illest ever
(He smoked mad trees and still remained clever
I guess ya right

Ain't no need to guess, put it to the test
Ask ya questions alphabetically

OK, hypothetically if I do take a hit
Do I necessarily have to be tastin' your spit
I mean shit I ain't shared a straw since the fourth grade

But don't chu' know chick like to smoke and get laid
Don't be a dunce it ain't gonna hurt you once
Quit bein' a punk
Go ahead and hit the fuckin' blunt
But will it take a long time to recover
(Depends on the brother or sis who's puffin')
Hey stop that bluffin' like you givin' a survey
And let us serve the hay
And get yo mind alligned to the ways

Of the master

Man I seen a cast a spell
To many brain cells and sane cells
A lead to fulfill wants and needs
I heard it's like a gateway to doin' more than weed

Man I love my relationship, I'm no quitter
Mary Jane's my first love and I'mma stick with her

But won't I feel paranoid?

All ya questions is void unless ya try
Come on man for once get high

I got the shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind)
I got the shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind)
I got some shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind)

Hey you don't gotta do anything ya don't wanna
It's not gonna change you or ruin your persona

Yeah but what if I can't stop
Shit I ain't with bein' no addict (Cut that shit out)

Man, please tell him to stop bein' so dramatic
Just take a hit and let the weed do the trick

But will this make me sick

Come on, quit actin' like a bitch
I can blaze the weed and you can make excuses
Now ya gonna smell the smoke my greenest weed produces
You'd probably like the smell too, ya probably wouldn't admit it
You'd probably wanna hit too (Come on man quit it)
Ya clearly in denial (Yo this shit ain't my style)
How do you know come on, let us give you a trial
Let's put chu' at ease with these trees
Power to heal, put cha' mind at peace
Yeah, increase the level of the highness
Minus the stress accumulatin' through ya blindness
(Come on man hit this shit)


I got the shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind)
I got the shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind)
I got some shit to blow ya mind (Blow ya mind, blow ya mind)
Let me say something
Just started smokin' (Please don't smoke too much)
But uh to all my smokers (Smoke it up)
Yeah, let's get em'
Apply pressure, apply the pressure
Apply pressure, let's get em' y'all
Apply pressure4Embed
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah
Ooh, ooh yeah

It's a pity that you're so dirty
Worthy of some Southern hoes-pital
See we them Northern boys with knows and hows
NYC livin' ain't nothin' like it
See how me and my peeps fit, we jigsaw
Sometimes I play big saw to cut the deal
And we keepin' them bills paid with meals in the mouths of many
A noble job at Feni
Money ain't everything but everything makes me want it
But won't dishonor my name so the claim throwers
Act like game on the dice on the mic device
Stay above middle class for life
Not an easy task but I've grown to love it
Dub it to tape, why don't you whip a grin
While I speak to my mens about the world problems
And girl problems with no immediate way to solve em'
But I'm on the case

I make the best of the life I been giving
Making the most of the moment among the livin' and it feels good
Closer to being the man that I want to be
Do what I can cause I refuse to see
The best of luxury, God's been good to me
Life, I keep asking
Am I worthy of you, of you
Am I worthy of you
You might also like
Pull them quarters down
I got some things on these nine ounces to vamp, we on a mission y'all
Dug fresh dirt out the ground
Lookin' for the treasures in life
A bambino picket fence around the residence
I wore these shackels here for thirteen years
But the only real slaves is the ones we record on
We off all checks and God's blessin'
Tryin' to own a thousand island like we salad dressin'
Patience for the main course
Don't have me in position to remain boss
Cause the man next to the man above the exec
Don't give a damn if I papered yet
Sometimes it make me wanna go make a bet
I did away with knock em' and release some stress
By any means, these petty greens will only get me stuck in a box
Doin' a dick shot in Oz, jerkin' off in the J
But anyway I keep my head on

I make the best of the life I been giving
Making the most of the moment among the livin' and it feels good
Closer to being the man that I want to be
Do what I can cause I refuse to see
The best of luxury, God's been good to me
Life, I keep asking
Am I worthy of you, of you
Am I worthy of you
I know people who tippy-toe through they own stompin' ground
Master not makin' a sound to stay safe
From the local star renaissance
And the response is usually the same
Wishin' like it used to be
Nothin' in that life is new to me
We roll like eyes on a ghetto girl
Brushin' off some no-man cause she's his ghetto pearl
We into livin' beyond not livin' fads
Me and my comrads became dads young
Try to have fun amongst responsibility
Like fillin' these accounts full
Got caught up at a party in Bull's
Sometimes gotta have the nerve to say some rhymes
Because some minds take offense
Try to make ya life tense but we still here
Still gainin' the love, still standin' above most

I make the best of the life I been giving
Making the most of the moment among the livin' and it feels good
Closer to being the man that I want to be
Do what I can cause I refuse to see
The best of luxury, God's been good to me
Now I keep asking
Am I worthy of you, of you
Am I worthy of you
I make the best of the life I been giving
Making the most of the moment among the livin' and it feels good
Closer to being the man that I want to be
Do what I can cause I refuse to see
The best of luxury, God's been good to me
Life, I keep asking
Am I worthy of you, of you
Am I worthy of youEmbed
Kid 1 - I'm tired
Kid 2 - Me too
Kid 1 - Uncle Ricky
SR - Hmmm?
Kid 1 - Could you tell us a bedtime story, like you used to?
SR - Look, don't y'all think y'all too old for that now?
Kids - No
SR - Listen, I got an adult question for y'all since y'all
Like...11 now. Y'all ever get horny?
Kid 1 - Uncle Ricky!
SR - Now I don't mean to sound perverted, but do you ever
Have like sexual urges?
Kids - No!
SR - No? Well you will, so sit your behind down and listen to
Uncle Ricky...and De La...tell y'all a grown up story
Kids - Okay

I remember when Mama spoke of the birds and
The east side kept me off the curb and
Betsy Ross was sufferin from the scaredy cat
Till my man Ricky brought the remedy for that

I massage your mink, coat
Then part your leg's rope
And stroke so hard you'll start to smell smoke
You might also like
Ain't gotta drug problem but a love problem
But then again that may be one in the same
I claim possession
Pull the girl among the apes like Charlie Heston
Ride off on the horse and show no remorse

She look niiice
Honey oriental, brown eyes
Want friiiies?
Chicken, vegetable, fried rice
And I'm tryin to  you to go
Fast subtraction, grab some
"Oh don't stop nasty black man"

Man that action had me coughin up cars, keys, and cash
Just to sniff a fat rabbit I would give my very last

(When nature calls)
You know them boys will come runnin
(When nature calls)
You know them girls don't mind comin
(When nature calls)
You know them boys will come runnin
(When nature calls)
You know them girls don't mind comin
Just to get it started, for startin something
Is what we do to get some lovin
What we do to get some lovin
This what we do for love (do for love)
This what we do for love (for love)
This what we do for love
You ain't lyin
I 9-5 it, more like 12-12
Can't get the thought off (sex)
From off my mental shelf

I'm like Bruce Lee
Beatin up the cootchie profusely
My tomboy chicks that act a little too butchy
Recieve this (uh)
When my semen ceases
They'll be screamin out, "We love bein the female species"

Hello?
Veronica, it's Dove
Uh, I think you got the wrong number
What?
Veronica, your baby's crying
Yo, chill
Baby?
Whatever yo, later

For the past two summers I been sizin up Veronica
Southern belle, I heard she blow notes like a harmonica
Yarmulkes couldn't satisfy her spendin fetishes
She was all about gettin the head like she was lettuces
Yah, them types be actin like they ain't sleazy

Like this uptown chick playin opposite of easy
Delighted, the honey fly difficult, couldn't knife it
Tiiight
Seen the imprint on honey's private
Now she's love sick
Ruler Rick scoress agaaaaain

Sex present itself like trophies I'm out to win
And it's easier to claim through the fame I've obtained
Her mommy was a liar, she's so ashamed


Well, I got this rude boy Jamaican honey at the rest home
Complete with yellow hair and Cinderella dress on
"What happen"
Been around, stuck her till she poppin bout
"Hey take your blood clot finger off me bottom"
Anyway, another dime I met one time
I'm kiiind, chick in the world, butt fine
And her, structure pumpin, told her
Gotcha mumblin bout
"Slow down, what you tryin to rupture somethin?"

I don't bug out, I chill
Never copped a feel
But these pretty ass girls come and flaunt in the grill
Big ass eyes, with the matchin big ass thighs
Asked her if she spare a moment to exchange some lies
"But you got a girlfriend"

Yah trick, so do you
And I heard there's no preference in what gender ya do

So stop playin so squeaky clean
And let the dirty side see me later
So we can play 'let's wake the neighbours'

So stuck on the love you rearranging behaviors
Second episode, and you returnin oral favors
Buyin up groceries
Searchin for hosiery
Holdin hands publicly
And now you supposed to be
Mr. and Mrs. huh, lovin and kisses huh?
But while you away is when the milkman'll visit her
Dear to the heart, we dearly depart the fallen
So skip the games ma, I stay tuned to the calling
Embed
Fear through time is left behind when you're simply havin'
A wonderful time, a beautiful time, leave the troubles you find at home
Take some time and ease your mind when you're simply havin'
A wonderful time, a beautiful time, leave the troubles you find at home

Hey, yo, last day of spring, first day of the heat (Heat)
I'm calling out my troops, so y'all best retreat ('Treat)
Tryin' to win the eyes off of Little Bo Peep
While I'm pushin' Big Bird up Sesame Street (Street)
After one nut, I'm goin' straight to sleep (Sleep)
If it ain't a love affair, its just a late night creep (Creep)
Use Colgate when I'm brushing my teeth (Teeth)
Favorite MCs Greg Nice and Smooth B (B)
Keep it old school like, "Where's the beef?"
And if you ain't from an era, then you up shit's creek (Creek)
First B-side was "Freedom of Speak"
If you don't speak, well I ain't losin' no sleep
See me on the cover of your XXL (L)
Takin' a holiday at the hotel ('Tel)
Fans keep sending me back the fan mail
Heavyweights keep it on the grand scale when we doin' it

Fear through time is left behind when you're simply havin'
A wonderful time, a beautiful time, leave the troubles you find at home
Take some time and ease your mind when you're simply havin'
A wonderful time, a beautiful time, leave the troubles you find at home
You might also like
Ayo, the sky swallowed the sun, spitted out the moon and stars
Couldn't outshine the brigade of cars
ArmorAll-ed down, the downtown activity
I'm 'bout to have fun without the problems that live with me
Not tryin' to be posh, but let's stay out the mosh pit
Tonight keep my nose out of trouble
Everybody in my bubble's been briefed
No beef, just party
Of course you're gonna have some clown niggas try to take us off course
Always lower levels tryin' to bring out the devil in us
Not condoned, but it's known
That a party ain't a party if the thugs don't try to shut it down
Tight security and it's still soft
Can't offset the thirty or plus caught in the rush
Keep the door sealed
'Cause the floor's filled with action
And we don't need any distractions tonight, y'all

Introduce me to your mademoiselle
I'm Tarzan and she's my gazelle
I live it big, some say it's notorious
Travel through minds, emotions, and euphorias
Glorious as I get great
Still kind of smooth like way back in my old school tapes
I bring it pronto
Rep the BX like Billy Blanco
Treat your troubles like colds, sweat it out, get it out
So we can get in the right mode, let it out
No need to pull on the throttle
If I could bottle this love, I wouldn't hesitate
Get it straight
Wonder why I can medicate the soul
While takin' its toll
Just for simply (Simply) havin' (Havin')
The right record that could bring in the pull
And this must be the right one, y'all
'Cause the dancefloor's full 'cause

Fear through time is left behind when you're simply havin'
A wonderful time, a beautiful time, leave the troubles you find at home
Take some time and ease your mind when you're simply havin'
A wonderful time, a beautiful time, leave the troubles you find at home
Fear through time is left behind when you're simply havin'
A wonderful time, a beautiful time, leave the troubles you find at home
Take some time and ease your mind when you're simply havin'
A wonderful time, a beautiful time, leave the troubles you find at home
Fear through time is left behind when you're simply havin'
A wonderful time, a beautiful time, leave the troubles you find at home
Take some time and ease your mind when you're simply havin'
A wonderful time, a beautiful time, leave the troubles you find at homeEmbed
I can just remember the number...

Just another area
For me to patrol
Just another area
That shows I got soul
Just another area
For me to patrol
Just another area
That shows I got soul

I got soul you see, I'm swimming in the De La
I'm in my hood man, my manhood worries ya
I'm known for sampling of soul food
Off the old school plates
When I met up with my niggas from the 718
One the Jungle Bro, the other Questas from Queens
Yet I had the matrix of the 516 in my genes
So I sided with my funk to bring my second on call
For me and the Sheep, our mission's on the beach of 804
(You're runnin' on an empty tank)
But still get paid in full (And get the girls)
Man, I'm packing gravitational pull
Bring the instamatic avalanche, my code intervenes
I'm out to scout the areas that remains to be seen
(What?)
You might also like
Well, many many digits had me seeking in my Wizard
Man, who's ringing up my area (ooh) oh!
I used to shoe it to the bridge but that's gone
Like the 718's out of Vietnam
Sniffin' skypagers had me drugged
(Man, I knew a psycho)
703's on my love bug
I made mates with the brothers up in 215
Crazy buddhas in my mind
My Chattanooga champs had me late for the camp
And my 202 keeps me marvellous
I guess Mars was my hideaway
But if the stars for a getaway

Since I'm capable I conjure up the walk in this way
I slip a syllable for Aspen and a Chester souffle
I be the 919 seeker, cause ain't off legit
So when I'm with my crew I always have a place to sit
Due to this, a brother tries to play me
(Yeah, like one in 514)
Yo, some kid tried to flip on me
They instigated a brawl
(So we set our knuckles on stun and made them all fall)
Then I just laughed
(Ha ha ha ha ha ha)
(We whooped that ass)
And put the feelings aside, I know who I am
I cashed the grain by the pound
I make sounds with the horn
When I color the corn, caught the fit
And sit the two when honey slung the tip
Well I'm taking my funds to the 301's
And Im playing my flute in the rear kibbut
My man from the 908's, he don't like it like that
So I pipes till the sunshine hikes
A kettle of our master plan makes the Malibu idol
(God forgive me) Well, it's a hook
The third to the 0 to the 5 had top feel the vibe
When the 516 played convicts

The man Maseo is here to put the habit along
And what you have, I'm 'bout to speak about your area code
Is it 918? (No)
Is it 212? (No)
Speakin' on 404? (Hell no)
What about 516? (I dunno)
What is it? (Not tellin' ya)
What is it? (Not tellin' ya)
What is it? (Not tellin' ya)
What is it? (Not tellin' ya)
(Huh? What?)

Just another area for me to patrol
I got status cause I'm baddest with the paint
Giving upside down frowns to London when 703
Her moms didn't like it, I had to let be
For the fact I lays bricks
Cause my semen ends with the letter T
My seed is hard to submerge
I play the tack in the wall if my rear's not watched
Cause some knuckle might just head for the urge
But I got Prince Paul in the Area
(Oh, it's like that now)
I got Hot Dog in the Area
(Heh heh heh)
I got the Violators in the area (Aaah)
I got the Violators in the area (Aaah)
It don't matter where you hide, I clear up the fall
Cop the fuck outta here, you fake-ass fraud
Clear my area
(I'm going home now, I have been up all night.)
(I been up all night, it's still Friday to me.)
(Come on now. Hey, Ellory, I'm going home!)
(Bob to the bob, d-dang, d-dang diggy-diggy)Embed
Ah one two, ah one two
Ah one two, ah one two
Breakadawn, breakadawn (ah one two, ah one two)
Breakadawn, breakadawn (ah one two, ah one two)
Breakadawn, breakadawn (ah one two, ah one two)
Breakadawn, breakadawn (ah one two, ah one two)
Breakadawn, breakadawn (ah one two, ah one two)
Break of-

I was born in the Boogie Down cat scan
Where my building fell down on the rats and
People sold the super on a trip to the penile (penile)
While I settle off the shores of the Long Isle
My file is clean, I mean my mind is clear when I transmit
I am the man-ner of the family 'cause the pants fit
I want to let forensics prove that I can mends Groove
With the thread from needle outta hay, wanna say
Salutations to the nation of the Nubians
We 'bout to place you in that 3 Feet of stew again
I got the frequency to shatter Mrs. Jones' perm
I gotta "hey love" all the honies, cost me short term
Tallying a score for the shottie in the jacket
For the brother bes a nigga when he packs it
So get your butt out the sling, I stung Muhammad, float a note
That means I'm def, so like the autographs, I'm signed until the break
You might also like
Breakadawn, breakadawn
Ah one two, ah one two
Breakadawn, breakadawn
Ah one two, ah one two
Breakadawn, breakadawn
Ah one two, ah one two
Breakadawn, breakadawn
Ah one two, ah one two
Break of-

Ayo, groove with the mayor, hazard on the sayer
Wave the eighteen mill', even still
Sack a bag of troubles, make a single double
Loop the coin and join the minimum wage
I had a plan if I was the man, I'd pro the jects
Lay it low and leg mad cassettes
I unconditioned my ways of the everyday sunset
Wagin' my days to the one bet
'Cause your breaks'll have the carrot of cakes, whether mine
Out of line, I breeze into the early mornin'
Freak the WIC call and get a tap on my shoulder
'Cause the days of the breaks be just about over
The arts of the six won't play my bag of tricks
I got the sevens in my pocket somewhere
Reasons for the Cheer All Temperature here
I keep it to the rear, and then I'm exploding
I be the fab, I be the fabulous but see, unlike the Chi
I got the flea up in the name (ah one two, ah one two)
Can't no one bend my cousin from the Peter Piper like the others
Latchin' on to when I caught the fame (ah one two, ah one two)
Pass the task to ask me 'bout the Native Tongue again, my friend
I tell you, Jungle Brothers On the Run (ah one two, ah one two)
I've shaken hands with many devils in the industry
Believe the Genesis like Phil with stills mean that I'm def
Like the autographs, I'm signed until the break

Breakadawn, breakadawn
Ah one two, ah one two
Breakadawn, breakadawn
Ah one two, ah one two
Breakadawn, breakadawn
Ah one two, ah one two
Breakadawn, breakadawn
Ah one two, ah one two

We in the mornin', after, and, but in the end I be the is
'Cause in the midst, man, it's alright
Momma got the book into my day-life
My pops got the belt, so best believe we sail the wave
To the Long I laid the anchor in the 'Ville
And how I relate, I stay inside of my gates
Break days mess up my mind, ground zero degrees
And the weather feels fine
You opened my eyes man, thought I had a man
But how could I eye-scan, I wasn't around
I seen the states and played the dates in the far-far
Gathered the new, from the zoas around
Grew old with Mikey Rodes and played the codes
Sometimes I don't budge, without my cous' Fuzz
A simple, "How ya do?" Ah check it from my friends and my crew
Makes it definitely special
Now there's no Shiny Happy People in the crew, we play the rough
I got the huff, and puff, to blow the house low
You know the never-ending factor while I'm on, so tell a squid
I know an Enterprising brother, so report to the bridge
I bounce a ball with my left, a squid with my right
('Cause a squid is just a punk) Yo, he deserved to lose the fight
I might meander 'cross your dream, travellin' up the stream
Plug Wonder Wonder Why you're lonely tonight
We see the girls scream as if we're shocked by the live shell
Let's round 'em up and get 'em back to the hotel
Motel, holiday, inn-fact
I'm gonna let you know, once again, that De La Soul
Is sure to show you we will hit the charter harder
Than the normal rappin' bull
(Ah one two, ah one two)11Embed
Smoothed out without the R&B
(Mercy) Come on!
(Mercy) Come on y'all!
(Mercy) Come on!
There's no R&B in this song
Now come along my children, come along
Come along my children, come along
Come along my children, come along
There's no R&B in this song!

Pushed up a dame by the name of Crystal
Her flaunt's to the point just like a missile
A habit with ears kiddin' with gold mags
And since she fancies facial hair she asked my name
(Hey baby what's your name?)
Now ever so fab I said I'm wala
Miss Wild who used to run tough with Koala
She was a winner of my metaphor and she knew that
I said "I'm gonna feed your mouth," she said "You do that"
Now Crystal stops the jeep I think I'm mad fly
She used to have a man wit lots of mad signs
Her strut was guaranteed to make a gay smile
And in bed she had proved to be real agile
I show her to her lounge and I dined her
Then she gave me some digits where I could find her
I licked her like a stamp
Laid and sticked her like a champ
But the (Tramp) gave me burn
I had to go see the doctor
You might also like
(3 days later) Skeezer, skeezer, skeezer (Uhhhh)
(3 days later) Skeezer, skeezer, skeezer (Oh yeah)
(3 days later) Skeezer, skeezer, skeezer
(3 days later) Skeezer, skeezer, skeezer!

Well it was thirty after nine and I was loungin'
Tokin' on some smoke 'cause I was poundin'
I rang up seven up so we can skip to the mall
Thinkin' a good day to shop, but then we got stopped
A shooter man said "Yo well it's a stick up"
A whole lot of dirt was 'bout to kick up
I had screens in my pocket
And man, tonight's my date
Wit Smokey Sue, now what was I to do?
In my head I'm thinking, 'Should I dodge the bullet?'
'Man this kid is bluffin' you can pull it'
I feared the whole scene
The shooter didn't bluff
Now look at me now
He shot my ass dead
(Yeah)


Yep, yep big trucker man's rollin' in town
How ya do, how ya do
I got the joints to make ya (jump!)
Because I'm headin' eastbound
Tired of the merry go round and around
And everybody's talkin' bout you're so funny
But they still tellin' lies to me
I got the trees in my backyard
And it's hard for them to tell a lie to me
And who's the foot? I'm the foot, but who's steppin'
(Ain't no half steppin')
You know where I'm steppin'
Skirts play wit it cause I'm slick like that
I'm the greatest MC in the world!
You gots to gimme gimme mine 'cause I'm heavy when I weigh it
Watch the way I say it (Ego trip)
I change my pitch up, smack my bitch up, I never did it
The flavor's bein' bought, but brothers ain't gettin' it
Get it, or else you're a goner
When I rolls over, ya gonna have to wanna lamp
'Cause it's the Chattanooga champ
Takin' the train, takin' the train, takin' the train, takin' a train
You might also like
Now I'm somethin' like a phenomenon
I'm somethin' like a phenomenon
Well, I'm the hourglass cat
Drug it out of jack (For Jill)
'Cause I spilled the phenomenon
Pack the holes in my lawn
Got the girls in my song
Word is bond, I'm a livin' phenomenon
Well I'm a better brand 'cause I'm a superman
I run the block with my circle cause I'm nubian
I got the platinum rust, so don't even fuss
'Cause DJ Paul, he's down wit us
Now people stop takin' my stylin' for a joke
I don't sassafras, I put the foot up their ass
Sometimes I'm fast, won't arf like a seal
When they reminisce over you
For real
Mase chopped the record down to the bone
And now Renee King is on my telephone
But I got the Ring Ring Ha Ha Hey Hey
'Cause this type of shit it happens every day
I got to make me a connection so my imports stuff
(Word) Word 'em up
'Cause I'm so fly
Yes, on and on
I'm ins like - (Don't rock my yacht)
I got Gills like Johnny
Sail at 7 elf (Well, good for ya)
Bigger than bigs, dig it (I dug it)
Ways that amazes popes
I am the is equals is 'cause it's caught up
When the tides taught me the ropes
No weights for the baits (Man, I'll give you four)
For a verb unheard of (Man, gimme one more)
Alright you got it if you're special
With a dapper toe tapper when a lot's goin' on
(And ain't a damn thing happenin')
The answer to the riddle is me and here's the question
Who can be (fresh), who can be (dope)
Who can be (nice), who can be (beautiful)
Who can be (word), who can be...

Me be the Jericho Turnpike bandit
Yes, competition try to troupe my way
I sing the song you never heard before
I feed the famine in the mind
So mind ya manners baby
I run a line on ya
Lay ya on the springs then slay ya
All this and a condom 'cause I be a taxpayer
Promotin' of a moccasin I skin like Danny Boone
When I swallow hear the (gulp)
So give me room, just give me room back the hell up
(Know what I'm sayin'?)
Or when I run the mic there won't be no delayin'
Pressure 40 dozen like an Easy Bake oven
(Blue's got the muffin (Eat it!), Blue's got the muffin (Eat it!))
Intoxicate many with my talk without intoxicatin' myself low
So I gots to walk slow, but ...
Don't you get too high
(Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip
Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip
Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip
Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip
Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip
Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip, Ego trip)
(Aaah!! Aaah!! Aahh!! Aahh!! Aahh!!
Aaah!! Aaah!! Aahh!! Aahh!! Aahh!!
Aaah!! Aaah!! Aahh!! Aahh!! Aahh!!
Aaah!! Aaah!! Aahh!! Aahh!! Aahh!!
Aaah!! Aaah!! Aahh!! Aahh!! Aahh!!)
PRINCE PAUL:
Somebody's cryin'?
I know somebody's cryin'
Who's cryin'?
Yo, somebody's cryin' here
(Trippin' down the fuckin' stairs)
(YEEAAAHHH!)6Embed
Thank you, thank you
And for my latest basket of cheers, here it goes, baby!

Mess up my mind, mess up my mind
Mess up my mind with the eye patch
Mess up my mind, mess up my mind
Mess up my mind with the eye patch
Mess up my mind, mess up my mind
Mess up my mind with the eye patch
(Everything I do gonna be funky)

Channeling in sync so my would bring (What!)
With that causin' all fat
I'm responsible for ya diet (Keep it quiet!)
Yo I got beats, state this stitch on my national fabric
My daughter will speak the Arabic that's how I live
Levitate to my nation when holding up your nickels
I pie like crumble so I Don like Rickles
Like green on the pickle
My papes are the up, master of the cabbage patch
Ya' eyes got the latch
So catch the cut, I hold the rut
For the people's reminder when in Maseo Path
I be the finder of the patch
You might also like
Can the cat's tongue slip, ya' do the 'da zip'
Take the horse into the jolly ranch
Keep the hush (*whistle*)
The good, the bad, and Uncle Tom, beat it kid (Ahh!)
Do-doot-doot-do-do-do-do-do
Show the sheep cause I found the fool
When I string the man with the eye patch, the eye patch
When I'm walkin' it and could ya' make it go sha-na-na-na

Mmm, it sniffs good
Punks show disguises while I'm standing on the wood
I be the in, cause the brotha' holdin' Glocks is out
I be the in, cause the pusha' runnin' blocks is out
I be the in cause the kid smokin' weed, shootin' seed which leads to a girl's stomach bein' 'bout a half a ton is out
Show the fingerprint and give me good grief for my lumber
Pants will sag cause my license as a plumber
Feel the Plug (Yo, something's wrong here)
Now give a shout

Yo what's up, I'd like to give a holler to Big 4-7 off in the Oakenone!
And I bring an income in to my baby girl Twyla in White Plains and all my peoples out in Delaware
Yeah, yeah, yeah, and I'd like to give a shout out to all those rappers who dissed us on record, and I wanna let you know you're still wack
And oh yeah, I ain't mention no names cause you might f-
(Hold it, I'm sorry, I didn't know you were going back to that)
(Ecoutez. Ecoutez.)1Embed
Biofeedback

You go "ichi, ni, san, shi"
I can't cook, but being a cook I'm servin' much to eat
I got multiple stabs of jazzy, sassafrassy
As I caught the fame of soul, years after mama had me
Tell ya' gladly, I brung forth the Tunin'
Which caused eyes to zoom in (Which put your person into focus)
No longer Kelvin Mercer but the Posdnuos, Plug One
Yo, I found fun in the scribblin' of speak
On a naked white sheet
Most recognized with my dark-brown self (Yo, you found some wealth?)
More in my mind than in my pocket
But I's got every Girbaud that ever sagged
I met some hoes, met some girls
Did a tour that took me all around the world
Did a tour that took me all around the world

I hit the shines but I'm shooin' it now
Remember when the floor might've had a spine? Well it's all bent over
A DayGlo nigga gets the red door mat
It's a roller coaster when your shit's burnt toast
Now Mr. Club Owner knows your jam (Jam)
When your jam is the jam and there's a tab at the bar
My mindstate's great, no thanks I don't drink
I sip the bo-bo, then I kettle it quick
I felt the heave in the jeeve, tap it in the basement
Diggin' my own understanding, quick
Let me get the single out, think Mr. Radio
Say the starlight is the same star bright
I figure now a nine and a blunt is a switch
But turn out the lights and some'll go bitch
It was one MC after one MC
Play the lamppost do the blow the dynamite
Well it's okay, and it's alright
Cause our birthday cake's external light
It'll all get graphic, people made of plastic
Look at the shine with my 50 watt eye
But man, I got the eye patch, and here's the latch
I fame it to a dame from Denver up to Maine
And lovin' deluxe, you won't catch me in no tux
Nah, man I won't honor the style
You might also likeBreak: Dres +"Shorty" + 
(Serious, serious, serious, serious)
Yo, shorty! Oh my goodness
How you doing, my name is Dres, listen-
Oh, isn't that Posdnuos? Oh, my God, yo
Honey you are-
Yo wassup, yo, man
Look, what's wrong with me? Honey, check this out
What about you?
Da-da-da dun-dun
Da-da-da dun-dun
Da-da dun-dun (Dun-dun) (Oh-oh-oh-oh-oh)
Da-da dun-dun (Dun-dun)
Da-da dun-dun-da-dun-dun-da-dun-dun (Da-da dun-dun)

Funny funny, how, time, fly
When, you, have, some

Light on the face cause the focus is the fickle
State of usin' I'ma use it to the rule and not the trickle
Caught a rush, but I played hush
While Andres Titus' into grabbin', as a pair we put the hearts to mush
Lush Dalea would hear the public beat
The same way for Titus when he Blacked the Sheep
But as the Knee went Deep, to deeper off the charts
The album faded to black, that's when the amnesia starts
Break: Dres +"Shorty" + 
(Serious, serious, serious, serious)
Aren't you Dres from Black Sheep?
Oh my god, what are you doing here?
Who are you here with?
I'm with my man Pos, you know Pos
Oh yeah, Positive K, yo, I like your music
(Stickabush, stickabush, stickabush, stickabush)

Hey boy, watch that style man, shit's all in
Shoot a shot, it all begin
I saw bootleggers dough shinin'
I saw Big 4 go get shinin'
A typical flick was the moment when the man said
"Ain't you?" Yeah, I is 'im
Hush yo' mouth, fallin' incog
Caught the light, didn't you, dog?
A fist of funk and a pocket that's clean
In the scene or in between
Gimme but a little bit of the starlight
I mail my ass to the darkness
I dig it, I dug it, I dig it, I dug it
I wiz it, I was it, I wiz it, I was it
Oh, Lord, lemme switch it off because you'll find
Some'll do it all for the light (Stop jivin')1Embed
I am Maceo. I be blowin' the soul out of this horn
You might also likeEmbed
Yo, yo, yo, do it

Yo, what up? It's Paul, got your message
I'm here to get this piece to redo it, or there's one we left for you
Whatever, whatever you said, I agree
That's why I was like to get tore up on "I Am I Be"
That rhymed
Uh
Uh
Qu'est-ce que c'est?
Uh
Yo, man, they dissed me in The Source, they gave me no credit for my songs, for the Slick Rick stuff in the new Source
Gave **** credit for songs I did
That's a diss, I'm mad, man
I hate **** and I hate ****
And you can quote me
And you can record this and put this on a record
I hate them, I hate them
And I'ma get em if it's the last thing I do
Anyway, hope you have a pleasant day, peaceYou might also likeEmbed
Say party over here (party over here)
Say party over there, (party over there)
Say party over here (party over here)
Say party over there (party over there)
Say party over here (party over here)
Say party over there (party over there)
Say party over here (party over here)
Say party over there (party over there)

Hey yo you feel that shit? (Yeah, it feels good)
Well, it's that thumpin shit (Well, I'm soakin too)
I'll introduce the split (I'll be the go) I'll be the get
Fixin' with the ins for the outs we set
Hey Shortie (yeah mister) Make no mistake
I challenge the bang for a bigger rhyme bouquet
(You be buggin') Well I bugs like roaches on rugs
Speaker of the bone like the speaks in my loans
Give me the night baby and I'll be good in the woods
Ya freakin my mind, ya freakin my mind
I told the maceo bout the days that go (He know!)
I know he know cuz he's out to get the gold
The Chattanooga cruisin' with the malibu shit
The bigger of the isa (Cuz he is the shit)
I'm like hickory (dickory, niggas!)
I make you feel lost like high school history
Creator of the rhymin dominoes
Watchin 'em drop it's the joint see
So hit me with the Zsa Zsa (indeed darling)
The coolest fool, be the coolest fool
I know the watch be in the air but I kick a new bucket
Sippin it with Shortie so check the way we cuff it
It's that indonesian funk up in your trunk
Makin' ya bob bob makin' ya bob
Makin' ya bob bob makin' ya bob
Makin' ya bob bob makin' ya bob
You might also like
It's that funky shit (in the woods)
That be beyond understandin (in the woods)
Yo we do it with the soul (in the woods)
Timber! (in the woods)

Punch that O for operator baby its a love solid
I been stylin' abstract since loose leafs was the shit
Catch me breathin' on planes where the gangsta's outdated
Fuck being hard, Posdnuos is complicated
As my pants play the sagatogah I can order sniffs of
Frequencies, frequencies
Cuz I freak MCs with the rhythm rock live
((Man I'd rather point a pistol at ya head and try to burst it))
No jive in the matter so niggas start runnin'
Yo that native shit is dead so the stickabush is comin'
(Stickabush) it's comin' (Stickabush) (it's here)
Fuck the five count it only takes three to bring it near
So let me move ya won better as the salad is tossed
And get a taste of the Mase that you thought was lost

I'm cautious wit my looks (in the woods)
Pickin them nines in my hair (in the woods)
Sniffin for the beats like litter (in the woods)
The plugs just can't be found (in the woods)
Can I come off with the rest of em I think I should
Could I? Of course, one verse now ya lost it
Found it realizing I came off it sounds mean
But pal, there's a new kid on the scene
I got much soul on the down-low tip
Lay back smooth, one drink I'll be trippin
Never don't you dare consider me a fly gal
Pal, I got props on a different tip
I recall back I go for mine, I get the goods
Wouldn't you know, forgot my compass, I got lost in the woods
Found my way and I was out I pronounce every letter
And if I had the chance I'd do it better
I heard a holler down the way and now I'm out for the time being
Ya wanna be in but you can't see what I'm seein
Time and time, my friend, I stay gettin it on
And now they playin my song again

I got feminine style (in the woods)
I'm not tryin to be sexy (in the woods)
And no you can't knock the boots (in the woods)
A lot of things be happenin (in the woods)Embed
Watch this
Beatbox
I'll beatbox
I'll beatbox
I'll beatbox
I'll beatbox
I'll beatbox
I'll beatbox
I'll beatbox

A-mic test, one two
Aww man, I check it better
Whatcha mean Biz Markie? Whatcha mean Biz Mark?
I hit the rhyme with the mayonnaise, that's what I mean
Whatcha mean Biz Markie? Whatcha mean Biz Mark?
Man, I got beats up my sleeve like you wouldn't believe
Whatcha mean Biz Markie? Whatcha mean Biz Mark?
With my (A-one two) I substitute about a loop
So let me serve ya with the slow, with the Plug of two scoops

Mr. Miyag' never did dip for Dove
Bootleggers my legs and, grit about a hug
And who gets the Motts, I knots by the chance
I rain-dance, I rain-dance
But stepping just a bit I don't need another shadow
Makes makes, is gonna be the new man's motto
Don't increase the bull, because my pulley is broken
And my belly is full
It's a second I reckon on the bone and the ball
Makin' London bridges fall, so check it
I bring a point to the joints that we change and chop
But we could bring it back to the beatbox
You might also like
I'm Posdnous Plug Wonder, plotter
Serenade her 'cause I got a, record
When in the womb I was naked, now I
Chill with latex 'cause of how I, enter
The black wood without a splinter, proving
I had the chills what helps in moving, asses
Saw the light cause I got glasses, so we
Sip the cappucino slowly
(I'sah makes big money)
(I drive big) Cars,
Serve the bubble like a bar, tender
When in flight like a sender, lace
Sticks of dynamite on bass, head
Lace the shoe until he dead
Run, 'cause the cop is gonna come
Diss my Plug style
So they can kiss my, grits
Hold my balls without a mitt, grab
The mouthpiece to talk the dag, nabbit
I keeps goin like that rabbit, rico-
-chet a dame I need a Snicker, satis-
-fy the Norman to the Gladys, Knight
My glasses help me see the light, so we
Sip the cappuccino slowly
(In life, it's what you see is usually whatcha) Get
Won't take a Drag-without-a-Net, known
To put the rhythm in the bone
Marrow, laid the pipe to please Cari-lou
(I don't know)
If it's true
That's a fumble
Well, catch a fever from the jungle
Chocolate, nubian girls flock to it, sweets
And if I can't sample beats, get the
Beatbox equipped with the, dirt
Biz Mark and Doug E. works, fine
Mase work the wheel I tangle lines, HARK
The light is thirsty in the dark, so we—
Beatbox
I'll beatbox
I'll beatbox
I'll beatbox

It's like I saw it in the river but my M wasn't fixed
Super heavy like a Chevy pump a Maseo mix
I had some screams in my pockets, and played it kinda hush
And did the outs (Got to check out the avenue)
I peeped the Zoah on the gimme-gimme, plus we hit the plat'
Then the amps was on samps, the villains got fat
The Natives went to neighbor then to (Nigga please)
It's a hustle for a joint when your settlement G's
But we still be on the wax because it acts like that
We still be on the moves because it moves like that
So there ain't no reason to don't stop
'Cause we can bring it back to the beatbox

Yo who—, I don't know who was on this mic, man
This thing smells awful here, manEmbed
Look man! You're botherin me G
I got shit to do right now, aight?
This is for De La Soul, y'knahmsayin?
Word up I got shit to do you test tube baby! {*laughing*}
Check one two, check one two
De La Soul, is now back on the map
Long Island, is now back on the map
Good rap music, is now back on the map
Yo check one two, this is the voice of yours truly the Flava Flav
And I just want y'all to know, we ain't goin nowhere
Old school is here to stay BOY!
 + (Flava Flav)
On the outskirts, of what works
Live those who go for broke, and merk to get merked
Live by the sword and die by the semi
Not part of my ways, but stays right in my
N.Y. mentality for me to be the best
The current, the ones who weren't
Pressed, to confess lies over hot joints
To sell to all who wanna hear some
(Young'uns these days got fireproof eardrums!)
They don't give a SHIT who's hot
Just long as you're not, pussy, and be the would-be King
But once crowned, the same wanna pull you down
(And what makes the world go 'round!!)
And I be the world renowned Wonder Why
Wonderin why you can't stand me
Is it because I'm the main Jackson
And y'all just Titos and Randys? (Yes, it is!)
Bless the kid who hold his own head and expect to last
At the same time, I want respect and cash
And a few paragraphs in them books
Tellin you how us Native Tongues made hits with no hooks
Rapped in every prefixes since gave birth to rap remixes back in '88
No disrespect to Diddy just settin it straight
Instead of zig-zaggin, got a degree in braggin
My daughter says I'm a teen, cause like a teen
My pants always saggin and I walk with a bop
The sag's part of my time, my walk from my pops
No longer on Tommy and was never on Loud
But cooked rhymes that make the Chefs of Wu proud
I'm top cloud to rain on your show
And still "anything goes when it comes to hoes" because
You might also like
Music (c'mon) New York (c'mon) Detroit (c'mon) c'mon down!
Miami (c'mon) L.A. (c'mon) Vegas (c'mon) c'mon down!
Boston (c'mon) Tucson (c'mon) Long Island (c'mon) c'mon down!
V.A. (c'mon) Portland (c'mon) Chi-Town (c'mon) c'mon down!
 + (Flava Flav)
Make you shake like, sunshine, naked shoe was once mine
Had bottom inner drawers and used to hit it from the mids
Fix your playground player or some kids'll
Come stomp in your sandbox, swollen hands cocked back
No knives, no drama, no guns
No disrespectin your seed or Ma Dukes
I puke rhyme and you laugh, take a sniff
Of these fricaseed raps on Carribean riffs
See last night's change was today's dough money
No time for your freestyles so roll money
No more whack albums with two joints
No more ballplayin rappers who shoot ya two points
(No more G cause I'm sick of your hip-hop!)
Your flows bore like seashores with no bitches
Switchhittin niggas will receive no pitches
No diamonds on the field, just keep the game real
Simple, see the God flows healthy
Wealth in the mind is like money in the bank
Exchange cash like thoughts in conversation
Thank you for your purchases, we dough out
And roll out the Kool-Aid, {?} see us pimp strut
Ain't really pimpin, I'm tryin to catch the bus
The Krush Groove ain't got shit on Cold Crush!
We dolly dolly babies cause we shootin cats
'Back to the Future' rap with Doc Brown shotgunnin it
And pantyhose your whole style and start runnin it
You dudes fiddle while we stay on the cello
The mush-in-your-room son, we stay portobello
Can't settle for the same picket white fence
I got dreams of barbed wire in front of factories pa
Still push the truck with the factories pa
I'm bound to wreck the whip and turn insurance out, make 'em shout
D.C. (c'mon) Oakland (c'mon) U.K. (c'mon) c'mon down!
New Orleans (c'mon) Little Rock (c'mon) B-More (c'mon) c'mon down!
Memphis (c'mon) Utah (c'mon) Jersey (c'mon) c'mon down!
Atlanta (c'mon) Brooklyn (c'mon) Philly (c'mon) c'mon down!

Yeah that's right! Flava Flav, with De La Soul
Act bold, and we knock you straight up in the hole
Y'knahmsayin? Six feet deep, that's the way that we keep, rollin
Y'knahmsayin? Operation tech sensation in the nation
Ready to take it to Penn Station, y'knahmsayin?
Yeah, ah ha ha ha {*laughing*}
Long Iz one is, that's where we is man {*laughing*}
De La Soul, you done it again!
De La Soul, you done it again! {*laughing*}
De La Soul, you done it again! {*laughing*}
Flava Flav, De La Soul, you done it again!Embed
I'm getting the groove now, so like
I'm givin' it my own shit, now
Could the drummer have some y'all
Could the drummer have some more
Said the drummer ain't had none in a long time
C'mon, drummer
Bring that beat back, bring that beat back, man
Y'all wanna hear that beat, right?
1,2 1,2

ええと
すたらかんかんかんかんかんかんかん高木かん
ビートにのせかしこれこれ一番
そ都市技ニュ詩人グルーヴ
めぐりめぐってこの町で振る
トヨタにホンダ日本も色々
ソニー千葉千葉、その他諸々
だしちゃイルケドラップの六音
稀なことだが今 rock on

一 (一) 二 (二)
三 四 五 六 七 八 九
十 十一 十二 十三時間
飛行機に乗っかりここニューヨーク (oh yeah)
ビビリジョジョジョ Ani Shinco Bose (oh shit)
ほら見て Prince Paul, Maseo
Pos に Dove もいるじゃんよ
英語でなんか言ってるよ (なぬ)
ラップをしてみろと
ごご二じスタジオハイ OK
律儀なぼくらは持ち on time
メンバーなんかだえ一人きちゃ稲
五時間かるか経過して
What's up?
わさわさと連チュ来ました
はと気がつきゃスタジオの中
Yes, yes y'all
We don't stop
こんなもんで皆さんいかがでしょ
You might also like
Long Islands wildin', Long Island's wildin'
That's what I'm saying, long island's wildingEmbed
Peace, this is Spike Lee AKA Shelton Jackson Lee
AKA loving husband and father of Tonya and Satchel and Jackson
I'm here with De La Soul AKA De La, AKA The Plugs
We're about to get in this song, "Church" AKA "It's Reality" (Ayo)

Wake up, wipe the sleep from ya eye-cracks
It's time to focus y'all, fix ya IMAX
In other words, listen to the brother's words
Ingest these anecdotes with hope
Then your ass may learn how to cope
It's not always good just to get by
Who's coverin' your stakes when you bet high?
You're chasin' cars, clothes and rocks
Identify with the goods you got
Make sure it's VS1, not
Imperfect, leavin' you unclear
I really don't care to see your tattoos there
I'd rather see you graduate the school year
Black folk, go put a book in your face
But first give the hook a taste, bring the preacher in

Heal, heal, y'all
We comin' healin'
It's real, it's real
It's realer than real, realer than real
Heal, y'all, we comin' healin'
So let it heal, it's real
It's real
It's realer than real, realer than real
You might also like
Sick world that we live in like some tell it
Some put it in books, some yell it
You need to make your own choice, be your own voice
Set your soapbox up, let your talk fight
Pull your socks up, get your walk right
Or the chalk might outline you one day
You oughta try steppin' outside you one day
You circle 'round yourself like you the answer
To the question of your inner self
But keep ya falsehoods to a minimum (Minimum)

We all need a little church
A life update, keyword "update"
If they don't serve change, don't bite the bait
Instead of givin' you a share, servin' you a dish
I lead you to the water, show you how to fish
Ain't nothin' wrong makin' that bread with it
But don't let the bread get to your head, get it?
And admit it when you can't stand alone
I wanna stand up, give all the pretend up
And get a full blast of my demands up
The rhyme runneth over, sip the man's cup
There's something in our words that reveal ('Veal)
Sure 'nuff real
Heal, y'all, we come to heal
So let it heal you
It's real, it's real
It's realer than real, realer than real
Heal, y'all, we gonna heal it
So let it heal, it's real
So real
It's realer than real, for real, for real

The early bird gets the worm in this rotten apple
But explore deep and you will the find the seed
Plant more ether, get your mind free
We roll passionate, put your lights last in it
You're holdin' fear too close, unfasten it
And like old age invades youth
Invade falseness with truth
Replace rebelling with rebirth
Face new dwelling, that's your turf
Now kick back and put your feet up on the sofa, bruh
Relax (Relax) and learn how to punch back
And do your work to the max
The payoff's much sweeter than the payback
Even the haystack needle wouldn't play that
So let's pray at church (Church)
Heal, heal, y'all
We comin' healin'
It's real, it's real
It's realer than real, realer than real
Heal, y'all, we comin' healin'
So let it heal, it's real
It's real
It's realer than real, realer than real

Reality (Reality), real
Reality (Reality), real
Reality (Reality), real
Reality (Reality), real
Reality (Reality), real
Reality
Hm-mm-mm
Hm-mm-mm-mm

You know what I mean? Rap outsold crack
You know? So rap— or hip-hop culture
However you wanna dice it, you know what I'm sayin'?
It's the most powerful drug there is, man
It changed corporate America, it changed the way you feel about me
It changed the way that I— I do my thing now
Busta was the one that came out on— on the award show and said
That hip-hop is the only thing that provides jobs for people that don't even love the shit
I mean, come on, man, I mean what else is there to say?Embed
Nah, nah, nah, nah, nah, nah
Hold that, hold that, hold that
Yo all that, all that Trying
Y'all, I told y'all about Trying
Trying is later on man
Can we try something for the ladies
Can we try something for the ladies
Can we do that De La
Let's get that goin' on man
Told y'all about those messages and shit man
We get to that later man, know what I mean
Let's just do something for the ladies man
Let's get a chorus goin' on or something
Let's pop a chorus off, ya know what I mean
Let's do that right now, let's get that goin' on
Let's try that out

I see you real niggas do fake things sometimes
One of them is grabbin' on his mic to rhymes
So let us demonstrate the right way ya need to place
Yo, it's De La up in ya face
Better yet ya whole scene, here to pull in the green
With Philly Black
You might also like
Just layin' back, raisin' my stacks
Cause how they want it I give it to em' rock or the raw
Yo it really don't matter son, some hot shit for y'all
To go cop at the store, I spit, kick at ya jaw
Leave you on the floor on all fours, you slaw

We burn fast in black flag lands
Bringin' herds and caravans
And heat rock rhythms, you Blink-182 times
In between I do mines
Showboat refs, I put y'all niggas on deck

Yeah son y'all faggots are soft
I been through, carried the torch
Recognized and done married a dwarf
So in-laws pay a writer's fee
My stizzy sets a wiz bitch's eye in me
Pissy in a rizzy
Indian wife I flip em' behind reachin' for sobriety
Blew north, never find me
Reside in this state of mind
Keep my temple developmental
Projects, front-line essential
Reminded of concubines and evil that men do
Cut off Ginsu, carry a brand new
Vandle issues, brandin' issues
Grabbin' tissues, like you didn't know you had it in you
I live it up y'all, givin' you what y'all
Need and can't call, carry the ball
Like a spit-kicker should and ya wish ya could
Hold it down like the digital who stitched the hood
Better yet the whole globe, light it up like a strobe
While you froze panicin'
Went from man to maniquin
We them peaceful rap stars
That can still jab ya in ya face
Leave ya shit redder than Mars

The sauce and shit, of course we it
The coffee shit, groundin' beef like Maxwell House
Go ask the house
We representatives
Go call ya Senators
Change laws in rap, renovate ya landscape
The man takes for sixteen
And pull a paragraph up out the tango, hang it like Van Gogh
Water broke flows to c-sec, you read xecs
Miscarried the rap, abortin' ya whole fortEmbed
Why do we have to cross over?
Why are niggas always crossing over somethin, huh?
I mean, what's the matter, huh?
They can accept our music as long as they can't see our faces?
One, two, one, two,  You got it
Wootah!

Runnin' through the trenches (What?)
Runnin' through the trenches (What?)
Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti Dooke
(It's the Patti what?)
Runnin' through the trenches (Oh!)
Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti's Dooke
Runnin' through the trenches (What?)
Runnin' through the trenches (What?)
Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti Dooke
(It's the Patti what?)
Runnin' through the trenches (Oh!)
Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti's Dooke

Just the other day I got a starter kit
(An M is a terrible thing to waste)
Caught the face from the backs of the border of the mindstate
I play control to a fraud
(Nah it ain't happenin')
Nada to make it even
Robbin' and thievin' is one who infiltrates with a Colgate frown
Y'all remember my nasal for I sniff frequencies
(Well, it started in the year of '78)
But it's '93 or should I say '94 for my style is much more
(I said, "Come in") Come in
(Come on) Come out into my reservoir
As I macks a men your bastard style has just been stuck
By a sticker with a 'frigerator lickin'
What if, how's about why would
Never thought that the napalm would bust your jeans
You might also like
Mash it up
The one with the beard
Mega moustache the beat (hide it)
Deep under sheets, cover this hint
Hostin' all threats but watch out Mr. Jarbage
Jimmy and the jet, standin' on the pier
I'm known as the farmer
Cultivatin' mate without mendin'
Bendin', comprimising any of my styles to gain a smile
Listen while you hear it
There's no pink in my slip
I reckon that the rhythm and the blues in the rap got me red
While the boys from Tommy plant bridge crossin' to a larger community
Yet they're soon to see I have a brother named Luck
A nigga named Dres
A groupie named Cassandra caught bobbin' on the head
Of a Baby named Chris, I missed a kid who caught wreck when sayin'
(Afrika and I when Sammy B's on the set)

Runnin' through the trenches (What?)
Runnin' through the trenches (What?)
Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti Dooke
(It's the Patti what?)
Runnin' through the trenches (Oh!)
Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti's Dooke
(Prevention against sucka M.C.'s)
(Prevention against sucka M.C.'s)
(Prevention against sucka M.C.'s)
(And now, prevention against sucka M.C.'s)
(We decided to change the cover a little bit)
(Because we see the big picture)
(Negroes and white folks buyin' this album)
(Negroes and white folks buyin' this album)
(Everybody's gonna know who this group is)
(We just felt that the picture wasn't as important as it was that we
Succeeed in crossing over)
(Cross over ain't nuthin' but a double cross)
(Once we lose our audience we never gon' get them back)
(He may even try to change our sound)

Let no man put asunder
Severin' the groups I never blunder
Cashin' all the checks on the mic
I might cherry to the bush, brand Plug One-der
Funk to the fame against hoods
Bridges saggin' to woods down under
They can't be raised with the feminine praise
In conjunction with no chocolate in the mix
White boy Roy cannot feel it
But the first to try and steal it
Dilute it, pollute it, kill it
I see him infiltratin' to the masses
And when they leechin', I'ma shoot 'em all in they asses
Runnin' through the trenches (What?)
Runnin' through the trenches (Yeah?)
Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti Dooke
(It's the Patti what?)
Runnin' through the trenches (Ah!)
Runnin' through the trenches it's the Patti's Dooke

(It might blow up but it won't go pop)
(It might blow up but it won't go pop)
(It might blow up but it won't go pop)
(It might blow up but it won't go pop)
(It might blow up but it won't go pop)
(It might blow up but it won't go pop)
(It might blow up but it won't go pop)
(It might blow up but it won't go pop)

I shed light and not skin
I ain't from Europe
Afro connects at the root of the retina of the third
Mums the word when ya blind baby
Blind to the fact
Don't rest in Compton so I don't own a gat
But respect is clear crystal
Cause Millie got a pistol
And she's down with me
Wild of most wild
Born child to the old school legitimate (soul)
Talker of the many paragraphs ago
Walker of the plenty broken calves ago
Phantom of the phrase black in many ways
'Cause I see her runnin' through the trenches
Comin' in to rent my style
I'm not the one to fuck with
I'm lockin' you out
I'm just not to fuck wit, so check it

Y'all know who I am
Listen up son
Peace to my man Premier
And y'all better guard your trenches cause we runnin' through 'em
(Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)
(Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)
(Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)
(Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)
(Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)
(Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)
(Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)
(Do it....fluid....Mess up my mind....)
Tell me somethin' huh?
How come they never cross over to us, huh?
I never seen five niggas on Elvis Presley album cover!1Embed
Oh, what do ya know? He comes

Down, like water, fresh out the clouds clown
Ground you like terrible weather
Nobody does it better than I, so approved by Carly Simon
Most rappers is real hard but still hardly rhyming
To all, (rise and shine) give God the glory
I already give a percent of mine to Bert & Cory
And still got bills and employees to pay
So excuse me Lord, we'll settle up towards the end of my days
My ways of control is hard to swallow
Known to lead, but some would rather see me follow behind
Sorry to dis-appoint, but dis joint's mine
'Splay your indie but say no
More or I'll blind you like Spit did to Ramo
(Through the dirt) And edit the clip and lost Kano
My mens wear problems like Timbs
See it all in they face, ask Mase, he got wars to win
Scores to settle, crews to crush
You rush right in to see him do it with a smile
It's Long Isle y'all (Long Island)
Longevity sustaining my celebrity status
From AM to PM, you see him on file y'all
I was told to step righteous, so when it's done
Everyone will say I stepped right
And whether through religion, or stopped by the cop
Shining his flash in my face, I'm bound to see the light
You might also like
A few short words, and what do ya know?
Oh, what do ya know? He comes

Ayo I'm up against these walls here, my back stiff straight up
Dazzling and razzling broads like I'm little Juan Magic
Magnetically handle mics, they don't drop
Top drama every time these commas don't drop
Pop spots like lint on your shirt, the net worth
To shoot the rock homey in many courts of ball
Four couldn't do it, so we bring all six
I circumcise the track, you just a dick, overlapped and hooded
Skin repeated like Stuttering John
I repeat like yesterday, it don't stop
George of this poor life pop, put the Scarlet
In a place she believes, much better than your lies
She say she lookin' better in my eyes, bullshit!
Same crock she done ran to duck, crammin to fuck
I put the pudding on her like Bill Cosby
I tried to speak my piece in court but Judge Mills paused me
Bifocusedly die hopeless sometimes
Yo cry your poker face, you oughta try it one time
When God is an iPod, you stand to download
Demanded like slaves on trial (We want free!)
Man cock aim ready, it's time you MC
So you rappers bust BB guns, graffiti runs
Through my veins since cable with the wired remote
Woodgraining like you wired his float
C'mon, Pretty Toney and De La Soul
We was rhymin through the frozen street since 8 years old
Take us back to eighty-eight, you couldn't catch our flow
A group of kids so original, you heard?
C'mon, Pretty Toney and De La Soul
We was rhymin through the frozen street since 8 years old
Take us back to eighty-eight, you couldn't catch our flow
A group of kids so original, you heard?

Tony 'Tana with big hammers for bad manners who got 'em
We kiss cannons for Scrangelous crew, and his whack dancers
Biting is forbidden, pah, pay that tax
And don't you ever look at us funny
Boy, we'll bring rap back
And that'll hurt you like Superman chased by a group of men
With dyna-mics, real hip-hop'll do you in
Floor you like Loo Goo Kim, or Moo Loo Inn
Hula-hoop all bitches crew full with brand new Keds
Cutmaster kill 'em, make sure we cut classics
Buck bastards in broad day and tuck caskets
Next to Uday and Qusay, how can the group shoot the PA
And just lay whooptay whooptay?
Use the ruse, sport beads, and snatch a dude's toupee
Since tuning into T-La Rock and AJ
Ghostface gats is fresh squeezed like a glass of OJ
Girls, you can go cruising in my OJ
A few short words, and what do ya know?
Oh, what do ya know? He comesEmbed

We are singing, you this message
Through our music, reaching for a, brave and brighter
New tomorrow, is the future
We must make it, safe and happy, for the children
Or... or... they will be lost
Or... or... they will be lost

Aiyyo I jump back, put the aim on my shot
It's mandatory, handle glory over with the rock
I'm not a rough guy but a tough guy to beat over drums
No son to this, I'm a rhyme bastard
Some mastered the art of cash, but not the part that lasts
And disappear after doin two albums
We're not your normal team and we still do ours to fit
Hope inside this, don't define it's
Quits for those who oppose the new
Playin' they've outgrown rap like a size 5 shoe
Oh they all neo now, alternative touch
Were surprised, no demise for us
We on the rise to bust big, how you fig' we couldn't
Never run out of verbs for you to sip, I told you we wouldn't
I never popped Crist' or pop this, girl named Chrissie
Was the first, which made it even worse not to miss me
You might also like
Or... or... they will be lost (the future)
Or... or... they will be lost (the future)

So do you understand it now? Well try standin' over
Seven box sets, reppin sixteen years
This rap career ain't work, it's the life in-between
Bedtime 'til the next said time and date
Know the name and salute them dudes
Put the nutrient in rap when they cook them foods
Gotta be like eighteen million heads served
Shit, imagine if there wasn't no us huh?
So I'd like to take the time to shout out the JB's
Next on my list is A Tribe Called Quest
Latifah my Queen, Monie Love, Dres and Mr. Lawnge
Chi-Ali, hold your head God bless
Never ring chasin, the permanent tat
In this rap shit, y'all are just temporary lick-ons
Fadin in the days to come
While the name De La and the legacy built lives on

We are singing (sing it out now)
You this message (sendin you a message y'all)
Through our music (through the music)
Reaching for a, brave and brighter new tomorrow
(another day y'all) is the future (it's the future)
(it's the future) We must make it (we gotta make it)
Safe and happy, for the children (for the children)
You little brats1Embed
If the meek shall inherit the earth
And not the weak
Let me inherit the street, fuck it
You know what I mean?
I mean I love life man, you know what I mean
Life is beautiful, it's just the shit in it that's fucked up
It's rough but it's fair
People gotta go out there and bust they, bust they ass for a job
I mean, my dad's got five kids, man and I mean you know
He hates drivin' a bus but he loves five kids
You feel me?
:
I'm a rhyme artist
Out here tryin' to grind my hardest
Up early so to milk the cow
Keep my john deere out here plowin' the fields
To keep my John Hancock's worth up in the now
Went from hangin' on blocks to hangin' on charts
Positions is parta my mission to hangin' on top
Gotta get your polly cracker or with them crackers
And them scheisty ass niggas if you like it or not
I've been rewired to work more efficiently in the dirt
I'm hands on with it all up in my cuticles
Some try to get off the farm but fell into harm
Of gettin in the game of those street pharmaceuticals
But, I was raised in those blue collar themes
Havin' white collar dreams cause I see what it means
And though the meek shall inherit the earth but don't forget
The poor are the ones who inherit the debt
You can bet I got better things to do than that
I was a dick who got jerked by Tom and his boys
Came on my land, seized my cattle, and catalog
As if it wouldn't leave me less than coy
But I'm far from bitter even farther from quittin'
Got a grind date to make, no time for sittin'
And playin' xbox, stand up and exercise my rights
As of by seen of through masta's eye
You might also like
It's the grind date
Know what I'm sayin? I'm sick of askin' that
I mean, the street philosophy is that
I'm gonna milk the cow and cook the meat
The grind date
At least I'm gonna have some kind of food and drink
Because sometimes you can't come back
Like momma said that if you need 5 cents don't ask for 3
Ask for 10, that's for sure

Yo fuck a rhyme artist, I ain't here for that
I was born with the boom bap, respect the name
My hands on experience was hands on my first contract
Taught me quick how to respect the game
Introduced to the block, got used to the block
But your neighbors be the ones who throw shit on your lawn
It's like every single time we pop, they got annoyed
But we got ahead, and we got along
And puttin' work on the calendars, worse on them calendars
Worth of hump days that broke the camel's back
The grind'll make today look gray
And paint a tainted picture of tomorrows in enamel black
Meat grind, street grind, son whatever the beast
I'm a take it at the horns till the pinky toe torn
And show you why we here this long
Cause when it comes to puttin' in work
Once again it's on
I'm just like everybody else man
An average nigga with above average potential
You know what I mean? I'm not sayin' that I'm a gentleman
I'm sayin that I know how to act like a gentleman
In order to get the things that I need
And if I gotta pull out my nickle bag, I'm gonna do that
This ain't no accident, we stayin' here
You damn right I am proud of myself man
And I'm proud of my team man
I don't want you to get the wrong, yo baby on the real?
I don't have sex with people that I do business with neither
And that's the real
But I do do business with people that I have sex with
So if there ain't no conflict, let's get this grind on
Cause I'm gonna fuck the shit outta you, that's word2Embed
{*scratched: "ladies and gentlemen" - "here we go again"*}

No doubt, y'all care anymore, about this hip-hop man?
I mean, how far will you punk motherfuckers go
For 15 seconds of fame? Microwave popcorn-ass niggas
Yeah, we give you much more, longevity baby
Aiyyo Dave

Yo! It's been instilled in me since infinite y'all
Usin' these minutes like I value the call
Put your money in the bank, and hold rank
Over friends who ain't got leadership skills
I got the sheep in my eyes so I can't sleep
We like the, land and laid, the brand old way
Grand operate the scandal way, L.I. sheist
I play the X-Box instead of fuckin' with dice
I hate losin' to those who walk away with my dough
'Cause I goes, crazy broke man
And now she wanna see the resident provokin' me
To pop wheelies on my bicycle, watch her eyes twinkle
One house, two houses, third house
House rules so house take bank, watch Dave bank
Banner had 'em on the hawk since Atlanta extravaganza
Gamma ray rap, I make the Hulk snap
Jump back like James Brown, hey now
When the liquor over we smokin' the hay now
Delegatin' numero dos, I holla out the sound of Los
And keep the Island close to me
You might also like
Much more is what we got in store
Just believe me
"And what we have is much more than they can see"
Much more than they can see
Is how it'll always be, believe me (gotta believe)
"And what we have is much more than they can see"

I got verb skills, babies and bills, brothers who smoke krills
And still tryin' to get himself together from it
Knowin' he can't quite run it like me
I'm on the cutting edge of what's alleged to be, hot
And when you rock, it's just impersonations of me
The rightest MC, MP with the V in the middle
I belittle your plan, courtesy, of NY dirty C, my man
My base of fans are made up of many; with kids allergic
To belts lettin' they mind melt from drinkin' the Henny
And them straight and narrow types who be waitin' to hear
Them drums say the revolution is near - are you listening?
Are your eardrums open for christening?
We God Body MC's with these tools
While some others play God, they just God damn fools with it
I don't cuff mics, I rough mics up rough and rugged
Yet the girls still love it
Still and all five-oh came to my mic check
Tellin me I left lacerations around my mic's neck
Domestically disputed and you just might get
The undisputed underdog servin' y'all threat
Much more is what we got in store
Just believe me
"And what we have is much more than they can see"
Much more than they can see
Is how it'll always be, believe me (gotta believe)
"And what we have is much more than they can see"
Much more is what we got in store
Just believe me
"And what we have is much more than they can see"
Much more than they can see
Is how it'll always be, believe me (gotta believe)
"And what we have is much more than they can see"
Much more is what we got in store
Just believe me
"And what we have is much more than they can see"
Much more than they can see
Is how it'll always be, believe me (gotta believe)
"And what we have is much more than they can see"
Much more is what we got in store
Just believe me
"And what we have is much more than they can see"
Much more than they can see
Is how it'll always be, believe me (gotta believe)
"And what we have is much more than they can see"
"And what we have is much more than they can see
And what we have is much more than they can see"1Embed

Shopping bags, they weigh down her arms
Popping tags and collars her charm
All them things she got, she got from you
All them things she got, she got from you
Manolo and Prada's her style
Louis, Burberry by the pile
All them things she got, she got from you
All them things she got, she got from you

Yo, she know you come to do it, so what'cha want
Candlelight right back atcha
Put your credit card through it, she know what to flaunt
I handle tight like her master
She's the talk on the runway, yeah she's down the tree
The avenue like her catwalk
Struck a bit to the gunplay, that housing street
Looks to die for, ask that chalk man for yo' hand
Spend it, you live to show
All the cash that you can burn
What you need is to end it, 'cause you give the dough
But get no ass back in return (Ha, haha, ha)
Stay laughin', straight at you dawg
Best believe you wastin' time
Don't deny what's happenin', just clear the fog
And achieve you a peace line, yo it goes like
You might also like
Shopping bags, they weigh down her arm
Popping tags and collars her charm
All them things she got, she got from you
All them things she got, she got from you
She got from you, she, sh-she, she got it
She got from you, she, sh-sh, sh-she got it

Her frame goes beyond thick, she got you stunned
Living it up off the pop hits
Like a dame on a Bond flick, she's not the one
To give it up 'til you cop shit
Just because she's stacked right, she got your soul
Her every wish you now obey
You should be on that act-right but she got control
She say "Jump", you scream "Okay! I'm reloaded!"
Nigga, you shootin' blanks
Tryin' to front like you got game
Her crib is sugar coated like she lootin' banks
But it's your wallet she done claimed
When the limit of your plastic reaches the end
You start payin' for your time
She'll be in it for the last bit of money to spend
(Ha, haha, ha) And you'll be left with dimes
While she fillin' up
Shopping bags, they weigh down her arms
Popping tags and collars her charm
All them things she got, she got from you
All them things she got, she got from you
Manolo and Prada's her style
Louis, Burberry by the pile
All them things she got, she got from you
All them things she got, she got from you
She got from you, she, sh-she, she got it
She got from you, she, sh-sh, sh-she got it
{*ad libs and chickenheads to fade*}2Embed
I never can say goodbye
No, no, n-no I, never can say goodbye
I don't— I— I don't know the rest

We them pros, we never procrastinate (Ah)
Guardians who shouldn't let you get past the gate
Watch out, dawg, the watchdog's showin' his teeth
Guess you bit too much shit, they bitin' your beat
While I speak from experience, hunger and hurt
And a little bit of hate from niggas doin' me dirt
I just wash it all out with Tide and show love
To those who ride with me while I'm puttin' in work

Full-timin' it, eight-thirty to six, the graveyard shift
The three months before the benefits hit
But my position went temp to perm'
I sat and listened like an intern watchin' who applied get fired
Now I'm sittin' in the break room, they gotta make room (Make room)
My paper stacks, put staples through 'em
So I can keep my money together
Some die-hard fans just don't want it like, "Put Pos back on it"

I'm back on it, that's why you never disappointed
We give you what we live through for real (For real)
Don't own a crown, but I'm royalty
And tryin' to see the royalty checks about a half a mil'
Whether off or on the chart, my cuts grips your heart
You know we got you open like your gut splits apart
I never pass the buck, my shoulder holds the weights
So don't beef when we don't pass collection plates
You might also like
I don't give money, I don't support the needy
Schooled in America, taught to be greedy
And everything ought to be easy
But I never could say goodbye to my friends who get high
Wonder Why, I'm rockin' with that guy serious
Still make you cry when the satire's hilarious
Cold for your areas, flows come in various
Shapes and sizes, so hot that you despise it

Never last up to bat (No, no, no, no)
These skills, we don't lack (No, no, no, no)
We never fallin' prey (No, no, n-no, no)
Make all the ladies say (Ooh-ooh, baby)
You can't knock the hustle (No, no, no, no, not at all)
Can't be budged by your muscle (No, no, no, no)
Never ridin' on E (No, no, n-no, no)
It's De La and Butta V (Drive you crazy, yo)

If you are what you eat, some of you cats heads between
Your girl's legs a lot, 'cause y'all actin' sweet
Go brush your teeth, then after that
Put in a little more practice on your rhymin' attack
What you write's not the least bit hot
Maybe 'cause your wrist is so cold from all that ice you cop
Hate to hate a playa, but you know what?
I still smother ya like cheese and broccoli's freshly cut
And we the steak and potatoes and De La's the greatest
And ladies be on the floor thankin' the Lord that He made us
I'm tellin' you, I swoop her like a pelican do
You sayin', "Look at that pelican fly," you spittin' gelatin rhymes
They shaky as shit, ugly in the mold you fit
We the square peg on the round hole
Sound's soulful, your imitation flavor is tofu
It's true we make a better day and we are

The world of rap, take you back in the days
Of all four hundred ways that people lack
It's that (What?) authentic, big-nosed mic music
Fortified, survive all night to it
I'm tryin' to keep up with my Jones' and Thomas'
'Til I'm broke like them New Year's Eve promises
And that's alright, I just penned another sixteen
To fill my bank account with the mixed greens

Moms want fives and tens
The girls I got is nines and tens, VH1 "Behind The Pens"
You anticipate greatness from elder statesmen
I "ch-ch-ch-ch-ah" like Biz Mark' or Jason
I bust one shot just to start the racing
The tortoise and the hare, which one there is chasin'?
Slow and steady, we already Andretti
Get ticker tape parades, waves and confetti and
Never last up to bat (No, no, no, no)
These skills, we don't lack (No, no, no, no)
We never fallin' prey (No, no, n-no, no)
Make all the ladies say (Ooh-ooh, baby)
You can't knock the hustle (No, no, no, no)
Can't be budged by your muscle (No, no, no, no, not at all)
Never ridin' on E (No, no, n-no, no)
It's De La and Butta V (Drive you crazy c'mon, y'all)

If the Soul keeps rockin', the streets will keep rockin'
If the streets keep rockin', the Soul will keep rockin'
If the streets stop rockin', the Soul will keep rockin'
If the Soul keeps rockin', the streets will keep rockin'
If the Soul keeps rockin', the streets will keep rockin'
If the streets keep rockin', the Soul will keep rockin'
If the streets stop rockin', the Soul will keep rockin'
If the Soul keeps rockin', the streets will keep rockin'
If the Soul keeps rockin', the streets will keep rockin'
If the streets keep rockin', the Soul will keep rockin'
If the streets stop rockin', the Soul will keep rockin'
If the Soul keeps rockin', the streets will keep rockin'
If the Soul keeps rockin', the streets will keep rockin'
If the streets keep rockin', the Soul will keep rockin'
If the streets stop rockin', the Soul will keep rockin'
If the Soul keeps rockin', the streets will keep rockin'Embed

Up in them 5-star tellies saying two mic rhymes
Be them average MC's of the times
Unlike them, we craft gems
So systematically inclined to pen lines
Without saying the producer's name all over the track
Yeah I said it! What you need to do is get back
To reading credits, we them medics
Alphabetically stuck on that A grade shit
Now quit now before we pour
That sure shot pure rock cocaine flow

From the top of the key for three, villain
Been on in the game as long as he can wheelie a Schwinn
Turn the corner spinning, bust that ass and get up
Dust off the mask, whoever laugh give him a head up
He got jumped, it pumped his adrenaline
He said it made him tougher than a bump of raw medicine
To write all night long, the hourglass is still slow
Flow from Hellborn to free power like LILCo
And still owe bills, pay dues forever
Slay youths when it comes to who's more cleverer
Use to wore a leather goose V with a fur collar
And charged a fee for loose leaf words per dollar
Ya heard? Holler, broad or dude, we need food
Eat your teams for sure, the streets sure seem rude
For fam like the Partridges, pardon him for the mix-up
Battle for your Atari cartridges or put your kicks up
It's a stick up
You might also like
Now put your blix up, these Riddick Bowe cuts
Is swoll like penile flicks, give 'em 20
The danger in his eyes'll let you know he's a brawler
Bring your tallest champs like that much taller (Taller)
Ten pounds heavier, one step ahead of it
Vocab, stamina, style's all irrelevant
Camps and cliques, units, squad crews and clans
Even your tongues'll fuck around and lose your mouth

DOOM brung that bum, there goes that news van again
Act like you knew like Toucan Sam and 'em
He eat rappers like part of a complete breakfast
Their rhymes ain't worth the weight of they cheap necklace
String 'em up, ring 'em up under whack junk snack
And get that out your hand, punk, jump and get your dunk smacked
Foul, we all know the rules, bro
You slow, you blow the soup on you fools, his own Boss like Hugo

You go lights, camera, action with no makeup
We De La to the death or at least until we break up
Here's a couple of nice guys who finished first
So nice try, but the prize is ours dispersed
They say the good die young, so I added some
Badass to my flavor to prolong my life over the drum
Everyone cools off from being hot
It's about if you can handle being cold or not
And we was told to hop on no one's dick by Prince Paul
We stayed original ever since y'all
First to do a lot of things in the game but the last to say it
No need to place it on a scale to weigh it
And don't do it for the praise or to raise the bar
Yet it's raised anyway, it's so amazing, are
The three L.I. brothers from the other way of thinking
Hey your lady's winking, I think you need to control that
Or I'll have to hold that
The elements are airborne, I smell the success
(Yo let's cookie cut the shit and get the gingerbread, man)
Sacrifice mics and push drugs to these rappers
Puff ponies 'til I turn blue in the lips
Sipping broads like 7-Up (Ahh) so refreshing
I finger-pop these verses like first dates
The birthdate's September 2-1, 1-9, 6-8
Too old to rhyme, too bad, too late25Embed
Yeah, yeah-yeah
Oh, oh-woah

It's like, New York without the New York Yanks
Better yet, New York without the New York franks
It's like hot summers without no AC
Or never hitting numbers when you go to AC
It's like six years of your life, go ask Rob
I'm like, "Yo, how is it?" he like, "It's like hard"
Trying for that queen, but you nothing but a man
You wanna keep it clean but you can't
Why it gotta be (Be) like (Like) that? (That)
And what the life, see life is like a J shot, shoot it, son, they got
One point one second, you half court
I'm feeling the adrenaline like you half-caught
Like pink slips and dipping these ink tips to paper
Imagine if we fuck around and lose hip-hop
Imagine if it didn't exist
Imagine nothing shining your wrist
See, imagining to you is a risk
But think about it, like no chrome rims
And Timbs would be construction boots (Ill)
We probably wouldn't even substitute (Ill)
For words we use defining our likes
I'm coal mining these mics
To keep that gold nugget like Dave Meggett
Giant like a motherfucker, like Dave said it
But y'all ain't listening, ya paper gon' stack
Why it gotta be like that? That (That)
You might also like
Just running, running fast as I can
I'm trying to be a person, but I gotta be the man
If I can't stand the life that I'm in
I gotta keep running 'cause I'm still gon' win
Yes, I got to go on
It's like that, it's like that, woah
Yes, I got to go on
It's like that, it's like that

It's like Slick Rick without the eye patch
More like, saying slick shit you won't catch
It's like bed time without your PJs
Or no fed time in out the PJs
Like, one minute you got it, then you broke
Like, what I do with it? I copped a few with it
Looking like a problem, but you won't get it solved
You working, but you won't get the job
It's like, who would of thought (Thought)
If you would've bought (Bought)
Into my religion, you'd be more like God
But you were steady swimming, so you more like cod
See, these fools is fish scale, converting to Ishmael
See, I see it like, A alike, B alike
I was taught, if you play alike, be alike
Hide and go seek if you want to go pop
And this is how you treat hip-hop?
Imagine if you didn't have that Phantom chrome sitting on a curb, nigga
The word "nigga" wouldn't be a bit disturbing, nigga
See, them roots are like begging for the rain
You entering my kingdom just a begging for the reign
Putting shit stain to paper, ink pain feeling like
Fifty-five licks on a slave nigga's back
And not a one of y'all stopping to help (Nah)
But why it gotta be like that? (Why?) That (That)
That, that, that, that (It's like that, it's like that)
That, that, that, that (It's like that, it's like that)

Just running, running fast as I can
I'm trying to be a person, but I gotta be the man
If I can't stand the life that I'm in
I gotta keep running 'cause I'm still gon' win
Yes, I got to go on
It's like that, it's like that, woah
Yes, I got to go on
It's like that, it's like that
Just running, running fast as I can
I'm trying to be a person, but I gotta be the man
If I can't stand the life that I'm in
I gotta keep running 'cause I'm still gon' win
Yes, I got to go on
It's like that, it's like that, woah
Yes, I got to go on
It's like that, it's like that

Yeah, oh, yeah
Oh, it's like that, it's like that
Yeah, it's like that, it's like that
Woah-oh-oh, oh-oh-oh
Yeah
And De La, I got the soul, yeah, huh
Say why can't I pay my bills? Yeah
It's like that, it's like that, it's like thatEmbed
This is dedicated to all those hardcore acts
Yeah, you know them brothers that we used to look up to that fell the fuck off
And now, they doing all that R&B sh– (crocker!)
You mean Rhythm and Blues?
No! Rap and Bullsh...

Connection A, click, what?
My dick, chick
I smack a fish if you thinks
My connection ain't thick, dick
Headed like a punk whip
I travel miles with a rhythmic limp
I rock an Afro
In '83, gee, yo
And spray the sheen so I get a Soul Glow
I play the corner tough
And me and Mase pull puffs on a blunt

Givin' high-five is what I want
So I puff a blunt, I don't front
I get spliffed, get a stiff
Then I go hump a stunt
Like a pimp pro
(Nah, man, a super ho)
That's cool cause I'm still an Afro, bro
Yeah, I'm live for my life is hectic
Every hour, every minute, every second
I keep a level head and stay down to earth
Cause I've been an Afro since birth
You might also like
Yeah
Now I hold my crotch cause I'm top-notch
I run 'em up like Sasquatch, and I like to eat live crab
I've got five beepers, you scab
But you can find me directly on the Ave
(You niggas cheat me, well who's that!)
My breath never smells wack
I eat the watermelon Tic-Tac
Before I kiss myself, I always jump back
(Yo, gee, this track is stack)
(And you know that)

I do three flips
When a punk flip on my duke lifts
But I flex more strength when I'm asleep
On the other side with his main tapes
Make her dry her face, buy her gold earlocks
But I may, she flocks round me like a donut
She got sprinkles but I bite my way out
More brothers come about, try to scheme slick
But the Native Tongue's thick
Lick 'em real good, like a real hood should
But the fly tape let the car speakers shake
I ran a cop down, I smile a frown with a but
Show gold teeth, cause I ain't a vegetarian
Not scared of beef, sport a feather like Chief
Got a scribble pad, you can get these gonads
Cause I'm big-willed, won't arf like a seal
Cause connection with the Afro is real
I be the gift of gab, but be a bro with a diss
Because it's tough to bluff a cab
No wonder Melle Mel is 'Rah!'
I play a tape of the son of La-Di-Da
My cousin Rilo sells blow, a G a day
Keeps his kids hooray, a size nine and half
I kicks my tricks, is to live for Island
I mug a mug vic, but I's cool, I self
With the quickness, I talk the true slang
Show no pit to those who don't understand

The Maseo got tailed with the big bail
I busted loose but now the blue goose is on my tail
I seen the ghetto go lower than it is
(He don't care, cause his nigga's selling crack to the kids)
My jeans are brand new, with twelve more
In the closet with my silk, and velour
My 45 pack thick, draw quick
If a nigga starts some shibidibidit
My crib is uptown, downtown, L.I
And another crib in Queens
I munch some cornbread, Boar's Head
My favorite pork chops and
A plate of collard greens
I chill with Shymel, Akeem, Jaheed
And the Rastafarians'll be the crown in
And the Poppa
But the connections are still a high-five
(Let's get busy)Embed
Yo man let me make some Cap'n Crunch
Man alright
Yo man we have any milk?
Yeah, what time is it?
I don't know, what day is it?
Don't know, well I'll tell you
Well it was a Wednesday
Me and Boss Hog was kinda hungry
Like two eggs, and a sloppy slice of lettuce
And a glass of milk and some cookies
Spotted in the midst was a BK logo
What we said - well what do you know
This chick thought I was trying to play fly
Cause I had a pair of blue jeans on
Young girl, won't you take my order?
She said, "Yeah, but right now I'm sorta busy...
So don't you see I'm trying to put this band aid on my finger?"
Lingering, I could tell
She's a B-K mademoiselle
Wrinkled uniform and bottom bell
And some Jelly stuff on her sleeve
Look to this cause I had no name tag on my collar
Could be pissed cause she's clocking 2.45 an hour
And then Boss Hog holler
"Girl you better make this quick!"
She said, "I ain't your girl and I ain't your chick!"
I had an idea of lickity split
Took my hat off and that was it
Dreadlocks falling all over me and then I said
"Yeah now we'll see!"
And o' with quick velocity honey was mesmerized
"Ain't you that guy?"
"Ain't you that girl!"
"De La Soul, right?"
"No Tracy Chapman!"
"Why don't you come over to the counter and write me out an autograph?"
Ha ha ha, I had to laugh
She was quick with the Bic just to get that autograph
But me and Hogg just laughed, and laughed
"What's the name of that song you sing?"
"Living in a fast car", I said
Forget about the order I made
I'll go get a slice of pizza instead
You might also likeBitties in the BK lounge, All they do is beg and they scrounge
Bitties in the BK lounge (2x)
(Super bitches!)

Rosita: What's taking him so long, Shushawna?
Shushawna: Yo, I don't know, Rosita, cuz I been waiting out here too long!
Bitty 3: And for a cheeseburger? He's too busy looking at these girls
Rosita: And he's supposed to be the manager!
Shushawna: The manager?? Hello, excuse me? Yo, would you take my order?? Whassup?? Yo
Shushawna, Rosita, Bitty 3: EXCUSE ME??

Shushawna: Excuse me, would you take my order, I have to go
Shushawna's got a real job, dag don't you know!
Posdnuos: Oh yeah it's you, now I recognize (Yeah, whassup?)
The real real bitty with the fake fake eyes 
Yo, can I interest you in some burgers and fries?
Shushawna: Yes you can, but you can keep your lies
Cause you know you can't diss me
But your pissing me off (What are you talkin bout?)
I know where you live and I know that you're soft (Yeah right)
You're as booty as they come 
And you dress like a geek
My shoes cost more than you make in two weeks
Posdnuos: Look, you don't have to play fly in here (I'm not trying to play fly...)
Yo, I can tell you're fly by the weave that you wear! 
But you must be aware that a fly can be swatted by a BK tray
By the way yo, here's yours
Shushawna: I know you're just sweating me so baby kill the noise (Sweatin' you? You buggin)
With your polyester pants and they're also highwaters (yeah right)
Look at what you do all day but take orders
You bowtie wearing, (yeah?) clocking and staring (YEAH!?)
I know you're just upset because you can't get the rap
I think you better chill before my man give you a slap (don't even try it)
Posdnuos: Yeah, I know your man, the biggest punk in school (Punk!?)
Selling devil rock to the fiends and the fools! (He makin' money)
With one hand that punk I could snap (uh huh) the kid is so skinny!
Shushawna: But you be livin' fat!
Posdnuos: Speaking of fat, would you like a diet soda? ('Scuse me?)
Cause less fat on you would spare us all the odor
Or better yet pour it down your pants and let the acid kill
The smell that should have been left to Massengill (Mistakin' me for your mother?)
Let me make you a deal, take the soda free and jet
I got too much family to heed your threats
Shushawna: Are you a family man? 
Well I shouldn't be surprised
Since your sister's flipping burgers and your mother's frying fries
(Don't even try that sh--!)
Shushawna: Oh damn look! 
Here comes one more
It's your father he just finished mopping the floor (Yeah right)
Now give them a hand, its the BK clan
So you can't talk garbage about who I am
Posdnuos: Well... (Well what?)  aren't we living foul? (Yes we are)
Speaking of foul how bout some chicken for the cow? (Your motha)
Oops I meant you, sorry for the mix up
But your stomach's always big due to sexual slip ups! (That's your sista)
Shushawna: I could buy you and sell you for pennies, young man!
{you better!}​​​​​​​
I think there's something you should understand
I try to be nice and help the poor make money
And since I know you need it, I'll go elsewhere dummy! (Yeah, OK)
Now BK workers is too damn rude (SEE YA!)
I think I'll go get me some Chinese food
Posdnuos: And with your wrinkled pussy, I can't be your lover!

Maseo: Eh ha-ha, eh ha-ha, eh ha-ha
Eh ha-ha, eh ha-ha, eh ha-ha
Eh ha-ha, eh ha-ha, eh ha-ha
Eh ha-ha, eh ha-ha, eh ha-ha-hah
Bitties: Maseo, what goes on? Maseo, what goes on?
Maseo:  I don't know
Bitties:  Maseo, what goes on? Maseo, what goes on?
Maseo: I don't know
Bitties: Maseo, what goes on? Maseo, what goes on?
Maseo: I don't know
Bitties: Maseo, what goes on?
Maseo: I don't know, but check me on out
Bitties, y'all be flippin
Bitties: Uh uh, ya buggin
Maseo: Bitties y'all be flippin
Bitties: Uh uh, ya buggin
Maseo: Ask for a burger, catch an attitude
The taste is worse, come off extremely rude
But when I snap back, you're tamperin my FOOOOOD!
Bitties: Uh uh, ya buggin
Maseo: Bitties y'all be flippin
Bitties: Uh uh, ya buggin
Maseo: Bitties y'all be flippin..
Honey, your hair really looks a bore
A fool of a hat, not mine's for sure
Forget the burgers, I'll go open up a donut store
Eh ha-ha-ha-hahEmbed
Ha ha! Ah yeah! Got it going on like a big old fat high hard-on!
(Hooo-weee!)
Black Sheep in the house, sweet daddy Mr. Lawnge in the
House, my man Andres in the house, you know what I'm sayin'
Huey Love in the house, long Posdnuos, Dove, Prince Paul, the
Immigrant Lucien in the house. The house Dreddy Bear, ha, Mike G!

Come on everybody let's baseball
Come on everybody do the baseball
Come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on everybody let's baseball
Come on everybody let's baseball
Come on everybody do the baseball
Come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on everybody let's baseball

Got it goin' on. Swing it over here! Ochay, ochay, ochay
We gonna swing it over here, swing it over there. We gonna do the
Baseball. Ha ha ha!
(Three feet)

A Nubian sprocket is the one
Plug One, cut the cap
Forward is the marcher of the chant
To the clan, unless you slept
Willy to the Wonka of the feast
Smoke your blunt, but close your drapes
If we get fined by police
Don't worry, yo, I got the papes
Toxic is the talk that I tell
Tell the tales from the lady who's fat
Prince made the dope beat with no Bo Peeps
(And you can't beat that with a baseball bat)
You might also like
Come on everybody let's baseball
Come on everybody do the baseball
Come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on everybody let's baseball
Come on everybody let's baseball
Come on everybody do the baseball
Come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on everybody let's baseball

Swing is the is of my step
Plug Two, groove a gut
On gets by when it's kept
Three miles to my strut
Forgiveness to the foes is false
I cook goose and serve a plate
Position as opposed to a loss
No cost, no relate
Brother got a badge of his own
Because the link of the life is slack
This licks 'em down to the Tootsie Pop
(And you can't beat that with a baseball bat)

Come on everybody let's baseball
Come on everybody do the baseball
Come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on everybody let's baseball
Come on everybody let's baseball
Come on everybody do the baseball
Come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on everybody let's baseball
Move over just a bit to the right of me
For I cannot see where the booty is
I sit, I'm looking out a foggy window
Crack it just a bit, yo this is showbiz?
It's as though a pound goes around and around
So I give a pound then I do the step
Dres will be with Boca on the side
Can I crack a smile for those who slept
Phonetics and kinetics persevere therefore I kick it
I took the L.I.R.R. but I did not have a ticket
Had some Chinese food but I didn't have a spoon
I had a dope rhyme but I didn't have it soon
I'm looking out the window day is filled with rain and gloom
Man oh man oh man I hope I find my spoon soon
Eatin' on some sushi cause I know it ain't cat
(And you can't beat that with a baseball bat)

Come on everybody let's baseball
Come on everybody do the baseball
Come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on everybody let's baseball
Come on everybody let's baseball
Come on everybody do the baseball
Come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on everybody let's baseball
(Rrrr-RAH!)
Yo this is Plug One and I'm saying peace to Lorraine in Holland
Thanks for not having my baby, peace
This is Dres. Danica, Boston. My first tight cushion, love you
Mista Lawnge: Yo this is the Sugar Dick Daddy, I'd like to say peace
To my father, Bombed Out Brother
This is Baby Huey Plug Three, and I'd like to say peace to
That mother a-ahem who stole my Pathfinder in front of the studio
Peace!
Yo what's up, this is Prince Paul, I'd like to say what's up
To all the doo doo eaters and all the Kelvin Mercer look-alikes, and
I'm out
(God damn!)
(Have a ball!)1Embed
"You out there? Louder!
Well clap your hands to what he's doing
On tempo Jack"

NYC gave you the ball, so how you gonna hate us?
We creators of them East coast stars
If you ask me I'll tell you there's no comp
But I'm still humble, even though I will crumble halls
Some call 'em songs, I call 'em words from me
That take long to cook
So some feel free in sayin' that we don't hunger for beats
Not that we not hungry, just picky in what we eat
Keep food off the mind and keep weight off the body
All you gotta do is keep my name out your mouth
And stop frownin' like you hostile
You know that it's a booger rubbin' up against your nostril
Nigga, how you figure you can play this rap game without the backbone?
It's Maseo, Dave, Wonder Why, givin' what you lack holmes

Ayo prepare yo'self for the Neutron, bitch!
This is '86, let that neo-rap go
We present these flares to put fire to your ears
To lay smoke like rusty exhaust pipes
We run mics, let Sean run the marathon
Yo raise that money son, we raisin these kids
Get claps when curtains close, stage left
Up your stamina baby, bring some breath
SAT book smart, part 'ese
Loc'in like Tone, street niggas get grown
Acquire more couth before you get poofed
Or get some shells sent over to your mic booth
Excuse, my delivery, but when peace don't work
See this piece gon' work, cock aim and SHOOT!
It's my constitutional right to bear arms
Arms and bare hands on mics, make fans unite
Woodstock and white folks involved
Black man get on yo' job!
You might also like
"Well clap your hands to what he's doing
On tempo Jack"

Let's go beat for beat, and rhymes for rhymes
(Put, all, the things aside)
Just bring your beats, and bring your rhymes
(Put, all, the things aside)
Let's go beat for beat, and rhymes for rhymes
(Put, all, the things aside)
Just bring your beats, and bring your rhymes
(Put, all, the things aside)

The heavyweight L.I. brother with no date, of expiration
On this fate on the mic, them birthday keep comin'
I'm hated on by niggas I love most
So what threat could you possibly pose when I'm on your coast?
So raise your guns or your glasses
Either way there'll be a toast in the air
Markin' the return of bare minimums you need to learn
Get your verbs right when you down to clap

See that gun powder calibre rap'll tip hats like gentlemen do
Smash tenements and skyscrapers
Bow-tie papers stacked high
Pay the resident tax or get your street sweeped
Front row, backstage or the cheap seats
I +Dodge+ richochets like +Ram+ trucks, you slow poke to pull it
And I sup-pose you wanna top the Billboard chart
Man I toast these rhymes and then pop like Pop-Tarts
Let's go beat for beat, and rhymes for rhymes
(Put, all, the things aside)
Just bring your beats, and bring your rhymes
(Put, all, the things aside)
Let's go beat for beat, and rhymes for rhymes
(Put, all, the things aside)
Just bring your beats, and bring your rhymes
(Put, all, the things aside)

"Well clap your hands to what he's doing"1Embed
(Hey)
POS AND ANN ROBERTS:
Hey Love
Talkin' bout Hey Love
Wanna be your push and shove
Pop, popcorn up above
Move me like Soul when I say
Go to a club around the way
And see my Hey DJ
And make him play Hey Love
Discover all the football teams
Mack and eat jelly beans
Run in the cold with no jeans
Get yourself sick till we're seen
Catch the flu and make tea
How Dan Stuckie life will be
It's all about you and me
Cause you're my Hey Love
(Hey)
Move me like Soul when I say
Go to a club around the way
And see my Hey DJ
And make him play Hey Love
(Hey)
You might also likeTESHA STILLS: Look Pos, we gotta talk
POS: Talk about what?
TESHA: Don't play stupid with me, you know what we gotta talk about
POS: What?
TESHA: About you becoming fully dedicated
POS: So we're about to go through these line-runs again, huh?
TESHA: You're damn right. I wanna know whatever you do for me has anything to do with love
POS: Look, I come all the way from L.I. to the Bronx to see you, isn't that showing you love?
TESHA: You see that's just it Pos, I don't wanna be just your Bronx
Love, I wanna be your Hey Love
POS: You wanna be my what?
TESHA: I said I wanna be your Hey Love. I mean it's just not the mood being one of the many girls on your list, and you wouldn't be dissing me like this if I was your Hey Love
POS: Look, I do everything I can to treat you like a rose
TESHA: Yeah but you even give better treatment to that girl named Selena from uptown like a Daisy. You even
Gave her some of your special donuts for free
POS: So this is what this is all about, huh? Donuts
TESHA: No, Pos, can't you hear the music, it's all about Hey Love
POS: Look I don't understand why you're dissing me, it's not like I'm Paul, I don't have two kids in every state
TESHA: But you probably got two girls in every state. If you're not
Going to go about it the way I want you to, then just leave, cause I can't be so bothered
POS: Yeah. (mumbled)
(I can't be your lover)
(Where's that voice coming from? From... from nowhere?)1Embed
Standing on the corner building. Seen the path
Looking at the corner streetlight, walking, and
Waiting for my brother to come over and then
Someone tapped me on my shoulder. 180 degrees I
Did. Oh my... what? Oh oh!
I didn't hesitate so I ran and I ran and I ran
And I ran and I tried to catch a cab
(Cab driver, fuck you)
I ran into an abandoned building, I heard big
Heavy breathing on my back I turned 180 degrees
Again and oh oh! Oh my God!
Oh, I dashed and I dashed and I dashed and I
Skipped into the BK lounge. I asked the lady if
I could get a Whopper. She was facing... she was
Facing toward the back. She turned around...
She stated: (Can I take your order?) Oh Chrissie!
Once again, I dashed and I dashed and I dashed
To my pad. The phone started ringing, but
Luckily my answering machine was on and with
The quickness...
(Hey, how ya doing, sorry you can't get through)
Yeah, saved by the ha ha ha. I went into the
Shower. Oh my... I heard the holler... I turned
The water on and she was screaming... who could
It be? What did she want from me? What did she
Want from me? What did she want from me? She
Was screaming and screaming and she had the tape
In her hand. But I knew what she wanted. I knew
What she wanted. I knew what she wanted
(Please listen to my demo)
(Mumbled: And wit your wrinkled pussy)
(I can't be your lover)You might also likeEmbed
"Ooh ah, ooh ah, ooh ah, ooh ah"
"Ooh weee, sho' lookin' fine"
"Ooh weee, sho' lookin' fine"
"Let, let me in"

I got good news, I got eye witness
Good news, I got eye witness
Due in a hip lift, dead into my phenomenon
Dazed with the quickness
Sweat, one sweat, two sweat, three
Motions, what motions? What could it be?
She, she (watchin' you) who, me?
Hon, Velveeta got your cut
(Ain't no lockin' up now)
Give the symmetrics to your bottom
(Ain't no lockin' up)
Shake less of that Catholic cool
Push panic, the button, and freeze
A's for Amen, J's for the Jenifa
Oh Jennys, oh please oh please
(Oh please oh please)

Let, let me in, let, let me in
Let, let me in, let, let me in
Let, let me in, let, let me in
Let, let me in, let, let me in
You might also like
Force it like a motion, let me in to that
Flower power child, let me in to that
Let me sew your panic button, let me in to that
I got the semen headlocked, you won't get fat
Just lay, lay back, way, way, way
The oops up, it's a clear Saturday
We're selling my all-expense July paid
By the way, what's your name?
Just kidding, I know it's Renee
No, it isn't? Word, word, well check it out
Check, check it out
I got my my mind made up, come on, get it
Take a test, child
And get with this Pos position
From beginning to the Huckleberry Fin
If I was to yodel, would you let me in?

Let, let me in, let, let me in
Let, let me in, let, let me in
Let, let me in, let, let me in

Pos got the skyrocket in his jeans
Would you let me in if I was to sing
Like a hookey-non-stop-reggae-roots-rasta-king
Jimmy done starburst, know what I mean
Jimmy done burst, gotta come clean
Yo, Maseo, blow this scene
Dip, dip, di, you're making me cry
With that onion between your thighs
Come give me some of that brown sugar
So the sweets can make me active
If I said you were attractive
May I supplement with an additive?
Hey, hooker let me hook you with my reel
Take you to the crib, cook up a real meal
Skip the meal and walk this way
(Hey, hey, hey)
Come on into my room, here we go
Here we here we here we go
(Boom!) Did you feel the bed break?
(Boom!) Did you feel the floor shake?
(Boom!) Did you feel the earth quake?
(Boom!) Now, quick, do you wanna take a break?

Let, let me in, let, let me in
Let, let me in, let, let me in
Let, let me in, let, let me in
Let, let me in, let, let me in

(What's this?)
(What?)
(In your pocket, that bulge?)
(Hey, hey, hey!)
(Harry, let me see it)
(Jumping jehosaphat!)
(Quaggin', quakin' and shakin')
(And that's no fakin')
(Let me see the gun, Harry, I want to see if it's been fired)
(Why are you complaining? I've always given you a piece of the action)
(So he huffed and he puffed and he huffed and he puffed
And at last he blew the house in)1Embed
In no way are we trying to disrespect any sort of house or club music, but we're just glad that we're not doing it
(I can't be your lover)
And if we were, this is how it would go:
(I can't)

Kicked out the house, you got
Kicked out the house, hip-house
Kicked out the house for good
(I can't)
Kicked out the house, you got
Kicked out the house, hip-house
Kicked out the house for good
(I can't be your lover)

(With your wrinkled pussy)
(I can't be your lover)
(With your wrinkled oh, oh oh)
(I can't be your lover)
(With your wrinkled pussy)
(I can't be your lover)
(With your wrinkled oh, oh oh)
(I can't be your lover)
You might also like(P-p-p-p-p-p-p-p-put it on vibrate!)
(P-p-p-p-put it on vibrate!)
(Put it—Put it—Put it on vibrate!)
(P-p-p-p-p-p-put it on vibrate!)
(P-p-put it on vibrate!)
(P-p-put it on vibrate!)
Kicked out the house, you got
Kicked out the house, hip-house
Kicked out the house for good
You got, you got, kicked out of this house, baby
For good
(I can't I can't I can't be your lover)
(Put it on vibrate!)
(Put it on vibrate!)Embed
(This time, put it in mellow)
Uh, here we go again

Pass the peas like they used to say
Pass the peas like they used to say
Pass the peas like they used to say
Pass the peas like they used to say (ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha)

First P is passed, I am known as
Posdnuos, Plug One to the whole race
Rhyme on a tour, smart and mature
Dispatch obscure things with a mad face
Tall dark and lean, was once nineteen
Now I'm one year older with reason
Clean thoughts and drawers, rhyme flow never stalls
The "yes yes yes y'all"s are in this season
The Soul reached high plains, we didn't reach Soul Train
But Don don't like rap, so that won't happen
Fame we don't lust, God we do trust
Arsenio dissed us, but the crowd kept clapping
Blessed with soul's lights, so turn off your brights
Overexposure will bring about a clear soul
Don't push, but pile for this here new style
And excuse me y'all while I fill my potholes
You might also likePass the peas like they used to say
Pass the peas like they used to say
Pass the peas like they used to say (oh yeah)
Pass the peas like they used to say (ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha)

Passed off second, true I reckon
Head full of dreds, but knowledge inside
Singin' on records, making it hectic
Wishing it all would fall and die
Radio works it, public consumes it
Tommy Boy wants another "Say No," huh
Rough and rugged, it's not a new twist
Been Trugoy since the first get-go
Here's the daisy, watching it die, see?
Native is the new like Balance is the shoe
Paul makes a mil like dill makes pickles
Plus is to add like addin to the crew is
Pimps promote us, RMs work us
MPs watch us close in focus
Watch me steppin', now I'm dancing
Then disappear with a hocus pocus

Pass the peas like they used to say
Pass the peas like they used to say
Pass the peas like they used to say
Pass the peas like they used to say (ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha)
(People in the place this is very hard to conceal)
(Pos get funky)
(Check it out)
(People in the place this is very hard to conceal)
(Dove get funky)
(Check it out)
(People in the place this is very hard to conceal)
(Mase get funky)
(Check it out)
(People in the place this is very hard to conceal)
(Prince Paul get funky) (ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha)
(ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha)

Pass the peas like they used to say
Pass the peas like they used to say (yeah)
Pass the peas like they used to say (mmm)
Pass the peas like they used to say (ha ha ha, ha ha ha ha)

Fourth P is passed, I am known as
(Prince Paul) Yeah thanks, Mase
Applied like chapsticks, the songs are slapsticks
Skeezoids with polaroids gives me such a chase
Trife or not trife, don't own a wife
Yet I'm down and around for a good kiss
I got a 40 of Pepsi, a girl in Bed-Stuy
And I'll end it like this!
(Will rise, not fall)
(Definition: Prince Paul)
(Our Mentor, don't be sore)
(When I say that's all)Embed
THE DOO DOO MAN:
How y'all feelin' out there! You're listening to the Rap De Rap show
And I'm the Doo Doo Man playing all the slammin' rap tunes for all
You Mack Daddies and Mackettes, so hold tight for a one hour rap sweep
On WRMS. Who's the Doo Doo Man?
(You're the Doo Doo Man!)
Who's the Doo Doo Man?
(You're the Doo Doo Man!)
MIKE:
Yeah, ha ha ha. You're listening to MC Rocco Ribs and the BBQ Crew
And when we're not boning that pork, we're in New York listening to
The Rap De Rap Show on WRMS!
KIM CARTER:
Y-y-y-y-yo, this is Kim KC and I'm chillin' with the Suckweed Posse
And when I'm not home making a hamhock sandwich, I'm listening to
Rap De Rap Show on WRMS. You ravioli heads, we outta here. Ooh ooh
Ooh, the Doo Doo Man!
Q-TIP:
Yo, yo, what's up, 's up, this is Q-Q-Tip-Tip from a Tribe Tribe
Called Quest Quest Quest, I'm listening to the Doo Doo Man on
WRMS-S-S-S and I'm out!
You might also likeMASE:
Yo, my name is MC No Shame, and when I ain't getting busted in bed
With your mama, or sellin' crack to the kids at Amityville High
School, hey I'm listening to my man, the Doo Doo Man, on WRMS, peace!
DE LA SOUL:
This this this this is De La Soul, Pos Love
This is Dove Love
Mase Love
And when we're not here we're where?
WRMS y'all, with who? The Doo Doo Man!
DIVINE STYLER:
Yo, peace, this is the D-I-V-Ine Styler-Ine, and all come inside
Divine, I'm listenig to my man, the Doo Doo Man, on WRMS. I am outta
Here, ha ha ha!
BOBBY SIMMONS:
Yo what's up my name is Colonel Bobby, I'm listening to the Doo Doo
Man on WRMS... yo, and I'm outta here, peace
JUNGLE BROTHERS:
Ha, yo, ha ha, the JB's! JB's in the house! Jungle Brothers, word up
On WRMS, Rap De Rap, my man! Like roaches lickin' soup. Doo Doo
Man! Checkin' out the Doo Doo Man
(You got the cooties)
PAUL:
Yo, this is Prince Paul, when I'm not brushing my teeth with DiDi 7 or
Boosting my memory or purchasing real estate tapes, I'm listening
To my stromie, my homie, the Doo Doo Man on WRMS! Rrr-RRAH!
POPMASTER HIGHT:
Hey hey hey Paul, I got a job for ya. You know that guy Rufus? That
Mouli? Freakin' lick himEmbed
POS:
This song does not contain explicit lyrics, but what it does contain
Is an undesired element. This element is known as the basehead: the lowest of lowest of all elements that exist. And the sad thing is
This particular element... is me brudda!
Brother, brother oh brother of mine
We used to be down as partners in crime
From our parents your name was forged
I was the Beaver, you Curious George
Wanted to dispose of this and that
But curiosity had killed the cat
At this age no wonder it was read
But this was the fate that you were fed
Throughout high school our minds we'd waste
High off all the cheeba that we could taste
Soon you had converted to nasal sports
Every five minutes cocaine you'd snort
Told me that you needed a stronger fix
Stepped to the crack scene in '86
Unlike the other drugs where you had control
This substance had engulfed your body and soul
Now from me you lost dumb respect
Said you need to put that shit in check
Wanted me to believe that you had tried
But your mind and the craving didn't coincide
Said there was a voice inside you that talked
That said you shouldn't stop but continue to walk
Now the brother who could handle any drug
Had just found the one that could pull his Plug
You might also like(Background:)
(Ya don't stop, ya don't, ya don't stop)
(Ya don't stop, the body rock)
DOVE:
"Yo, bro, got another rock for your hiking boots"
"Gonna make you scream and loop three loops"
"Gonna take you far on a freeway, okay"
Remember that day? Slipped me a smile for a 20 crack vial
Guess what? Time to collect, correct
Don't have a dime? It's payback time, payback time
"Don't cry the blues cause I got bad news"
"Should I stab ya? Should I bite ya? Should I use my tools?"
No, I got another way to earn my defeat, ah!
(Slam the child on the hard concrete)
(Make the bass come out so clear)
POS:
Brother, brother, stupid brother of mine
Started getting high at the age of nine
Now at twenty-one you're lower than low
Nowhere to turn, nowhere to go
My dividends and wares started to disappear
Where it ended up, I had an idea
Barking you with the quickness, reversed intent
Instead went to Pop and gave him the print
Now Pop grew tired of being a mouse
Finally told you to get the hell outta the house
From there a mother figure came into play
Claimed for you she saw a better day
Now Mom was a product of Christ's rebirth
Thought the only chance was to go to church
Quitting this stuff you had tried before
This time you claimed you'd really score
Something I had to see to believe
Put on my suit and to church I weaved
PREACHER (Squirrel):
My, my, my. What happened to the people? The people who used to care
About what took place in the world today? I've been summoned here
Today to reach the people who still can be reached, to save the people
Who still can be saved. Can I get an Amen? Can I get an Amen?
Hit me! Forgive us. Said it's taking over. Taking over the world. All
It's doing is taking over. Where them crackers at? Them crackers that
They serve, where they at?
DOVE AND MIKEY ROADS (In background as choir):
Said evil's taking over
Said evil's taking over
Said evil's taking over, evil's taking over
The Lord's gonna forgive us, the Lord's gonna forgive us, Lord
Said the Lord's gonna forgive us
The Lord's gonna forgive us
POS:
Bullshit, didn't believe a lick
Knew this fool too well for that to stick
Instead I gave you benefit of the doubt
Wanted to see if you would work it out
First you reach your front of calm
Walked round by rehearsing psalms
Then you smiled with the funky frown
What do you know, the voice is back in town
Mom would say it would soon go away
You and I knew it was here to stay
But the man helped you when you helped yourself
That meant going to rehab for your health
Finally it went and blew your cork
Heard you moved to the comfortable streets of New York
And when my friends see me and come and ask

Hey, how you doin'? Sorry you can't get through
Why don't you leave your name and your number and I'll get back to you?
Hey, how are you doin'? Sorry you can't get through
Why don't you leave your name and your number and I'll get back to you?

Once again, it's another rap bandit
Fiending at I and I can't stand it
Wanna be down with the Day-Glo
Knockin' on my door, sayin', "Ayo, yo"
Knockin' on my door, sayin', "Ayo, yo"
"I got a funky new tune with a fly banjo"
I can't understand what the problem is
I find it hard enough dealing with my own biz
How'd they get my name and number?
Then I stop and think and wonder
'Bout a plan, yo, man, I gotta step out town
You wanna call me up? Take my number down
It's 222-2222
I got an answering machine that can talk to you
It goes
You might also like
Hey, how you doin'? Sorry you can't get through
But leave your name and your number and I'll get back to you

Yo, check it, exit the old style, enters the new
But nothing's new 'bout being hawked by a few
Or should I say a flock 'cause around every block
There's Harry, Dick, and Tom, with a demo in his palm
Now I'm with helping those who want to help themselves and flaunt a nut that's doggy as a doe
But it's not the mood to hear the tales of limousines and pails of money they'll make like a pro
I be like, "Yo, black, just play me the tape"
But at the show, the time to spare I just make
But the songs created in they shacks be so wick-wick-whack, situations like this, I now hate
They give me smiles Kool-Aid wide and ask, "Was it def?"
And with the straightest face I be like, "Hell yes"
I slip them the digits to papa Prince Paul
So I don't go AWOL, but yet I know when they call, they get

Hey, how you doin'? Sorry you can't get through
Why don't you leave your name and your number and I'll get back to you?
Hey, how are you doin'? Sorry you can't get through
Why don't you leave your name and your number and I'll get back to you?
Check it out
Party at the dug-out on Dixon Ave, haven't been to a jam in quite a while
Figure I'll catch up on the latest styles 'stead piles and piles of demo tapes by the miles
All I wanna do is cut on the deck crowd, but edition up here by the mile to the center
Reliever of duty, Plug One moseys in and I be like, "Yo G, Pos does all the producing"

Now woe is me to the third degree
Mase pulls the funny, so I make like a bunny, jettin'
But I'm getting used to this demo abuse
Getting raped and giving birth to a tape
'Cause there's no escape from the clutches of a hawker
Attached to my success, sent like a stalker
Make way to my radius playin' fly guy
Try to get my back, they force like Luke Sky'
Me, myself, and I go through this act daily and rarely do I not
No matter how I dodge, some jackal always nails me, no matter what the plot
And even out on tour they be like, "Yo, I got a tape to play you back at the hotel"
I be like, "Oh, swell"
Unveil the numeric code that dials my room
And tell them to call me at noon
But of course there's no answering machine in my room
But a pretty young adorer who I swung on tour
And if it rings while we're alone, she'll answer the phone
And with the quickness, she'll recite like a poem
"Hey, you done did the right thing, dialed up my ring ring
Now you're waiting on the beep
Say, I would love if you'd sing a tune to Tru instead of frontin' on the speak
So no problemo, just play your demo, and at the end, it's break out time
Please, oh, please, don't press rewind 'cause I'll just lay it down the line"

Hey, how you doing? Sorry you can't get through
Why don't you leave your name and your number and I'll get back to you?
Hey, how you doing? Sorry you can't get through
Why don't you leave your name and your number and we'll get back to you?
Peace


Yo. memories of the corner, we huddled and stayed in trouble
Guzzled on 40 O-Zs and played the double and back
We doublin' crack, no wonder why they fear us
We cussin' 'cause our mommas couldn't hear us
Young lovers'll cuddle at 15, shit, they seen the struggle so
That makes him a man con-sidered he got plans but
She don't understand that this is where them fools bust at
Same corner where she go and catch the school bus at
It ain't changed a bit, we stand circle and spit bars
Cigarette butts scattered like glass shattered
And pops, he play the corner 'til his day comes, DAMN~!
Ambulances on the corner but hey, now it's offi-cial
'Cisco was the daze, them cups of E&J
Went down and hit a warm spot even in the winter's cold
We had our snorkel and our winter playboys on
These are the corners we was sent to play boys on
Our socks is pockets, the guns is rockets
It's where the after school fight was at, brand new bikes was at
Fila suits, Kangols and new Nikes was at
Same corner is today's same yesterday
You might also like
I wish that I cold give you this feelin'
I wish that I cold give you this feelin'
We was livin' on them corners, had a nigga rhymin', drinkin'
Whylin', potted out, livin' HIGH!

We live it real, hard, revoke your zeal
God don't come around here no mo'
So why you screamin' HIS NAME in vain when the pain hits
Pick yourself up and get to a hospital quick
But leave out the bit, about what went down
I know they hound us for hawkin'
Just a flesh wound, stitch it up, keep it walkin'
Niggas on the corners loyal, they ain't talkin' (they ain't talkin')
Put down the sea of chalk and
The use of chalk is for lines of hopscotch
Or tracin' dead bodies for crimes that got botched
For just crime commitin' and it's, time to fit it
In the schedule, 'cause them crosstown niggas
Came to our corner sprayin' that lead you pull
Ain't nuttin' deeper than pilin' in the car
With the street sweeper so we can clear every star
Off the corner
Embed
Alright y'all, we here now!
(This, is, a, Supa Supa, blast blast, Supa Supa, blast blast)

Relax your mind, let your conscience be free
Get down girl, get down girl (Relax your mind, y'all, )
Relax your mind, let your conscience be free
Get down girl, get down girl (Get down, y'all)
Relax your mind, let your conscience be free
Get down girl, get down girl
Relax your mind, let your conscience be free
Get down girl, get down girl
Get down

Just another day in a lonely world
Where I like to make a lonely girl
Feel a little less lonely
Tell a tale where she's my one and only
She got homegirls who likes to do more than chat
So she asked where my homies at
I mean that song was fly (If my homies can't have none)
But if my homie can't have none, sayin' I won't have fun is honestly just a God damned lie~!
Self-missions are less stress, and cut out the mess
Of havin a girl, verifyin' if I'm lyin or not
With her girl, 'cause my niggas occupyin the same spot with her
I'm like the fox with the fur, well groomed
You find me in hot clubs and hotel rooms, or between the sheet crack
And if the bed squeaks or noise-free, I'll put it to use
Swig from the tiger beers for the extra boost
Blow out your back like flames over the cake
Cut out a piece of your heart, for the claim
When I get you worked up to cream, and I can get on
Some Snoop Dogg shit and scream, "What's my motherfuckin name?"
You might also like
Let your conscience be free
Get down girl, get down girl (Get down, y'all, )
Relax your mind, let your conscience be free
Get down girl, get down girl
Relax your mind (Relax your mind)
Relax your mind (Let your conscience be free)
Relax your mind, let your conscience be free
Get down girl, get down girl (Get down, y'all)
Get down

Hey, we in the position to renew things
I specialise in doin' me and you things
Now what's that he say she say?
We got mortgages, dump all this gossip you're hoardin'
This world premier is for real, ma
A catalogue of lovin' you can hear, ma
Put the quarter in the jukebox
I brought a bit of luggage, drawers and a few socks
A little Dane Dane, and some X-Clan
I'm tryin' to save you from the chores of the next man
See we can picnic, and go horseback
I love your laughter, even if you sound like Horshack
You so impeccable, but damn them birds peck at you (Uh-huh)
Your technique is cuttin' like you catch beats (Uh-huh)
Affectin' these nuts 'cause your sex speaks (Uh-huh)
We oughta "Chill" like EPMD
Relax your mind, let your conscience be free
Get down girl, get down girl (Get down, y'all)
Relax your mind, let your conscience be free (We match, peace)
Get down girl, get down girl
Relax your mind, let your conscience be free
Get down girl, get down girl
Relax your mind, let your conscience be free
Get down girl, get down girl
Get downEmbed
(Kick it!)
(The mic men are back, okay)

Girls, girls, girls, girls
These girls I do adore
Walking down the street watchin' ladies
Aaow, watchin'...

Hold up, hold up, let's give it to the Mack Daddy
Over to the left...

Pity pity pity pity wack wack wack
A moo moo moo, a jumping jack
Rock this is brain now I'm one step over
Respect your parents, they're pushovers
Chasing my fun like the IRS
My girl's too young to have big breasts
For a good time we chill by the mall
I tell her tales, some small some tall
Why, how you got peanuts, pecans
I wipe her cheek, she grabs my hand
I have a curfew, she says to me
I'll take you home, look hon, you'll see
The deed was done and I thought to myself
Jeff, you're the mack and no-one else
You might also like(Jeff, I told you, my name is Jeff)
The astronomical wiz, dazzler of the showbiz
Kids of the new biz for you
Don't try to solve it, just involve yourself
In this deadly De La dialogue
Yo, I smell black fog

That's right, me and Mase blew it to clear your ass straight out of this
Sector. This is De La Soul
Wax!

So wait until your own piece of wax come out!

Yo, is this true? Is Jeff really coming out with his own song? And if he
Do, will he have the
Decency to
Change his name to a suitable public speaker? Yo, I don't know, but
Bring in that funky
Astronomical piano
For this is the take-off man Luck signing offEmbed
Potholes in my Lawn? You're those weird guys, De La Soul, right?
DOVE: Yeah, what's up little man, how you feeling, I'm Dove, how you
Feeling
POS: Yo what's up man, my name is Pos
MASE: What's up, I'm Mase. Yo, shorty, what's your name?
JEFF: Oh, my name? Jeff. You guys are walking? Now rappers ain't
Supposed to walk
POS: Sorry little man, but you know...
JEFF: Jeff. I told you, my name is Jeff. If you guys are rappers
Where's your dukey gold chains? Y'all don't have no dukey gold chains
MASE: We don't wear gold chains, we'd rather spend our money on
More important things like, equipment, necessities...
DE LA SOUL: And video games!
JEFF: Y'all are crazy. No chains, dag. Okay, where's your BMW?
You're not supposed to walk. Where's your Jeeps, your Maximas?
DOVE: Maximas? Yo, Maxin' would break my flow. And with the cause of
Gas, Jeff man, I'd rather take the transit that's mass
JEFF: What you say? You are C-R-A-Z-E-E. Crazee. Don't you know you
Can't be def if you don't have no gold? Or a car, man? What's up?
MASE: Who told you that?
JEFF: Everybody who's def has gold, cars, money, girls, clothes...
MASE: Wait a minute, wait a minute, shorty, you're buggin'. Do you like
Plug Tunin' and
Potholes?
JEFF: Yeah that song's def
POS: But we don't wear no gold chains, nor do we ride BMWs and
Maxes or Jeeps, yet you still think our music is def, right? Wait a
Minute. Did I say 'def'?
DE LA SOUL: Rrrr-RRAH!
JEFF: What?
POS: Nothing, nothing. It's just that we don't deal with all that
Materialistic stuff, but we still got what it takes to please and
Supply our listeners, understand my man?
JEFF: Where's your beepers? Why don't you have beepers? Everybody wears beepers. You have to have beepers to look down
MASE: AAAUUGHHH! Little man is brainwashed indeed!
DOVE: Nah, nah. Beepers are the least of status situators, man. Plus
I find them ugly as parking tickets
JEFF: You guys talk funny
POS: Well actually our verbal is kinetic, so when released flow A to
Z is perfectly pitched in advance in intricacy
JEFF: Yeah you homeboys are really bugged
POS: Wait a minute. Did he say...
MASE: Bugged?
DE LA SOUL: Rrrr-RRAH!
JEFF: So no car, no beepers, no gold. That's weak man, that's weak
DOVE: Jesus, did he say "weak?" Jesus, they never learn
POS: Foolish mind, have I, have I
MASE: Actin' like that lady!
DE LA SOUL: That lady!
POS: Peace, my brother...You might also likeEmbed
Ohh there go that bullshit again
You heard that shit?
Nah I ain't hear that
That's that bullshit from the other day
They done took the Buffalo Girls beat and changed it all around
They playin themselves!

You remind me when I reminesce of you (Yeah)
Of all the freaky things I want to do, to you (That's right)
So rub me up, rub me down, rub me all around (Rub me up, run me down) (What)
Kiss me here, kiss me there, kiss me everywhere! (Kiss me here, kiss me there)
Tell me what the cost to get in line 'cause you are mine tonight (It's goin' down tonight)
Gonna give you all I got to give, if only for one night (If only for one night) (I like that)
I will love you right (I don't care if you diss me) (Uh)
I will do you right (I don't care if you don't want me) (Come on)

Baby baby won't you be my baby baby
Be my baby baby baby baby baby baby (come on, come on, hahh)
Baby baby won't you be my baby baby
Be my baby baby baby baby baby baby (yo, hahh, knowhatI'mean?
Gonna set it like this, what)

Now I forgot how to forget so I remember your face
With your pretty accent, wearin man-attract scent
Others fakin constantly stakin out pockets of dreams
Always tryin to sham too that's why they crave champagne
But the blame still remains not to be on you
I know your style and your love lasts Long like the Island I'm from
I'm on the drum man, and it's all good
Cause I flexed on your ex, make sure he understood
That you would, never again want to be his wife
So we connect lips to hips, and uhh, eyes to thighs
You're my so-phisti-cated, lady
All mine, if you wasn't I'd go cra-zay
You might also like
Baby baby won't you be my baby baby             Yeah baby, this is uhh
Baby baby be my baby baby baby baby             Posda on the microphone
WRMS rocks the best hey hey hey it's the fat man
Scoop Wonder ear in your hand
That was JFB, baby baby baby OHHHHHHHHHH bay-bah!!!!!!!!!
Ha hah!!!
I pick my nose wash my clothes and be back in a minute
With Busta Rhymes, the mighty infamous
Zhane, A Tribe Called Quest, nonetheless WRMS
Fat man Scoop, tryin to get this rap loot yeah1Embed
(Never gonna give up on you)
Yeah, we gonna do it like this
(Just a little bit)
Like that
(Just a little bit)
Zhané
(Just a little bit)
De La
(Just a little bit)
C'mon!

I'll never give you up
No, I'll never stop
Keep it comin'
Keep on comin' for more! (Don't front, front!)
I'll never give you up (Never!)
No, I'll never stop (I'll never stop, baby!)
Keep it comin'
Keep on comin' for more! (Don't front, front!)

It's that brown man from Long Islandin' shores
Got a way with women, so I get away with yours
Because you're whole game's outdated
Which leaves all the pretty women heavily sedated
You might also like
Mommy, you can play your Ripley's, or believe it or not
Shoot gift like Heron with skills of Gil-Scott
Nights like Sir Lancelot can get heated
Prescribin' your vibe, love, I know how you need it

I'll never give you up
No, I'll never stop
Keep it comin'
Keep on comin' for more! (Don't front, front!)
I'll never give you up (Never!)
No, I'll never stop (I'll never stop, baby!)
Keep it comin'
Keep on comin' for more! (Don't front, front!)

I like to mingle sometimes, so I head outta state
To find a couple of dimes, but at a government rate
Can't settle for no nickels, even pennies for thought
For short, I need connections with big bank selections
Securin' all the sections with sing-sing corrections
Seedin' like nature, escapin' like gas
Tell me how long this love is gonna last?
Thinkin' fast might spoil somethin', turn a whole week to nothin'
Extra to your lady is special
Seen a bigger picture on the screen
But you're a movie, you move me
You soothe me like holidays, getaways
The brochure said do it, so true
It's not a hold-hand mission, cut the public display
Heard you're headed for the stars, put the gazers away
Nine times out of ten, we cut to good friends
But when we on the tenth, we gotta go the length!
I'm not a playa, yet I get more play
Than a talk show shown across the USA
Have 'em moanin' out the vowels sounds — ooh, eee and aahh!
And how, by now, you should know me and my
Crew members do members of the opposite sex
Have they boyfriends screamin', now we got more Techs
Than that ball team in Georgia (Yo, he said he comin' for ya!)
All because the hoe wanna go to the kasbah! Ha!

I'll never give you up
No, I'll never stop
Keep it comin'
Keep on comin' for more! (Say-ba-doooo-ba yeah, yeahhh!)
I'll never give you up
No, I'll never stop
Keep it comin'
Keep on comin' for more! (Don't front, front!)

You can get with some of these women some of the time
When your face is in the light, thus stirred with lime
Is it a crime to sex your mind to death?
Resuscitated, see how many brain cells left
I feel your body's drawn to my positive
Don't even want it, baby, if it's that easy to give
I live right around the corner — three states away
Take a holiday, come check me
Watch how I set the mood, check a movie on the tube
Get your belt mad loose like Lee
Phone's turned way down to avoid the beef
Or the questions, if she's the only one gettin' lessons
Yeah, you're into crime faces, huh? Well, I'll play your Capone
Suzy Q got the grill to make the cake chrome
Situation's gettin' absurd, hot on a plat
So work the format, see how we do that?
Considering you're figurin' we'll love on the rock
I'mma keep it up front to maintain the stock
Displayin' all the goodies from your knuckle to knees
Make it hot like the Island degrees, now that's special!

I'll never give you up
No, I'll never stop
Keep it comin'
Keep on comin' for more! (Don't front, front!)
I'll never give you up (Never!)
No, I'll never stop (Never!)
Keep it comin'
Keep on comin' for more! (Don't front, front!)1Embed
And and bass up the track a little bit
'Cause I'm — I wanna hear that woom sss-ch woom, knowhatI'msayin?
Yeah yeah, you know the bizness, Common Sense
Soul with the De La
Forget all them playas
We the rhyme-sayers
Huh, and that's the bizness, hah
Gon' do it like this
Gettin' it hot, like the Chicago streets

I speak divine of God theories, no need to be high
Always exhale the facts 'cause I don't inhale la/lie
Play the greater man's game to bounce off my losses
So I can earn the acres (Uhh), the houses (Yeah), the horses (Ha)
Of course it's much greater than your Benz or your Lex
The engine to my comprehension is just too complex
Much too complex, EFX/effects be live like Das
Makin' moves down South, to avoid the chaos
And never, flaunt the coin 'cause dime-getters be gazin'
They call me Luther Van', they say my style is So Amazing (Ha)
I'm fazin' those who're supposed to have the last laughter
'Cause even when I'm gone, I'm reappearin' in the after—
I have to send respects to real money makers
Do not connect us with those champagne-sippin' money fakers
Chase the quarter pound with spice from Chi-town
Now, what that prove? You're so full, you can't even move
You might also like
'Cause I'm the D-to-the-O, the-V-to-the-E
And can't another brother cook these delicacies
Well, I'm the P-L-U, the G-to-the-One
Walk around the planet Earth, makin' money, havin' fun
Uh, and I'm the C-to-the-O, double-M-O-N
I sit and think with a drink about how I'm gonna win
I'm the C-to-the-O, double-M-O-N
I sit and think with a drink...

Do you wanna be a MC? Or do you wanna serve?
Do you wanna be dope? Or do you wanna deal it?
Fabricated acrylic, I feel it, I'm the style molester
I do a show, get Extra P's like the Large Professor
In fact, I get more hoes than Tessa
Peep game like a refe-ree, in sole control of my desti-ny
In the best of three out of five, whip anybody ass at NBA Live
Rappers take a dive like Greg Louganis with his gay-ass
Rather be in Bebe's alley, than at the Clique with gators
Not a hater of the players, I'm more like a coach, or an owner
I Used To Love H.E.R., but now I bone her (Ahuh-hah!)
At one point in rhyme, I thought I lost my erection
But then I got it back with the Resurrection
Blessings upon rhymes, old man who called him traitor
Big Com-stradamus, niggas styles I predict
I'm the C-to-the-O, double-M-O-N
I sit and think with a drink about how I'm gonna win
And I'm the D-to-the-O, the-V-to-the-E
And can't no other brother cook these delicacies
Well, I'm the P-L-U, the G-to-the-One
Walk around the planet Earth, makin' money, havin' fun
Walk around the planet Earth, makin' money, havin' fun
Walk around the planet Earth, makin' money, havin' fun

I'm the most from the coast of the Eastern flav'
Droppin' more knowledge than litter on the New York pave'
It's me, Wonder Why, in the place to be
Certified as superior MC
While others explore to make it hardcore
I make it hard for wack MC's to even step inside the door
'Cause these kids is rhymin' sometimin'
And when we get to racin' on the mic, they line up to see
The lyrical killin', with stained egos on the ceilin'
My rhymes escalates like black death rates
Over musical plates, bein' played as the rule
Kids thinkin' steppin' to the Soul, you're labelled fools
Who claims to drop jewels, but for now you do the catchin'
I don't worry on what crew you run
Or what section of earth you reside
You're not even a MAN
So I don't deem it MANdatory takin' your pride
But I will, 'cause my man said Soulful Delight
You cry "Keepin' it real", yet you should try keepin' it right
That's understanding microphone mathematics
Which leads to currency and temporary world status
And when one shows he pose threat to this one
This one will make that one into none
Simple equation, zero! You shouldn't play hero
If you can't stand Strong like the Island I'm from
Well, I'm the P-L-U, the G-to-the-One
Walk around the planet Earth, makin' money, havin' fun
Yeah, and I'm the C-to-the-O, double-M-O-N
I sit and think with a drink about how I'm gonna win
And I'm the D-to-the-O, the-V-to-the-E
And can't another brother cook these delicacies
See, can't another brother cook these delicacies
See, can't another brother cook these delicacies

Ahh, that's how, that's how I'm supposed to do my thing, huh
Like triple it, aight
That's how we do it, all the way from Strong Island to Chicago
The type of freestyler flow
Yeah, it's fluid, it ain't even a flow no mo', hah
Part II: Yunonstop
And to the mighty Mos Def, you know he nonstop
To my man Enola, yo, he's nonstop
And to my kin de Calhoun, yo, he's nonstop
Yo that girl MP, yo, she's nonstop
And to that crew Camp Lo, you know they nonstop
And to that nigga Pop Life, yo, he's nonstop
And to my cousin Fudge Love, you know he nonstop
My brother Lucky and Pert, yo, they nonstop
And to my man Joe Buck, you know he nonstop
And my man Extra P, yo, he's nonstop
And my man Mike Divine, you know he nonstop
That kid called Paul, Baby Paul, yo, he's nonstop
And to the Jazzyfatnastees, yo, you're nonstop
And my peoples Beatminerz, man, they nonstop
And to my man Mr. Bug, you know you're nonstop
And ayo, Litro, yo, he's nonstop
And to, Medina Green, yo, you're nonstop
And to my man Prince Paul yo, he's nonstop
And to that man Kid Capri yo, you nonstop
And A Tribe Called Quest, man they nonstop
And don't forget Timbo King, yo, he nonstop

Let me tell you a little somethin' about the Self (Tell 'em, Self)
I be a piece of the East Coast
So give a toast to Plug Wonder Why
Back in the day who soaked his words in ginger
So when I ran a phrase in June, you didn't catch it 'til December
I'm a member of them kids from the inner city
Givin' you kiddies audible treats, you be achin' for
Makin' more money than a pagan holiday
Not from the PJ's, yet I still got somethin' to say12Embed
There's a lot of people out here who just don't know
What plays a factor in movin' heads and toes
It be them kids bangin' them hits out of the stereo kits
Whether cassette, radio, or CD bits
Mix tapes from the best going on and on
Throughout the city grounds to suburban lawns
Man, we don't play, even where we stay
Videos shows the visuals of jams today
Coinciding with the rhythm of the heart and neck
The breaks got you in your proper context
You let your Lex or your '64 suspension bounce away all your tension
En route to the club where girls need the quenchin'
Diamonds on your wrist, sunroof top
But niggas out front makin' guns go pop
So the spot gets shut but on to the next
Cause your ears get vexed when they don't get the fix 'cause

(These are the breaks)
It be your listenin' pleasures while you're doin' your chores
(These are the breaks)
No matter where you from, it's for you and yours
(These are the breaks)
Bringing it back to the breaks like the "yes, yes, y'alls"
(These are the breaks)
So let it be your anthem when you're havin' a ball
You might also like
Well it's silly of me to think that I
Would never get a chance to see a piece of this pie
I sat dead in front of speakers thinkin' that could be me
Anticipatin' open microphones so I could emcee
Had a catalog of raps impressin' all the 'round-the-wayers
Before I went to bed included rhymes into my prayers
But that rhyme is all on paper
I want my song on vinyl plates
I dreamin' hits and doin' shows, makin' my niggas spines shake
Expectin' nothin' but a little bit of radio play
Gettin' diced on 1 and 2's by the best DJ, hey
Time was kinda tight, but still I dotted on the line
And some expected me to start buhlooning in the mind
Seein' spaces and places that I couldn't pronounce
But still I had the pulleys to make all the bullies bounce
With the blessings of the great we took it from state to state
'Cause we landed on the good foot and got our biggest break 'cause

(These are the breaks)
*record scratching*
(These are the breaks)
*record scratching*
(These are the breaks)
*record scratching*
(These are the breaks)
*record scratching*
A mother gets mugged by her crackhead son
("That's the breaks, that's the breaks")
You're in the wrong part of town so the shots make you run
("That's the breaks, that's the breaks")
Your best comrades put six tabs in your OE
("That's the breaks, that's the breaks")
Your boyfriend made you a carrier of HIV
("That's the breaks, that's the breaks")

Now what's gonna happen when the sun don't shine
I'm buyin' tickets aboard the caravan of love
Hey fellas, see, money don't make shots repel
I break woes and compose some rhymes to tell
So when the party's live it shouldn't be beef
Or playin' Indian roles I guess you thought you was chief
Seems all broke up and now you woke up surprised
Situation's gettin' sticky dead in front of your eyes

We play the wall similar to tacks
'Til the DJ play the necessary track, in fact
As the jam plays on, out comes all your bread
To pay for drinks for them girls you want to spread
Don't be mislead when the breaks inside your head
And have you reminiscing on them kids who got you fed
'Til reality reveals a miss who wants to know
If you can play her real close out on the dance floor cause
(These are the breaks)
It be your listenin' pleasures while you're doin' your chores
(These are the breaks)
No matter where you from, it's for you and yours
(These are the breaks)
Bringing it back to the breaks like the "yes, yes, y'alls"
(These are the breaks)
So let it be your anthem when you're havin' a ballEmbed
It's strong island for real, where the critters run wild
The prefix is 516, the top of the dial
Through the L.I. Sound, to the villa down under
And across the globe I heard a lot of folks wonderin'
So when's it coming cause the stakes is high see big money that waves
Don't put the pen to my page
And ain't nothin' wrong with standing still and relaxing
And spendin' some of that cash that Uncle Sam is gonna tax
A New York demeanor, sit back in the beamer
With nothing to lose but some gas and some minutes
Ignorin' the gazers cause some stars don't get petty
And that trash you talk is just New Years confetti
It's like that y'all, but that's all 'bout to change
Like some of my own, people tend to act strange
I'm making a scene, and it's served with it's capabilities
So set it at an island's degrees

It's strong island for real, the diagnosis is supreme
The prefix is 516, where microphones fiend
The voices that gots the gift, cause the world is on their shoulders
Makein' plans to switch from little rock to money boulders
The real proceed
My girl stands deep from nubians actin' like Colombians sellin' keys
Characters have the tendency to con themselves
To think the East Coast is only New York and Philadelph
You know the way we blow, your shit is played like pork
And as for what we be bringin' you, we live and direct from New York
I ougtta say my fam calls me Merce
Steppin' to me fool will get you punched out like a curse
It's like that y'all, let it all consume
Like them brothas who smoke, 'till they high like the moon
Soon to a town near you be them super emcees
Settin' them Long Island degrees
You might also like
I hit the L.I.R.R. for big dreamers out east
And get your bank roll split
Bangin' dents out your systems
Sellin' points to get the uppercut like Sonny Liston
But eyes closed episodes
Bring you back to zeroes
The same hero playin' like he Casablanca
Blind to it, but I'm a grind him up a cup of Sanka
Servin' dimes loves on tennis courts and sorts
Laid back like grown folks sippin' tea for sport

I be sweepin' up the room with my lyrical broom
While others rhymes pale and plastic like some lunch room utensil
The official color for this planet is green
Which growns in pockets of them people willing to scheme
An't no expose, these facts are from the mouth
Profilin' through Island with that wind from down south
At last, be the world broad cast from the crew who gave you 3's
Magic on an island degrees

It's strong island for real where the critters smoke fritters
Night time excites time for the heavy hitters
Gang on hers cause in the mean time mine is home on date
Fluffin' pillows impatiently waitin' ain't no debatin'
'Bout to settle, check the level stakes is higher than the sky
I got questions about your life if you so ready to die
We in the last quarter y'all, somebody's gonna cry
I think they need to set the clock before the time pass by
In the round one no nines my size can get swelly
Sensing danger I will play a ranger on my celly with my felly
We're wonderful like colorful flix
Provide a thread and needle every time the stages get ripped
I grip upon the pleasure sippin' the tea
On the island cause that island is the main artery
So uh, you better come and give respect for catch some of these
Nuts  from the island degrees3Embed
Listen all you fellas, give her good lovin'
Listen all you fellas, the kind she understands
Listen all you fellas, then you won't have to worry, no no no
Listen all you fellas (You better listen, you better listen)
Listen all you fellas, give her good lovin'
Listen all you fellas, the kind she understands
Listen all you fellas, then you won't have to worry, no no no
Listen all you fellas (You better listen, you better listen)

Mummy I saw one day (One day), she was on some fume vapors
Givin' me lip so I continued with the caper
Cat litter had me sniffin' since outside the palace
Eyes sicker than AIDS, game harder than the callous
Tried to enter and shit, she had locks on the session
Tellin' me how her last man taught her ass a lesson (Damn)
Well, I'm not the mayor, I take care of my dimes
But I excluded I had nickels addin' up to her kind (Ha!)
Short stacks with a wristful of jewels
Sayin' she didn't need a man to make her out for a fool
"Dig it, miss, my love is credited in Cupid account
And if you need that extra help, I got the extra amounts"
Gigglin, figurin' I had jokes for her humour
Then she broke out with the words about knowin' all the rumours
"See, all you niggas rappin' be like pedigree dogs
Thinkin' that you can have me leashed around your microphone cord" (Ooh)
Somethin' 'bout her lit me up like July
And with them onions in the pants, I couldn't help but cry
Seemed lost in the essence, but i had to find my way to take
Action for the digits just to set up a date
Thought my shinin' was on (I had the skirts in the bag)
Until I took a bit of time to peep the price on the tag
She said "I'm that salt and pepa who like pushin' it to sisters
You need to get to walkin' with it mister, I think you better listen"
You might also like
Listen all you fellas, give her good lovin'
Listen all you fellas, the kind she understands
Listen all you fellas, then you won't have to worry, no no no
Listen all you fellas (You better listen, you better listen)

We was at some outside jam one Saturday night
When this pretty ass girl got locked in my sight
(She was a ghetto philosopher) Yeah, you know the type
Thinkin' Mary J. and Sade understood her strife
Caught me lookin', ("Yo what's cookin?") "Nothin' from around here
So don't approach or hope to be the man of the year"
I said, "Listen, deer or rabbit or whatever the hell you be
I'm not the one to embarrass, but the one to emcee
I've traveled the world's quarters on my relationships
Used and abused by hoes for my royalty stubs
(But above all) I brought my daughter into this earth
So I understand the need of women feeling of worth"
She glanced deep in my eyes and said "Oh shit, you're ill
I like the way your mind moves around at will
Still, let me apologise for soundin' so sassy
But niggas act as if my ass has a sign that says 'harass me'"
Her name was Gail from the Union of Dale
I made her remove the shades so her eyes could tell me the plan
("Yo where's your man?") "Oh, that nigga's past tense
Painted bruises on my face, haven't seen him ever since"
Gave a pinch to my bottom and started rubbing my back
She said, "I bet your ass is darker than a Mobb Deep track"
(Only one way to know it) And I was down to show it
(So we jetted) Back to my crib to set it, she made it known
"I've owned thoughts of you since that song, "meeny-meeny"
Can't believe you're about to be all up in between me"
Man, the flag was lowered, so my wood was raised
Followed by shielding of my building to protect me from the blaze
This granted access to southern parts of her borders
(Did you have her comin'?) Like the new world order
I caught her with the right combination (A good combination)
Keep her in your heart, man, you better listen
Listen all you fellas, give her good lovin'
Listen all you fellas, the kind she understands
Listen all you fellas, then you won't have to worry, no no no
Listen all you fellas (You better listen, you better listen)Embed
Centralised or way out in the sticks

Ha ha ha ha
Ha, ha ha ha ha
Ha! Ha ha ha ha
Ah-ha ha ha, ah-ha ha ha ha, ha!!

Now, this goes out to all area cliques
Centralized or way out in the sticks
Remember to keep the De La in the mix
Just like log cabin syrup, our sound is game thick
Now, this goes out to all area cliques
From manicured lawns to projects bricks / from 718 to the 51-6
Remember to keep the Mos Def in the mix
Straight butter hits, drop as good as it gets

Now, come on, y'all, get live, get down
What we have is a brand new sound
So don't none of y'all just be misled
The De La's gonna do the body good like wheat bread
Shakin' laces outta shoes, Mos Def brought the brews
Sittin' Indian squats to make that bread tie knots
See, I'm out to get the coin like in them rainbow pots (Wooo!)
Swingin' life like a hammock, invested like stocks
Through your sinus complex, I aims to clog it up
Slappin' fives with pain is a crew here to gain
We remain on your mind like skulls
Not a dull moment shown
When in the house, all perimeters are blown
Native Tongue come through to make you say, "Yes! Yes!"
This is the mighty Mos Def, style fresh like baby breath
We are the killer combination with the size to administer
The beatdown to swell up all three of your eyes
You might also like
Now, this goes out to all area cliques
Centralized or way out in the sticks
Remember to keep the De La in the mix
'Cause just like log cabin syrup, our sound is game thick
Now this goes out to all area cliques
From manicured lawns to project bricks
Remember to keep the Native Tongue in the mix
Straight butter hits, we as good as it gets
Now, check it out, and ya don't stop
We got the big brother beat, ya don't stop
Now, check it out, and ya don't stop
We got the big brother beat, ya don't stop

I don't bug out, I chill, don't be actin' ill
No tricks in '96, Native Tongue gon' build
But we be easy on the cut, no mistakes allowed
'Cause to me, MC mean makin' C.R.E.A.M
When I speak on groups and I'm smooth like gabardine
Tryin' to hang out with Dove and catch love in Aberdeen (Word up)
I bag dimes like my man born on August 17
Life be nuthin' but a river, son, I'm swimmin' upstream
Playin' wait up! With the data servin' your ears
With information due to confirmation of the nation's most
Wicked ways of livin', like them glassy eyed beans
Inhale the smoke of fiends, while bangin' the tape
Rated at the high point of the mass
Rippin' MC's at the top of our class
Occasionally, rippin' some sucka's face
Or some suckable ass from a girl
It's the big brother beat for the wide wide world
I'm makin' memos off these demos, back in '89
Took you all on encounters of an unknown kind (Right)
Did the hustle with a couple of us, but soon noted
That my niggas buttered Benedict rolls, and then voted
I wrote in the dark so I could feel it like braille (Uh-huh)
Heard the big brother beat, got locked with no bail
Came to set it like equators, invented with the heat
Yo, Mos Def, how you radiate to make it complete?
(Right!! *echoes*) So when I shine the light crabs wince
Manifestin' for the future here in the present tense
No doubt, I love the sound biggin' out off your Jeeps
Son, I want the little kids bangin' big brother beats
Now, this goes out to all area cliques
Centralized or way out in the sticks
Remember to keep the Native Tongues in the mix
Just like log cabin syrup, our sound is game thick
Now, this goes out to all area cliques, from 718 to 516
Remember to keep the De La in the mix

Yo, we straight butter hits, we straight butter hits
We straight butter hits, we straight butter hits
Manteca, manteca
Word up1Embed
Now, where the ladies at?
"Yo, we're chillin' over here"
And all the fellas?
"Takin over this year"
I heard the party's round here, right?
"You know that's right"
Dinninit, yo, hey, hey, hey
Now, where the ladies at?
"Yo, we're chillin' over here"
And all the fellas, the fellas?
"Takin over this year"
I heard the party's round here, right?
"You know that's right"
Dinninit, yo, hey, hey, hey
Dinninit, yo, hey, hey, hey
Dinninit, yo, hey, hey, hey
Dinninit, yo, hey, hey, hey
Dinninit, yo, hey, hey, hey

It's so real when we come through
Sunshine be on my sidewalk when I come through
Schoolly D like family reunions, midday may, it's all lovin'
Take a walk down to d dot c, the war's tuggin'
And ain't no druggin', my credit's a gain
While you searchin for some trick to put the shit in her name
I be spendin' on Wall Street and buyin' boardwalk
Dodging problems of the world drawn out in white chalk
Peace, Mr. Walt, I'm seein' all dimensions
But unlike your eye extensions, my vision don't blur
'What' 'when' and 'word's where the gossip occur
Heard I'm sexin' Sade and I bought her a fur
Battin' eyes at Toni Braxton and I bought her a fur
Now I'm hittin' Whitney Houston, oh, she bought me a fur?
Far-fetched like glass tecs and kiddie rolex
Soon comin', but now it's time to kick the fun in
You might also like
Now, where the ladies at?
"Yo, we're chillin' over here"
And all the fellas?
"Takin over this year"
I heard the party's round here, right?
"You know that's right"
Dinninit, yo, hey, hey, hey

I'm pourin' out these rhymes for them kids who ain't here
Stakes is high, but we gonna try to have fun this year
Before there were guns, there was Native Tongues on these plains
Putting others on without them being pawns in this game
Cause a pawn in this game is left with no game to play
So, um, you best ta check and hear what we got to say
Now if you came to party, just let it be known
Now if you came to fight, you might get that head flown
By the one and only Maseo plug third
J.D. dove plays the wall as Kenny Cal spurts words
And a number to a crew of dope girls from the woods
And not dope meaning weed, but dope meaning (good)
Like them West Coast kids, who be throwin' up signs
I hate a buster, unless his name is Busta Rhymes
So check the way my mind moves over times and grooves
Got some money to blow, wonder why I wanna know
Where the ladies at?
"Yo, we're chillin' over here"
And all the fellas, the fellas?
"Takin over this year"
I heard the party's round here, right?
"You know that's right"
Dinninit, yo, hey, hey, hey3Embed
Brick wall dedication
Mos Def affiliation
Attic representation
This is the phat presentation
De La's the foundation
Common Sense collaborations
Peace to all of you Haitians
Check it out, now

If money makes a man strange - we gots to rearrange that
So what makes the world go round?
If love is against the law - listen, I don't know
Gotta change how it's goin' down (Yeah, haha)
If money makes a man strange - yeah, we gots to rearrange that
So what makes the world go round?
And if love is against the law - listen, I don't know
Gotta change how it's goin' down (Haha, haha, check it out)

Fell in love with this fish who got caught in my mesh (What)
But yo she burned my scene up like David Koresh
I guess a diamond ain't nothing but a rock with a name
I guess love ain't nuttin but emotion and game
It's a lesson well learned, so praise is well due
I'm sendin' off from Big I, to Kenny Calhoun
And add a reservation for the resident crew
And yo, get your bowl cuz we cookin' up stew
See, them Cubans don't care what y'all niggas do (Word)
Colombians ain't never ran with your crew
Why you acting all spicy and shiesty?
The only Italians you knew was icees, niggas price me
I'm keepin it clean, like a washing machine
Ayo, get your locomotion running to full-steam
I'm sending out a greeting to my man Daseem
I got a child, so I gotsta get the green, right? (That's right)
You might also like
If money makes a man strange - we gots to rearrange that
So what makes the world go round?
If love is against the law - listen, I don't know
Gotta change how it's goin' down (Haha)
If money makes a man strange - we gots to rearrange that
So what makes the world go round? (Yeah, yeah)
If love is against the law - listen, I don't know
Gotta change the way it's goin' down

Itzsoweezee, it's gettin hot this year
Itzsoweezee, it's gettin hot (It's gettin' hot, yeah)
(repeat 4X)

I own the deeds to some acres in the West Indies
Where my pops is building residence to house my seed
Now here's the lead, y'all niggas pray to hot rods and not God
While Versace play you bitches like Yahtzee
Crackin jokes like you Potsie
(When's the last time you had Happy Days?)
Blazin up your herb to escape the maze, but the problem stays
Think big, get it big is my motto
You can go and play your lotto, I'll be singin like baby won't you be mine
You'll be pressin rewind, you can never see mine
Keep your eyes focused, you can't touch this or quote this
Style is crazy bogus so you can't try to approach this
Stomp you out like roaches, pullin on my coattail
Like some horses pullin coaches, WHOA your roller coasters
It's hotter than the temperature that's cookin in your toasters
While the heat'll put you deep into hypnosis

Itzsoweezee, Enola in the area
Itzsoweezee, Timbo King's in the area
Itzsoweezee, Maseo's in the area
Itzsoweezee, ninety-six in your area
Itzsoweezee, lawd lawd lawd!
Itzsoweezee, lawd lawd lawd lawd
Itzsoweezee, lawd lawd, for y'all peace
Itzsoweezee
Itzsoweezee (8X)2Embed
Once again, my friend
Long Island
(What the hell do you wanna be when you grow up?)
I wanna be a supa emcee
(Well you're already that) So let me step up to bat
Attack a hit to go beyond this age of rap counterfeits

Out of the heavens August one-seven, sixty-nine
Born I, Wonder Why, with the thoughts to rhyme
'Til there was no longer thoughts to dream
When an unpolished demo led to limos at the age of eighteen
Accompanied by the screams, "Plug One"
Shot up with fame like novocaine, it made me numb
So numb I wouldn't been able to feel
Niggas diggin in my pockets for my currency reels
But still, I make girls brown eyes blue at will (Until)
My ass was no longer mass appeal
Oh shit, I guess that was all the fame I was allotted
Wait a minute, new video, like a leopard I'm spotted
In a night club chillin' with Khaliyl and Phife
I be that farmer cultivating owning acres of mics
And I likes to make it known Strong Island stylin'
For a while, so do that dance
You might also like
(Are you rockin' the spot?) Yes I be
(Showin' others they do not?) Yes I be
(Havin' them towed from the lot?) Yes I be
That's my job as a supa emcee, I'm from Long Isle
Mobile, make it worth your while
If the jam needs motion, I'm the one to dial
(Goin' beyond ninety watts) Yes I be
(Well are you rockin' it?) Yes, yes I be (Rockin' it!)

I can stress the makin' of loot to feed the fam
While the voices impersonate the true who I am
Buzzin' in my ear, oh you one of those wannabes
Always buzzin' in my ear, you down with supa emcees
Steppin' to me with your pleas that you gots, butter rhymes
Man the only thing butter bout you is your spine
Mad yellow, you can't rock the Mardi Gras, my mellow
Cause my stealth show more than knowledge of self
I got knowledge of you, to know you a wack em-crew
(You mean "wack emcee"?) Nah, a wack em-crew, see you a crew of wack niggas
You should have never tried to test
These words that I Man, with the I to Fest
While you sayin' one thing really meaning the next
You're just a contra-dict, your mind's been tampered with
Like some holy books, but looks to the sky
'Cause Wonder Why's here to save the day
(Are you rockin' the spot?) Yes I be
(Showin' them others they do not?) Yes I be
(Havin' them towed from the lot?) Yes I be
Cause ultimately, I'm lettin' all MC's know that
What's the name of this crew? (De La, De La)
Well alright, and what be the dish we servin'?
(We're servin' pasta!) Posdnuos help the necks get loose

Like an alcohol scenario, rap be on the rocks
Authenticity's that missin' fee to pay to join the flock of MC
These niggas stand lower than knees
Dramatized in they eyes as the ones to please
When rap kids apply violent pressure to father, brother and son
For fun, they say they inflict pain
R&B niggas lie to mother, sister, and daughter
To have sex disguised as lovin' in the rain
Their words are more hollow than October 31st
But what's worse, is to see the females
Switch to sexual mentality, it doesn't match with they given anatomy
Man they rather be hoes like that male emcee
Who walk around like they got nuts
And use the tits and ass like a crutch
Man the underground's about not being exposed
So you better take your naked ass and put on some clothes
Man this be goin' out to the kids from East Mass (Long Island)
Amityville (Long Island)
To all my people out in Wyandanch, Bayshore (Long Island)
C.I.'s in the place (Long Island)
Brentwood, Hempstead, all my (Long Island)
Brothers out in Roosevelt, Freeport (Long Island)
Uniondale to Long Beach (Long Island)
To them girls out in Huntington (Long Island)
Long Island prevail (Long Island)Embed
(Slick Rick sample from MC Ricky D and Doug E. Fresh's "La-Di-Da-Di")
Hey, whatever happened to the (emcees)
Times done changed for the (emcees)
Every woman and man wanna (emcee)
But for what, I tell you (emcee)-ing ain't for you!
Hey, whatever happened to the (emcees)
Times done changed for the (emcees)
Every woman and man wanna (emcee)
But for what, I tell you (emcee)-ing ain't for you!

Man I'm on the set like the flicks so let your cameras flash
A splash bigger than whales, I'm makin monsters mash
Spit Pinocchio's Theory when shit be looking weary
I need rest, but I boogie for now, I'm on some mess
Like the best mics respond to me
Living days, like dreams of specializing in the art that pays
I be a mystic for life, so check my ID number
Emcees be needing dough while I make bread like Wonder
Yes, that's what you heard, so save that acting for the screen
See you can can that madness with the beans
I bust emcees like lies surprise em out the box
Put away the soda pops I’d rather rum on the rocks
A dime-getter tried to get what I got, for what?
I guess other folks' cash makes the lovin' come phat
But I'm past all of that, it's time to break with the breeze
Get to your knees, here comes the Supa Emcees
You might also like
Hey, whatever happened to the (emcees)
Times done changed for the (emcees)
Every woman and man wanna (emcee)
But for what, I tell you (emcee)-ing ain't for you!
Hey, whatever happened to the (emcees)
Times done changed for the (emcees)
Every woman and man wanna (emcee)
But for what, I tell you (emcee)-ing ain't for you!

Within this program of rap, I'll eradicate the glitches
Yo I'm dark like Wesley, but I be sparkin more bitches
Entering my constellation puts your lives in jep'
While you others represent, I present my rep
Cause when it comes to making dents, I'm that main imprint
Even smoked from blunts which give eyes the reddish tint
Could not prevent, YOU from seeing I'm the light
But bring attention to my words like some ass in tights
I heard you want to fight me, with your words on stage
So Mase pulls that instrumental from the jam YOU made
And as he starts cutting what you sold, I'll talk all over your tones
As if my name was Pete Rock or Sean "Puffy" Combs
Send your tattered ass home, with celly phones I roam
With my fleet, here to make this rap game complete
While you live fables, unstable, acting very radical
Projecting like you're hard, when in fact you're quite vaginal
Hey, whatever happened to the (emcees)
Times done changed for the (emcees)
Every woman and man wanna (emcee)
But for what, I tell you (emcee)-ing ain't for you!
Hey, whatever happened to the (emcees)
Times done changed for the (emcees)
Every woman and man wanna (emcee)
But for what, I tell you (emcee)-ing ain't for you!1Embed
You're sweatin'?
Sweatin', ain't ya?

I be that mind blessin' blessin' these lessons we've ignited
Want to bring it to my face, man, you're cordially invited
'Cause I've cited, you possess no science in your thinking
So I'm gonna (Never), you're blinking!

Fingers be pointin' and leakin', falsifyin' the stink
You think I'm pink, I bleed liquids in shades of thought and think
(And in this corner be the hush) So play your William Rhodes
'Cause at the sound of the bell, my circle square controls
And all MCs best sweat, we bringin' buckets of heat

So don't fret kid, I let you lick the love I secrete, yo
Even my foes give me bravos, and that shows
Total domination in this rhyme complication

Yeah the skill is essench, I walk the womb with a mic
And in the days of the nipple and breast, I knew the yes yes y'allin
Was the callin', clearly not for the gat
For combat, I bring a bag of my rhymes for the stat
You might also like
I'm Plug One-of-a-kind, for you people's delight
And for you sucker MCs, step to your knees (Come on)
Ain't no second thoughts and all your thoughts are from Orion
I can tell that you a devil by them rhymes you're designin'
Your play doggin' tactics can't fuck with my facets
Just because you talk all that Glock shit don't mean you can rock shit!
Your identity's on freeze
Just a form of protozoa tryin' to cross them seas

See high horse riders gettin' shot by the sheriff
'Cause nobody's safe from crimes
And even all you skirts need a checkin in your upstairs attic
Cause Mase is smackin hoes if hoes is startin static

Now it ain't all good when your jam goes wood
So as a deterrent, I use mental current
Got them brothers shook, peep the look comin' out of the face
'Cause they all catch a bruise from the hits we make

Your fame and cars should be listed as magnets
Legends never die but they can get shot and killed
Ain't nuttin' glitter when you're battlin' MC's
You once imitated in a mirror, so to down syndrome you kneel
The same status I heard, the same nothin'
My ears fears the faulty locks tryin to lock down the stops
But I earn more than your Menudo or your Boyz II Men
While down syndrome keeps you immune to frequencies I send
Fresher than a sniff off havin' them J in fifth
I identify with your rhythm
But I exist for more than just a Benz, so mends
I'm cuttin' off my friends to keep a smile calcium iron grain

Let me tell you a little something ‘bout the self (Tell 'em, self)
I be a piece of the East Coast, so give a toast to
Plug Wonder Why back in the day who soaked his words in ginger
So when I ran a phrase in June, you didn't catch it 'til December
I'm a member of them kids from the inner city
Giving you kitties audible treats, you be aching for making
More money than a pagan holiday
Not from the PJs, yet I still got something to say

Say what man? You gritty like a diamond grenade
For the cameo spot you tries to fool Parade
You acrobats flip the stargazin' map, for alla that
You'll be the first to place, and ran it all to a waste
And all the style that you bring (Gotta make decks bend)
You gotta rip it from the start (When the beats come in!)1Embed
(LET IT FLOW!)

And yes y'all
You are about to bear witness
From the lands of Long Island
Takin' you into the sky's survival
I am your captain, Enola
On this endless joruney
To invisions, to broaden your outer visions
To where you never been before
It's just a one night trip to love
Sun shinin' forever, and forever sun shines

Yo, leaving lasting impressions like cuts to flesh
Be that crew from the five one six point of view
With skills so tight, they the rhymes of a vagina
Them clits will turn into a diamond, the level of rhymin'
Pressure comes from lesser forms than me and my man
And we go back like life created from um, specks of sand
And there's money to be made cause Caucasians are paid
Only brothers who rhyme, seek bounce and catch balls
Plug 1, with them rhymes makin' your heart stall
Like them girls when you in they room when they man calls
It ain't nothin' but the thing Wonder Why can bring
As we come to bring the pain, everyone will sing
You might also like
De La is the crew that you must hear
But please don't rush the stage
'Cause even though them stakes are really high
We're really not here to race
We're just here to move your mind and soul
With perpetuated ease
It's just about the show until it's time to go
And get with the young ladies, because

I'm onto travellin' to places that the eye can't see
But kinder, 'cause yo' strife don't mean a thing to me
Throwin' me criminal looks, y'all need to get in the books
And drop some water in your melon, 'stead of actin' like a felon
Ayo son, who you tellin'? I'd make a mil if it was up to me
But since it ain't, I teach my seed to bank hard
And thank God, I smoke a substance of a different kind
Catch me trippin' on earth when I'm high, sunshine

Down right to dirt, Wonder Why makes it work
With access to talent like Caucasians to yellow cabs with an Arab driver
I liven parties with marvellous conviction
Ain't no fiction when life claims them victims who be  some dried the funds
Best believe that the life is strife
'Cause the gun made a man outta pussies from around my way
Who usually wouldn't have a fuckin' thing to say
Last year's hard rocks are now petrified boulders
And L.I.'s finest is movin' yo' necks and shoulders
The anthem of this guy has a place in yo' eye
So you can be blessed to see in 3D double-E
De La is the crew that you must hear
But please don't rush the stage
'Cause even though them stakes are really high
We're really not here to race
We're just here to move your mind and soul
With perpetuated ease
It's just about the show until it's time to go
And get with the young ladies, because

Yo, when I first heard 3 Feet High and Rising, I was-2Embed
"If you will suck my soul
I will lick your funky emotions"

This is the stylin' for a title that sounds silly
But nothin' silly about the triflin' times of Millie
Millie a Brooklyn Queen originally from Philly
Complete with that accent that made her sound hillbilly
Around this time the slammin' joint was “Milk is Chillin'”
But even cooler was my social worker Dillon
Yeah I had a social worker 'cuz I had some troubles
Anyone who'd riff on me, I'd pop their dome like bubbles
He'd bring me to his crib to watch my favorite races
That's how his daughter Millie became one of my favorite faces
She had the curves that made you wanna take chances
I mean on her, man, I'd love to make advances
I guess her father must 'a got the same feelin'
I mean, actually findin' his own daughter Millie appealing
At the time no one knew but it was a shame
That Millie became a victim of the touchy-touchy game

Yo Millie, what's the problem, lately you've been buggin'
On your dookie earrings, someone must be tuggin'
You were a dancer who could always be found clubbin'
Now you're world renowned with the frown you're luggin'
Come to think your face look stink when Dill's around you
He's your father-what done happen-did he ground you?
You shouldn't flip on him 'cuz Dill is really cool
Matter of fact, the coolest elder in the school
He hooked up a trip to bring us all the Lacey
He volunteered to play old Santa Claus at Macy's
Child, ya got the best pops anyone could have
Dillon's cool, super hip, you should be glad
You might also like
Yeah, it seemed that Santa's ways were parallel with Dillon
But when Millie and him got home, he was more of a villain
While she slept in he crept inside her bedroom
And he would toss her and then would force her to give him head room
Millie tried real hard to let this hell not happen
But when she'd fuss, he would just commence the slappin'
(Yo Dillon man, Millie's been out of school for a week, man, what's the deal?)
I guess he was givin' Millie's bruises time to heal
Of course he told us she was sick and we believed him
And at the department store as Santa we would see 'em
And as he smiled, his own child was at home plottin'
How off the face of this earth she was gonna knock him
When I got home, I found she had tried to call me
My machine had kicked to her hey how ya doin' (sorry)
I tried to call the honey but her line was busy
I guess I'll head to Macy's and bug out on Dillon

I received a call from Misses Sick herself
I asked her how was she recoverin' her health
She said that what she had to ask would make it seem minute
She wanted to talk serious, I said, "go ahead-shoot"
She claimed I hit the combo dead upon the missile
Wanted to know if I could get a loaded pistol
That ain't a problem but why would Millie need one
She said she wanted her pops Dillon to heed one
Ran some style about him pushin' on her privates
Look honey, I don't care if you kick five fits
There's no way that you can prove to me that Dill's flip
He might breathe a blunt but ya jeans he wouldn't rip
You're just mad he's your overseer at school
No need to play him out like he's someone cruel
She kicked that she would go get it from somewhere else
Yeah, whatever you say, go for ya self
Macy's department store, the scene for Santa's kisses
And all the little brats demandin' all of their wishes
Time passes by as I wait for my younger brother
He asks his wish, I waste no time to return him back to Mother
As I'm jettin', Millie floats in like a zombie
I ask her what's her problem, all she says is "Where is he?"
I give a point, she pulls a pistol, people screamin'
She shouts to Dill, “He's off to hell cuz he's a demon!”
None of the kids could understand what was the cause
All they could see was a girl holdin' a pistol on Claus
Dillon pleaded mercy, said he didn't mean to
Do all the things that her mind could do nothing but cling to
Millie bucked him and with the quickness it was over3Embed
Don't walk out there with your hand open
Good things come to those who wait
She don't even care about who she is
She don't care about nothing and nobody
Because no class, no representation
My take on today's women
You've got so many different flavors
You've got so many different types
Give me the package deal
Can't go wrong with that
Knowing how to cook a good twenty-two pound ham
Whooty-who
Nothing like a tall six-foot-five woman
For a short man like me
To fill up a good waterbed
I'm only sixty-seven
I still got lot more time to find the right one
And you do need to find the right one

She move forward like proceed
Keep heads up like nosebleed
A piece of the East, from the North
But she off of the chain
So she cover all globally
Never be touched, so I'm holding
Bullets found a target
The gun know me
The past life bags from my memory
A fan of a large and i'm a member see
I give it to her like that fool
Sucker for love
Yeah I'm that dude
When she's on the wood
She give good oral
When I'm not with her
I get withdrawal
Lord
I'm half a man without a one to call
She claimed a mathin' man
She's a wonder-doll
She keep me floored
Pack an iron-snake on thirt(y) rims
She like the snake in her bird tail
I'm addicted by design, a fiend
If she ever try to cut me from her team
You might also like
Don't turn your back
When she's on that track
Watch out for that train-wreck
Cause when she come
You better watch your back
Watch out she's a train-wreck


She had me at Star-bucks
Sippin' frappuccino
I wanna grind on that coffee-bean
A couple cups of that joe is a pep-back
She'll be swinging on chandeliers
Baby got that skin
I can handle years
And I won't mind if she fucks asleep
Her mouth game is like Rap-A-Lot
Her Facebook say that she aim at this rap a lot
Online surfing for them beach boys
To bring the sand under her feet boys
She my rock bottom like last offers
Wouldn't write me off like the last offer
Even though she a bomb scare
I'm standing right here
I'm right here
Don't turn your back
When she's on that track
Watch out for that train-wreck
Cause when she come
You better watch your back
Watch out she's a train-wreck2Embed
Pain will make it better
Tell me how you feel
Look over your shoulder
Time will make it real
Give me no excuses
I know how ya feel
Pain will make it better
Pain will make it better
Pain will make it better

Let me see how many palms go up high
If you've ever felt the world had you licked (Put 'em up high)
And what you waving side to side to symbolize
Needing help on the sand put you under quick
Big mama said, "The Devil's up to no good"
But we can heal it on a Sunday with a good book (What?)
Or we can kill it on a Monday for a good look (And)
Make it part of the campaign, to withstand pain
Me, myself, place it all on my shoulders
And give it my all, like heavy lifting
No gain without tears and sweat
They claim blue skies with white clouds, steady drifting
When pain come to get ya, it hit ya like flu
Better times will pick ya, do what you gotta do
To earn focus in the stormy weather
Come out the tunnel to the light, saying
You might also like
Pain will make it better
Tell me how you feel
Look over your shoulder
Time will make it real
Give me no excuses
I know how ya feel
Pain will make it better
Pain will make it better
(I hear the people saying)
Pain will make it better
(I hear my people saying)
Pain will make it better

No wetter, four-letter, mo' better
Slow pain, no gain, go-getter
Change like the weather
Solid as a rock, small piece of leather but well put together
Flames are endeavors
Time to find out that gain makes it better
Pain makes it better
Shades of epiphany, can't let it get to me
Move so differently, do it so swiftly
Ease into my style, lay mine down
King be crowned, look at me now
Teaching my classes by the masses
Used to gang-bang, used to love the clashes
Now cash is the only motivation
But not for me, G, I’m into public relations
That's food for your De La Soul, word to the letter
Pain will make it better
Tell me how you feel
Look over your shoulder
Time will make it real
Give me no excuses
I know how ya feel
Pain will make it better
Pain will make it better
(I heard my nana say it, say it, yo)

The bigger the headache, bigger the pill
The harder you fall, stronger the will
We came from the back of the bus, talking Watts to Mobile
Now we're on a house on a hill
Struggle went from filling ya gas tank
The bank wasn't feeling your loan
The OT couldn't cover the bills
When life came with a couple of spills
But we're gon' use that pain for fuel, so

Give me no excuses
I know how ya feel
Pain will make it better
Pain will make it better
(I hear the people say)
Pain will make it better
(You hear my people saying)
Pain will make it better
(I hear the people say)
Pain will make it better
Pain will make it better
Pain will make it better
Pain will make it better
Your music means everything7Embed
It's the flies
They are so annoying
(Shut up you fool, she's here)
Ladies and gents
Crystal carrying pixie peasants and warriors
Elders, ancestors, sons and daughters
Lion hearted kings and everything in between
Take a seat, be witness

You consider 'em king, about to icing on cakes
Chariots cruise at tortoise speeds
Lay your bifocals on royalty
Longer than Sears catalogue
Stern like matadors and (factual, actual) LPs
Mirror the crimson tide
The color of the Rubics
Them duplex views got your nose up
But coozy up to this warmth though
That long term froze is up
The jawn is up
I get swallowed by the barracuda
Androids read raps off iPhones
I choke the blood out of felt tips
Heavy weights up to the front if the belt fits
The wealth is like ivory toothpicks
One out of each tusk
And must gets bust for each and every hiccup
Salute life when dawn breaks
Fawn colored faux mink lapels on these royalty capes
I repeat, salute life when dawn breaks
Fawn colored faux mink lapels around royalty capes
Royalty
You might also like
Behold this divine alignment scrolled secretly in cloud formations
Waterfall rhythms from crowns containing galaxies
Gems from past dimensions
A bond so strong it has unbreakable status
Spits hieroglyphic scripture like a god from Atlantis
(Atlantis,  Atlantis)

Us three be the omega like fish oil
This royal right we own, no rentals
Owners of the cape express
He went fresh from the mind, you ate off the plate of fundamentals
Knocked on every door of the country's red rugs
We'll lay on floors
We walk and etched in like testament
And find the atomic number 79
On Vernon's periodic table we dine upon
Sittin' on thrones gettin' blown to bits
By our royal dime, fillet of fine dinin'
News from the east sire
Them east coast kings are still findin' ways to stay on
On for play on like a damn disease
Spread the word of Ramses and fry up a pan of these
Salute dawn when day breaks
And give me my checks with the same first name as my cape
I repeat salute dawn when day breaks
And give me my checks with the same first name as the capes
Royalty
We are an army of stars unleashed
The sky takes notes when we speak
Our capes move with the wind
Because of the wings beneath
This is royalty
The sky takes notes when we speak
Our capes move with the wind
Because of the wings beneath
This is royalty
The sky takes notes when we speak
Our capes move with the wind
Because of the wings beneath
This is royalty (This is royalty)4Embed
Control
Control-alt
Shift-command
Commanding crowds
Crowd option
Vehicle option
Instrument enter
Quantity 17
Play back
Property of Spitkicker.com

Yo, a slow burn we are
Last long three-man act to wake up your thermostat
Blind through the property line
Creative minds crossover and back
Scribble with a knife to earn that slice of life
Cock back, aim, shot the name wherever the price is right
The pain earned is the pain learned, and heads talking like Byrne
Connect (to the same as it ever was)
Respect the land cause it never floods and well irrigated
Looking for my vanity, it's there, the mirror hate it
And stated, stop being an MC and give your verses more weight
By being just M-E, thoughts are oxidized when I spit em out
And my lungs prefer tastes, encrypted words laced to get them out home
With removal service to get kings out the throne
(More hands on) With hands upon the neck
Of a voice magnifier over decks
The sound is found at the youngs in the batch
Lovely how I let my mind float
You can catch me in the early morning
Find me up with no yawning
Haven't been asleep, I'm on cue
8 in the corner pocket from the booth all 24 hours like it was our debut
Life edited my etiquette
Dreams beyond your eons
You can't wait this out
Start blitz, starring it's that crew who never call the splits convey lines made from outer spines
So the nerve of us to be so damned crush
Grit like JDL and we sip from the grail
Where the current course connects, so we're not unsung
Just vets, this mission's undone
You might also like
We getting loot in this, you new to this
We true in this
Baby you already know who it is
We been doing this
We been doing this
Been true to this since Yoo-Hoos and tunafish
Catch flights, hit the stewardess
We been doing this
We been doing this

Yo, it's a honor and a pleasure
Rappers is not try to see me like a diamond tester
I'm on the low, I'm like a silent investor
Well dressed, my suit and vest is never polyester (never)
Keep a shottie on the dresser
My queen look like a young pepper
Up in her plump compress her
My tongue is forever under the weather, however
My heart was still lighter than a feather
Culturally, snort em like coca leaf
Them niggas suck more - no teeth
On the low though in my Polo tee
The show cost money but the promo's free
My pen collection is interesting
No steel, but still niggas will feel threatened
My genetics is comedic
Driven in lanes I was looking angelic
Psychedelic, if niggas like it I can sell it
But I don't fuck with that sweet shit, I'm diabetic
This is rapping at its peak
Your bird's steady yapping at the beat
Of a parakeet
You're not unique, you're no Kool Keith
Shit is more parrot-y (parody)
To get with the illa rhyme distributor
A verse might run you a year's salary
We getting loot in this, you new to this
We true in this
Baby you already know who it is
We been doing this
We been doing this
Been true to this since Yoo-Hoos and tunafish
Catch flights, hit the stewardess
We been doing this
We been doing this

Yo, put that bread on all fours The Catcher in the Rye
New York City lights look better in July
4th, no fireworks will dangle in the sky
Like right there, feeling the night air
Promoting the fair fight
Square dance, men at the faceoff
Crooked eye letters from Madoff apologizing
Long journeys walking cold hard facts
Once you turn up there, there's no turning back
From Rock Co.Kane Flows to flows that are crack
In the hemline, versus on the land muddied your man
The hard work you threw on the scale, damn
I'm Joe Pesci on the Dish, so messy on the disk
Puerto Rican mamis call me "flapi"
Leap a tall feeling in a single bound
Way over your head like my ex-girl talking bout mind sex
(Well you're a dickhead)
Two ticks away from aww shit
Cause I'm an old fart
Go campaign DAISY Age
Dave fresh like a pound of sage
Decorate the paramount figures
Watch the way they crown the stage
Sipped Crown but I was down in age
See the sailor took a sip, saw the whole ship drowned in grey
Classmates couldn't find a page
Had the answers written in my palm ever since promise paid
We getting loot in this, you new to this
We true in this
Baby you already know who it is
We been doing this
We been doing this
Been true to this since Yoo-Hoos and tunafish
Catch flights, hit the stewardess
We been doing this
We been doing this
L.I., nigga
L.I., baby
Pimp  Amityville
Yo, it's an honor and a pleasureEmbed
Shadow you're drawn, why don't you go?
In the corner babe watching the snow
Moving afar, rolling away
You weren't the one believe, now won't you stay?
Won't you stay, babe?
Won't you stay, babe?

Oh, I never know what come around
I never looked ahead
I'm wreckin' rules and it's pulling us down
The words I wished I'd said
Shadow you're drawn and you got your ways
Shadow you're painted red, red

Moving afar, moving away
You weren't the one believe, now won't you stay?
Won't you stay, babe?
Won't you stay, babe?

It's drawn
It's drawn
It's drawn (Three little thoughts come swirling out)
It's drawn (Time to move on, to move on, to time)
It's drawn (Three little thoughts come swirling out)
It's drawn (Time to move on, to move on, to time)
It's drawn (Three little thoughts come swirling out)
It's drawn (Time to move on, to move on, to time)
It's drawn (Three little thoughts come swirling out)
It's drawn (Time to move on, to move on, to time)
It's drawn (Three little thoughts come swirling out)
(Time to move on, to move on, to time)
You might also like
One, two
Yo, I’m what the paper plate couldn’t hold
Too many dreams, a paperweight took a toll
Food on the floor, not to be wasted
Or doing what’s being pasted and know that it’s not a copy
Eye on the prize, instead of gas prices
Lyrically wonder why I travel past the nicest
Born of a generation that don't generate patience
And travel too fast for you to clock me
Not always a good thing
You can lose the love of your life through a lifetime of love on tour
I didn't mean to be a whore but my hormones
Had me like a fiend screamin' "What you got for me?"
Two words (I'm mortal)
But the fans slid 'em both together and removed the apostrophe
"Hip hop lords"? Maybe, but my ways needs laundering
Time's a-ticking, stop squandering!5Embed
And in from the door steps a dumbass, struts the fool's gold
Know-it-all, and you wear it well
Funk-less in full-length
Too square to stand for anything
Somebody get that man a chair

No matter where you opt to sit
The opposite-attract law don't fit
Repel even the docile, always showing your nostrils
Got 'em hostile, the way you're so uppity
'Til someone barks on ya, you get puppy feet
Quite a laugh, 'cause you don't know half
But act like you own the whole puzzle
And everyone allegedly under you, begging just to guzzle
From your fountain of fresh (Hashtag), fuck outta here
They'd rather stay clear, roll up the papers and pass
While you turn your nose from the smell like Stanley on Friday
Saying we should stay off the grass
As if the lines you sniff is more healthy
Delusions of prestige is not where the health be
B, you need to get it together
But nah, here comes you, part Frank Drebin
Part Mr. Magoo, stay stepping into trouble
Oh so sadiddy when you're repping for your bubble
But bubbles can get popped, exposed to reality
Watch the words that drop, there's not enough salary
To cover the check before you're behind on cash
People can see you coming like 9/11 ash
Toxic 'til your last days, and with your shady maneuvers
No one will include you where they ass stays
You might also like
Behold your royal highness of sinus
It's near a hundred miles of running 'cause your nose needs plumbin'
Captain Nose-dive reporting for duty on the good ship Handkerchief
All aboard
And that goes for you too, Nostril-damus
He who knows nose
And from the from the rooty to the tooty, he defines snooty
Somebody asked me the other day is the brother a brother
Is Kleenex white?
Yeah, I see that

Like you got one eye on top of your third
A star is born but who's claimin' that birthright?
At first sight you the well-dressed Park Ave sachet
Acclimated to the scent of your own tail (The bullshit)
The same bull that rage when the buck stops
You'll be walkin' on clouds, but that's a smoke machine
See, your dineros can't buy bliss, you high fist then
Turn into you flippin' the bird
And every man under your wing
You build your nest egg, but you was spoiled rotten
Forgotten you can get robbed of your fame
Beak out like pelicans
You relishin' the fact that you stand feet from stardom
You bargain astonishin' antiques in this modern way of livin'
So tight and not a half size forgivin'
You takin' the piss, you got a butler in duplex
Them two Tecs and our God won't protect ya
Can't stay in them white gloves for too long, Mr. Handyman
Canaries don't chirp in your candy land
Give them motherfuckin' pigeons a hug
And then he strolls through the valley of dark
Nincompoop, simpleton
Stranger to his own father
Seldom down to get down
'Cause it never stays up
Well, I'm yours, son
We talkin' up there like a satellite
Species
Canis lupus, unfamiliar
What's happening, dog?
You smell more like pig to me

Be careful with your nose, bro
Be careful with your nose, bro
Be careful with your nose, bro
Be careful with your nose, bro1Embed
Your music means everything to you
Are you concerned about the status of your playlist and precious collection?
We feel you, and we're here to help
Have no fear, De La Soul is here

Hi, I'm Dave
And for the last couple of months
I've been waiting for every new album release in every genre
But all I've been hearing is garbage
I'm just not satisfied
Can somebody help me?

Well Actually Dave, there's nobody
The Anonymous Nobody
Providing comprehensive substance
For you and your loved ones
We offer peace you of mind
Knowing your investment
In our music lasts a lifetime

After I got my copy of the Anonymous Nobody, I felt amazing
I mean, my ears are glowing!
You might also like
Sign up today, and receive your 16 handcrafted songs sure to inspire and move you

Fuck! I can't stop dancing!
Watch me nae nae

Call us at 222-2222
Where an agent awaits to help you
De La Soul and the Anonymous Nobody
We're here for you

Ooh watch me, watch me
Ooh watch me, watch me

You go Dave1Embed
Narrator: Hello boys and girls. Welcome to your De La Soul read-along storybook! When you hear this sound... (Ding) that means turn the page. And now we begin our exciting adventure of De La Soul is Dead (Ding)
Girls: Oh my God, Vanilla Ice, oh oh. He's so fly! The boy is slamming, did you see his body? Yes, yes! And his dancing! That boy is slamming! He can dance too! He could, he can dance better than any rapper I ever seen! And plus his dancing! I'm just saying!
Yeah baby! He's so jammin'! (Ding)
Jeff: Yo, what's up?
Girls: Yo, Jeff, where you been, man?
Jeff: Yo, guess what I just found, I just found a De La Soul tape in the garbage
Girls: For real? Let's hear it!
Jeff: Naw! No!
Girls: Aww, be like that!
(Ding)
Bully: What's up, cocksnot? How ya doing, buddy?
Girls: Cocksnot? You gonna let him call you that? Sucker!
Jeff: Leave me alone! Don't touch me! Don't touch me!
Girls: What do we have here? What do we have here, buddy?
Jeff: Nothing!
Bully: Listen, you little Arsenio Hall gum having punk!
Girls: Oooh! You let him call you Arsenio! Oooh!
Bully: I want the tape!
Jeff: It's mine!
(Punching sounds)
Girls: Oh, he played you! Jeff's getting played! Jeff! Jeff! Bodyslam him, Jeff!
(Ding)
Bully: Now! I've got the new De La Soul tape! Hey dicksnot, buttcrust, get over here!
Minion No. 2: What's up baby?
Bully: I just got this De La Soul tape, man. Slamming. Where's the box? The box!
Minion No. 1: So, yo, let's get with this shillznohillznobillznoi!
Minion No. 2: I got the bidox, let's do this like Brutus!
(Ding)
Narrator: ...28. For those who have all four answers correct, you will receive our specially selected Grand Prize. Thanks, and goodnight, for 3 Feet High and Rising, this is Don NewkirkYou might also likeEmbed
Fresh from a bible belt town
That's what she's givin' up
Not really livin', just flesh comin' off a greyhound
That's what he think of her
Right at a blink of an eye he provides her with charm
Hides that he is a shark
Suggests a few apartments, never hints to the home
That's what he wanna do
She just wanna new zip code for an old dream
Lost in an appetite now the Big Apple might
Find her habit of a queen
Filled her an ego that's filled with illegal maps
Road Destination unknown
She's Little Bo Peep
And her and her whole sheep gonna have their wool unsewn
Now the wolf give a push
Now watch her jump in with two feet
Blue heat don't know how to swim through the limbs
Everyone huggin' her, tuggin' her
Ride on the merry-go-round of four drinks and two white lines
Go fast with the fast life so she needs more
One fun fix, now a daily chore
Provide the score, written and produced so perverse
He's a pro well versed
Told her that the purse that she want
With the shoes that she love and the rent that she need paid
She can earn with speed in a day
Escort on the high class side
Champagne glass rides
White snow waterfalls, oh how time flies
When you're flyin', crash and burn
She learned that her soul was dyin'
That's worth savin'
She's cravin' that bible belt town
So she crawls back on the Greyhound
You might also like
Next stop, NYC
Take your seats please
I know exactly where you're goin', I can see it on your face
I know how to get there
And I give you my word that I get you there safe
I don't need to check your baggage
I don't need to know your name
All I need to know is
By the time you arrive, you'll forever be changed

Fresh new Gucci belt, bound
Fast to the city scape
Dash to deliver fate
Stashed in this duffel bag, proud
It's no scaredy cat
Life's always spared him that hand
That the gamblers fold
No chips if the scramble got cold
But them warm cushions and them soft bus seats
Push that second thought along
Beneath the roof of a Super 8, he sleeps till it's night time
Then connects in the streets like a pipe line
In dark shades he supplies dark brigades
Of lost souls with his chemical morsels
He's no lab tech
He was born into a legacy stretched from Aztecs and beyond
Assets he was drawn to
Had him spinnin' the wool over his mother's eye
He's the black sheep
His pops career driven, he's the backseat
The man on the wheel that cruises on sunrise
That the man bought eyes to his pay per view
Kind of paper make a fool shoot his staple through
And tape a label to
Until he's can bait
Until a pancake pocket's change the landscape
Take a short visit home in the town
It's time to re-up, it's back on the Greyhound
Next stop, NYC
Take your seats please
I know exactly where you're goin', I can see it on your face
I know how to get there
And I give you my word that I get you there safe
I don't need to check your baggage
I don't need to know your name
All I need to know is
By the time you arrive, you'll forever be changed

By the time you arrive, you'll forever be changed
By the time you arrive, you'll forever be changed
Forever be changed, forever be changed
So watch where you're goin'
And this food you're chosin'
I don't need to check your baggage
I don't need to know your name
All I need to know is
By the time you arrive you'll forever be changed
Forever be changed, be changed
You'll forever be changed
3Embed
But then they all started talking
They were talking about love being gone
In my house
They said that there ain't much left to love
Well, there's always something to love if you're familiar enough to recognize it
I mean have you cried for anything lately?
And I don't mean for your friends or your bills or yourself
I mean for this!
When do you think it's time to love something the most, child?
When it's successful and done made everything easy for us, huh? Psh!
Uh-uh, that ain't the time at all
It's when it's reached its lowest and you don't believe in it anymore
And the world done kicked it and its tail enough that it's lost itself!
Yes, that's when
When nobody cares
That's right
NobodyYou might also like1Embed
And it's so easy to fall back to the memory of
And it's easy to recall the good and fall into place
But you're not easy to love
I love the memory of...
I remember your face, I remember your way

I remember you now
Part of my existence
I remember your face
You came in and got me
All in a day
Yeah, all in a day
I remember your lips
Do you remember the taste?
Remember family names
Your child, my child, our child
Whitley and Dwayne
Different to my world now
Remember the ways
You gripped my hips so tight now?
Slow up the pace
Maybe erase, don't remember my waist

Cause it's so easy to fall back to the memory of
And it's easy to recall the good and fall into place
But you're not easy to love
I love the memory of...
I remember your face, I remember your way
You might also like
How could I forget?
A ballad was born upon a demo of a fly love song
Didn't take long before the archer with the wings heard it
Shot us in the heart with a contract, he knew we were a hit
The right amount of soul with a parallel amount of grit
But the archer couldn't see the target of departure
Gave in your pink slip and called it quits
It's understood you would
Label me the mate who wronged you
Cause I kept wanting to feature
With them other females on they songs too
Your words spoken in mono for monogamy
Telling me I had to go cause I chose
Stereo for stereo typical male biology
And now I'm left setting traps
For you to fall in for me again
Who hates you to tell me
"Slow up the pace, maybe erase, don't…"

Slow up the pace
Maybe erase, don't remember my waist

Cause it's so easy to fall back to the memory of
And it's easy to recall the good and fall into place
But you're not easy to love
I love the memory of...
Our last trip to Vegas had me feeling like we had a chance
But chance just showed up at the wedding
I guess I didn't read the heading
"Forgivin' won't erase the bitter past"
But I ain't up for kissing ass
I bought you everything your pretty feet could fit in
Put you behind the finest steering wheels
Fearing you would drive a nigga crazy
Told you grow up, but shit, you was my baby
Bits and pieces never made nothing decent
When I accommodated you, you played me like a stranger

I remember you now (Accountability is major)
A part of what I did then
Remember your face
Just don't let me trip over memory lane
Cause time can't be replaced
And I don't want to stay

Cause, oh, it's so easy to fall back to the memory of
And it's so dah-dah-dee-dah
Dah-dah-dah-dah-dee-dah
It's so easy to fall
In dah-dah-dah-dah-dee-dah
Remember your way
Remember your way
It's De La featuring Estelle
With the Soul Brother Pete Rock4Embed
Beach boy bonanza, sunrise, get up
Surfin' on a curb from inception of a set-up
Planet in black granite, halos above it
The autopsy can't top me, beloved
Dissect survival, passed on a whisper
Placed on the mother who shunned, now it's the
Boys who shot joy inside the violent
Heil from New York where them Rs is silent

This is for the bottom of the deck (Yo, who got squad?)
They call this nigga Little Cochise ('Cause he's a engine, baby)
I rev it like Run, the squint in the sun
I bet you bottom dollar I get louder than a bomb
A pH balance, son, I walk the phenom
Like tightrope, might throw dope in the stash

Crooked counterfeits (We keep it straight cash)
Crooked counterfeits (Keep it straight cash)
Crooked counterfeits (Keep it straight cash)
Crooked counterfeits (Straight cash)

Cash
Cash
You're a peanut with a cashewYou might also likeEmbed
- Here come the mic dude, so just walk
Hey guys I got your mics
- About time
- What up man?
Who's mic one?
- That's me
And mic two?
- Thanks
- Let's go
Let me get this door for you
Good luck guys
One two, one two
(Hey) Yo Mase, you ready?
Mase is ready!
Yo y'all ready
Yeah they ready
We bout to burn this shit down

Yo, there's a fire in the kitchen, it's like nine cooks
The Kool-Aid got spiked with porcupines, look
Rode into Rigo, this ain't a fast track
Your tickets ain't straight, TSA your ass back
NASDAQ, IBM, the big honcho on the block
Bitch, I be him
The rock Megadeth, we gonna kill the king
Fuck everyone, bitch, bring everything
Swing like a mandolin, this ain't a sex toy
This ain't spanish fly, this hot shit
Push the dagger in the devil's eye
Slick Rick, yo, get the big dick, yo
Blow the dust covers, pick the age on it
A nose full, sniff a Rose Bowl full
New game, new players, new year
The hardest rock shit you gon' hear
You might also like
You can save your soul
If we are no more
Suffer the consequences
We are the way the Lord intended

Her ass, she got it from her momma
Tits from the doctor
Fingers fiddelin' the puss
She looks like an Octa
Fresh off the pole, hanging from her hook
I'm in her Grassy Knoll to hit
Just to say that I cocked her (click, click)
My hardware is progressive
My sex crime language is leaning on obsessive
The Lord looking down, judging, the room needs smudging
But I'm over your stars screaming "the moon ain't budging"
Ain't from Hollis, don't need to tell you who is
But who in here raisin' hell? They be like "you, kid"
I’m ambidextrous, liken to Dexter
Murderous lyrical blood splatter over the texture
We live by that code, not to regret living
Electric guitar sparks and ignites gun powder
A sabbath ain't black enough to call my bluff, bitch
The kill switch just turns it louder
You can save your soul
If we are no more
Suffer the consequences
We are the way the Lord intended

Fuck everyone
Burn everything
Leaving an impression, not just a dented legacy
Fuck everyone
Burn everything you see
Not just clinging to the planet
Powerless to avoid the cataclysmic impact of a massive asteroid
(Fuck everyone, burn everything)
Fuck everyone, burn everything
Never to surrender to the cosmic schadenfreude
Of only meeting your creator on the day you are destroyed
(Fuck everyone, burn everything)
Just as the Lord intended
(Just as the Lord intended)
(Fuck everyone, burn everything)
(Fuck everyone, burn everything)
(Fuck everyone, burn everything)
Burn everything
(Fuck everyone, burn everything)
Burn everything
(Fuck everyone, burn everything)1Embed
Da da da da
Once upon a time for the minute by the shape of the hour
The unify finds divide in the power-U
He talk us in and to work its way in and devour you whole
We all know the power do
Damsel in distress she's not
She lay a muzzle on a jigzaw puzzle
Meaning she's a straight shooter
Shoot it straight in your vein
Leave your heart all tattered up
Own the blame
She lives by the name of a sexy bitch
The scratch to my itch, touch capability
Angelic lips, devilish hips
That manage to make a sandwich of a power utility
You feeling me?

Ey yo yo, what's up lady? what up?
Ey yo, come here for a minute, come here
Oh, you ain't gonna stop for me? Word? Bitch!
- Should have never did that, at least not to this one
Man that bitch wasn't even trying to holla at me
- It don't work that way, baby
I mean, I look good man
Man, that ass fat
- You just can't look so dusty
What?
- In my days you gotta be versatile, you know
Versatile, huh? So what do you suggest I do next time, old man?
- Don't even look, don't waste your time, babyYou might also likeEmbed
Your music means everything to you

Bullet bring the gun, why pull it?
Shoot words to see who's full of it
We from the same place, land of the game face
Plug signs on the jackets
Give props, yo, like a Prop Joe package
It's illegal
How those kids can come from out of the slums and live so regal
Lose it all on a prayer to the ego
Before the loss we earn for the cause
Toast to the life though my liver won't endorse
Currently in time and my enzymes
Are in sync to digest the brink of Armageddon
The bedding's over the mattress we lay with the actress
For social media to swallow us
Watch them rap peers who don't reply back
'Cause they think we gonna snatch up their Twitter followers
That's some female type foolery
And your females like glue to it
She know it, the scent of a poet
Police buy restraint to cover all the angles
The opera of operations
Scene One got you and your crew all confident with courage
We'll be there, jump in your square, wreck it
You be like "Check it, they stretched the shit into rectangles, damn!"
You might also like
Dance, freak, get out your seat
Show me that you is a real whoodeeni
Get loose y'all, work it out now
Everybody, everybody get down (Yuh)
Whoodeeni, whoodeeni, whoodeeni (2 Chainz)

Born institutionalized
My homie from N.O. found his crib with the roof on the side
FEMA askin' for an address, but ain't no mailbox
Nothin' left to do out here but to sell rocks (Yeah)
Now they got cellphones inside of the cell blocks (Yeah)
And my cousin on parole 'cause he sold Glocks
My cousin that sold stock
Told you we have more soul than James Brown
Wearing a gold watch that obviously don't work
Used to go home and rob niggas for homework
See if the chrome work
Might call your girl to see if my phone work (Ooh)
I'm a hood star, and the trophy's a gold 'vert
Mouth full of gold teeth
Niggas might end up obsolete if I'm four deep (Fire)
Real nigga for real, bed full of new sheets
Bedroom floor filled up with the loose-leafs (Money)
This is a war zone, me and a two-piece
Put another head on and make it a new piece (Tell 'em)
She be like, "Ooh wee," I be like "Ooh wee"
I love myself so much I'm a groupie (Damn)
Everybody know my verses is Pookie
Had 'em all strung out like it's a drug house
When I'm in the booth I'm MJ with his tongue out (Ooh)
When I'm in the booth I'm Kanye with a gun out (Fire)
Run in your mom house
Then I'ma lean sideways and burn out (Ahh)
All natural, I hope you got the perm out, whoa
I been straightened that shit
New niggas came and tried to hate on that shit
I'ma use it now, I ain't waiting on shit
Dance, freak, get out your seat
Show me that you is a real whoodeeni
Get loose y'all, work it out now
Everybody, everybody get down
Whoodeeni, whoodeeni, whoodeeni

Yo, big drawers, where the big drawers at?
I got a case of the little head controlling the big head thinkin' (Yeah)
Played Honest Abe in the back of a Lincoln
Chopped down a cherry, American Pie varied
Next day she was on my Snapchat sexting
Had her bunny-hopping a quick ten seconds
Dear Lord, forgive a nigga, I've been down with doubt
Had the frog legs, now I'mma knock this piggy out (Err)
Now Dave like to cuddle, but Dave don't play that (Nope)
Like Dave had the ring—listen, Dave ain't say that (Nah)
Courtships to door steps for gettin' ass
And if it's one of my broads, keep your feet off the grass
Size-eleven the gas, mash that potato 'til we lay in the grass
She mellow like it's a picnic
If she the mermaid, give her the fish stick
First class flight, shoot her out to the district
Wait, cancel the stallion, hold your horses
Kickstart your life and cut your losses (Cut your losses)
Look how we did 'em, ma, your boy still got it
I quit drinking, I quit the narcotics
Life's a bitch, but she's seeing a therapist
This hip-hop done really took care of us, huh?
We got stoops and Van der Rohes to sit on (Yep)
Bitcoins, Vivian Maiers to bid on (Yup)
But we cautious
Never undermine the hate and turn the spell on your evil forces (It works)
But this ain't the cha-cha two-step (Jerk)
Been a rider ever since the Schwinn gooseneck
The buck stops here, ain't no "Who's next?"
Dance, freak, get out your seat
Show me that you is a real whoodeeni
Get loose y'all, work it out now
Everybody, everybody get down
Whoodeeni, whoodeeni, whoodeeniEmbed
In a hundred years from now
We will not recognize this place
The dollar store is filled with love
The parking lot is full of grace
Now, judges put their snoopies on
With glorious and true restraint
A child is gonna rule them all
Said the prophets of the human race

Hey now, can you picture yourself
Hey now, in the physical sense
Hey now, a subcutaneous thing
Hey now, like a mother and father

Pan Am trips, circa 76, the Ritz
Papa hit the belt, to pick up at the JFK
I judge nothing, I let her know, AFK
I'm off the front porch and the front screen
Two shocks on my back, the wise look mean
They told me slow down, baby, but I'm a lummox
The 8-ball said, Dave, you in the wrong lot
Move like sloth, cut cloth with new scissors
You thinking too big, I call Nell Carter
Somebody give me a break, the clutch tore up
You put both hands up, I put four up
Can't teach a fast dog how to stand still
Mano e mano it's the hand to hand still
Somebody give me a break, the clutch went out
Tags slap hands, I'm about to man out
Can't teach 'em at the morgue how to stand still
See y'all tomorrow for the man to man
Ma-ma-ma-man to man
You might also like
Now that was all so long ago
See the babies, they are running wild
If you get too close, they run away
So tonight we better stay inside
So whenever things don't go my way
I simply put my snoopies on
I'll share them with you, I don't mind
Let me be your microphone

Hey now, can you picture yourself
Hey now, in the physical sense
Hey now, a subcutaneous thing
Hey now, like a mama and papa

Will I ever get tired of this
Will I ever get turned around
Will I ever get over you
Give me a break now, the clutch went out
Will I ever go back again
Will I ever get used to me
Will I ever be smart enough
How do I know if I'm totally clean?
It's the elastic youth, coming to size up your plastic troop
Keep a pot of caution, boil it in the hot
I wonder why, so why not
Move like a used car and you get used up wherever you are
So they say me and my crew get it new all day
Couple of shots of calamity
But don't mess with the gram to be sniffed
Too messy for the ego, when you come crashing
There ain't no airbag to dash in and catch ya
She goes down and I look down
She looks up, I don't know what to say
Yo, do that shit, yo, do that shit
But she already done done it anyway
But yo, do understand under the man
Lies another line set of value, open a shape
So when I'm speeding too fast, it don't match the brake
(Car braking hard)1Embed
'Cause we're still here now
'Cause we're still here now
'Cause we're still here now
Yeah, we're still here now
We're still

Basic or Asic
I ain't tryna waste this
Took a long time cryin', cryin' ain't a crime
I got my mom, she passed away, my daddy ain't alive
Before they murdered Fudge I prayed for more time
Had y'all on my mind all week
I missed the last
They say a better tomorrow is to sacrifice the calf
Keep that cow in the pasture, knife in the drawer
It's been a long 40 days, it's gonna take 40 more
Make it through losin' love, sorta like rocket fuel
I made the limits, I thought that I run the gas out
When you took your last breath, I only passed out
Laid in the better place but that left me ass out
Hearin' that voice goin' dependent on memory
Space is vacant now and I need that energy
Fake to perfection flesh, I should be thankful
From neck to ankle I'm physically spent
You might also like
'Cause we're still here now
'Cause we're still here now
'Cause we're still here now
Yeah, we're still here now
We're still

Dreams
Out of eternal dreams comes delusion
(Cause we're still here now)
Ride into our teaser Rolls-Royce, brown
You silver shadow yeah
(We're still)
Order now beers and wine and if the bar stool's empty
(Cause we're still here now)
And time is a dogma you can't escape
You can't escape, you can't escape
You think you know it, careful what you search for
Stare it in the face
(We're still)
Seasick on Pacific swell
I did it to myself
Stare it in the face
Next day radiant blue
How you gonna recognize it?
Think he cried more than me
How you gonna let go?
Just lookin' at, starin' at his face
How, how, how, how will you ever know?
Just lookin' at, starin' at his face
How will you ever know?
Think he cried more than me
Starin' at his face
Hey, ah, How will you ever know?
Starin' at his face
(Out here the only one)
How will you ever know?
How will you ever know?
Starin' at his face

Instead, I hear your voice
I hear your voice
With me
With the way
Gone for now but here to stay
But here to stay
I will always place your memory
For now1Embed
It's the years that we own and we earned them
See the bridges we built now are burned down
Even though a few friends just returned them
Shit and shit there we affirm them
Though the pattern has always been righteous
We know darkness
So we wipe dust
From our eyes, no surprise when the broom come
We do night like the honor, the moon, sun
People think we are linked to the solving
Of the problem that's revolvin'
Around music today but it's not true
We just do it our way cause we're not you
But we know you
We embrace you like brothers, bestow you
With an outro that's also an intro
For the east, and the west, and the central

It's the years that we own and we earned them
See the bridges we built now are burned down
Even though a few friends just returned them
Shit and shit there we affirm them
But the pattern has always been righteous
We know darkness
So we wipe dust
From our eyes, no surprise when the broom come
We do night like the honor, the moon, sun
People think we are linked to the solving
Of the problem that's revolvin'
Around music today but it's not true
We just do it our way cause we're not you
But we know you
We embrace you like brothers, bestow you
With an outro that's also an intro
For the east, and the west, and the central
You might also like
It's the years that we own and we earned them
See the bridges we built now are burned down
Even though a few friends just returned them
Shit and shit there we affirm them
Go the path and as always the righteous
We know darkness
So we wipe dust
From our eyes, no surprise when the broom come
We do night like the honor, the moon, sun
People think we are linked to the solving
Of the problem that's revolvin'
Around music today but it's not true
We just do it our way cause we're not you
But we know you
We embrace you like brothers, bestow you
With an outro that's also an intro
For the east, and the west, and the central

We are the present, the past and still the future. Bound by friendship, fueled and inspired by what's at stake. Saviors, heroes? Nah. Just common contributors hopin' that what we created inspires you to selflessly challenge and contribute. Sincerely, anonymously, nobody1Embed
Greetings girl and welcome to my world of phrase
I'm right up to bat
It's a D.A.I.S.Y. Age and you're about to walk top-stage
So wipe your Lottos on the mat
Hip-hop love this is and don't mind when I quiz your
Involvements before the sun
But clear your court 'cause this is a one-man sport
And who's better for this than Plug One? (Plug One)
Now don't worry about me squashin' other deals
'Cause they've already been squooshed
Freeze a frame about moods the same which we can continue
Right behind the bush
You'll stay with me, I know this
But not because of all my Earthly treasures
Or regardless to the fact that I'm Posdnuos
But because

I know I'll love you better

May I cut this dance to introduce myself as
The chosen one to speak?
Let me lay my hand across yours
And aim a kiss upon your cheek
The name's Plug Two (Is Plug Two)
And from the soul I bring you
The Daisy of your choice
May it be filled with the pleasure principle
In circumference to my voice
About those other Jennys I reckoned with
Lost them all like a homework excuse
This time the Magic Number is two
'Cause it takes two, not three, to seduce
My destiny of love is brought to an apex
Sex is a mere molecule
In this world of love that I have for you
It's true (True)
You might also like
I know I'll love you better

Now it's time to let this rhyme style
Get somewhat poured in the mold
Hold my hand and we'll pick my plantation
Of Daisies for a bouquet of Soul (Soul)
Life will begin at the cut of a rim
Take it as filled to the rim as in brim
Squeeze your stoop like Betty Boop
We'll make Campbell's Alphabet Soup
And spell Plug One's within
Forward march is the say
When transistors will play
Come into bed is the mood
Dolby sound will be then top crowned
When I put the needle into your groove
I got a good thing
And in full swing (In full swing)
I show this in gifts, words or letters
But even without those three
I know you'll be close to me 'cause

I know I'll love you better
It's I again, and the soul that I send
Is taking steps to reach your heart
Any moment you feel alone
I can fill up your empty part
We can ascend 'til we reach De La Heaven
And in a spin we'll hit the Top Ten
Then we can meet Mr. Stuckie
And Pos' brother Lucky will preach
"Let the wedding begin" (The wedding begin)
Shot by an arrow of cupid
Through the string of a G-clef
My dear, I claim you're deaf
And if you can hear me, by golly gee
Trugoy is ready for what you possess
We could live in my Plug Two home
And on Mars where we could be all alone
And we make a song for two
Picture perfect things and I sing of how

I know I'll love you better7Embed
Vibe, vibrations
Stakes is high
You know them stakes is high
When we talkin' 'bout the vibe, vibrations
Stakes is high
You know them stakes is high
We be talkin' 'bout vibe, vibrations
Stakes is high
You know them stakes is high

The instamatic focal point bringin' damage to your borough (Uh-huh)
Be some brothers from the East with them beats that be thorough
Got the solar gravitation, so I'm bound to pull it
I gets down like brothers are found duckin' from bullets (Word)
Gun control means usin' both hands in my land (Yeah)
Where it's all about the cautious livin' (Uh-huh)
Migratin' to a higher form of consequence
Compliments of strugglin' that shouldn't be notable
Man, every word I say should be a Hip-Hop Quotable

I'm sick of bitches shakin' asses
I'm sick of talkin' 'bout blunts, sick of Versace glasses
Sick of slang, sick of half-ass awards shows
Sick of name-brand clothes (Word)
Sick of R&B bitches over bullshit tracks (Heard)
Cocaine and crack, which brings sickness to blacks
Sick of swoll'-head rappers with they sickenin' raps
Clappers of gats, makin' the whole sick world collapse
The facts are gettin' sicker, even sicker, perhaps (Sicker, perhaps)
I Stickabush to make a bundle to escape this synapse
You might also like
Man, life can get all up in your ass, baby, you better work it out (Haha, haha)
Now let me tell you what it's all about (Uh-huh)
A skin not considered equal
A meteor has more right than my people
Who be wastin' time screamin' who they've hated (Word)
That's why the Native Tongues has officially been reinstated

Vibe, vibrations
Yeah
Stakes is high (Higher than high)
You know them stakes is high (Higher than high)
When we talkin' 'bout vibe, vibrations
Stakes is high (Higher than high)
Y'all know them stakes is high
When we dealin' with the vibe, vibrations
Stakes is high
Man, them stakes is high (Ayo, what about that love?)

Yo, it's about love of cars, love of funds
Lovin' to love mad sex, lovin' to love guns
Love for opposite, love for fame and wealth
Love for the fact of no longer lovin' yourself, kid (Uh-huh)
We livin' in them days of the man-made craze where every aspect is vivid (Word)
These brothers no longer talk shit, ayo, these niggas live it
'Bout to give it to you 24/7 on the microphone
Plug One translatin' the zone (Plug One, Plug One, y'all)
No offense to a player, but, yo, I don't play
Nigga take offense, fuck it, got to be that way (What's up? What's up? What's up?)
JD Dove, show your love, what you got to say?
I say G's are makin' figures at a high regard
And niggas dyin' for it nowadays ain't odd (It ain't odd)
Investin' in fantasies and not God (What?)
Welcome to reality, see, times is hard
People try to snatch the credit, but can't claim the card
Showin' out in videos, sayin' they costarred (Ayo)
See, shit like that'll make your mama cry (Yeah)
Better watch the way you spend it 'cause the stakes is high (Word up)

You know them stakes is high (Uh-huh)
When you're dealin' with the vibe, vibrations
Stakes is high (Come on)
Man, them stakes is high (Check it)

I think that smilin' in public is against the law (What?)
'Cause love don't get you through life no more
It's who you know and, "How you, son?"
And how you gettin' in, and who the man holdin' heat, yo
And how was the skins, and how high
Yo, what up, huh? I heard you caught a body
Seem like every man and woman shared a life with John Gotti
But they ain't organized
Mixin' crimes with life enzymes
Takin' the big scalp route
And niggas know doubt better than they know they daughters and they sons (Oh, boy)
Yo, people go through pain and still don't gain
Positive contact, just like my main man
Who got others cleanin' up his physical and fluids (Uh-huh)
His mind got congested, he got the nine and blew it
Neighborhoods are now hoods 'cause nobody's neighbors
Just animals survivin' with that animal behavior (Damn)
Under I who be rhymin' from dark to light sky (Sky)
Experiments where needles and skin connect (Yeah)
No wonder where we live is called the projects
When them stakes is high, you damn sure try
To do anything to get the piece of the pie
Electrify, even die for the cash
But at last, you be out even though you wantin' more
This issue is closed like an elevator door
But soon reopened once we get to the next floor, where the (What's that? Uh, the—)

Vibe, vibrations
Stakes is high (Higher than high)
You know them stakes is high
When you dealin' with the vibe, vibrations
Stakes is high (Higher than high)
Stakes is high (Come on)
Vibe, vibrations26Embed
Yee! Yee!
*Balloon inflating and popped*
Stickabush… Stickabush… Stickabush… Stickabush
(It might blow up, but it won’t go pop)
Stickabush… Stickabush…
(It might blow up, but it won’t go pop)
Stickabush… Stickabush...
(It might blow up, but it won’t go pop)
Stickabush… Stickabush…
(It might blow up, but it won’t go pop)
Stickabush… Stickabush
(It might blow up, but it won’t go pop)
Stickabush… Stickabush…
(It might blow up, but it won’t go pop)
Stickabush… Stickabush...
(It might blow up, but it won’t go pop)
Stickabush...
(It might blow up, but it won’t go pop)
Stickabush... Stickabush...
(It might blow up, but it won’t go pop)
Stickabush... Stickabush...
(It might blow up, but it won’t go pop)
Stickabush... Stickabush...
(It might blow up, but it won’t go pop)
(It might blow up, but it won’t go pop)
(It might blow up, but it won’t go pop)
(It might blow up, but it won’t go… *POP*)You might also likeEmbed
Are we on the air? (Uh-huh)
Are we on the air? (Uh-huh, yes you are)
Hello ma, (Yeah)
Uh I'd like to hear a new beat on the request line
Okay you got it coming up

Ay-yo answering any of your service
Perogative praise positively i'm acquitted
Enemies publicly shame my utility
But after the battle the admittance I'm wit it
Sim-p-ly soothe will move, vinyl like groove
Transistor's are, never more shown with light
When vocal flow brings it all down in ruins
Design with the sounds of Dilla
We call it Plug Tunin'

(Are we on the air?)
We in the D tonight y'all
(Are we on the air?)
We live with Dilla tonight
(Are we on the air?)
Yo shout out to ma dukes
You might also like
Ay-yo gaze at the sight of a method
Dive beneath the depth of a never ending verse
Gasping and swallowing every last letter
Vocalize liquid holds the quench of your thirst
Reasons for the rhythm is for causes unknown
Different individuals are dazzled by the showbiz
Auditions are gathered but the soul would just rather
Hold a count at three, leave it as it is
Flow to the sway of my do-re
Me i'm a fixed lunatic 
Words are sent to the vents of all humans
Then convert it to a phrase called talk
Musical notes will send a new motto
Every last poem is recited at noon (Get down!)
Focus is set, let your polaroids click
As we capture the essence of Dilla, with this Plug Tunin'

(Are we on the air?)
We in the D tonight y'all
(Are we on the air?)
We here for Dilla tonight
(Are we on the air?)
Yo, show love it's ma dukes
Flowing in file with a new style
Bounds all cleaned and noted for salute
Chanters with a choice standing steady
Like mouth piece paragraph preacher, now introduce
Drums are heard sounding off each and every person
Vocal confetti is thrown atop stage
Roses and violets aren't proper
For throwing, for showing, appreciation why?
This is a Daisy Age hands don't sweat cause it's no threat
Rhymes aren't fables mislabeled to be on time
Cause they market it in label speaker Posdnuos
The stitch will fit with every consumer
Microphone use and sales will start blooming
Profit and cause could never be lost
All due to the sounds of Dilla, we call it Plug Tunin'

(Are we on the air?)
We in the D tonight
(Are we on the air?)
We here with Dilla tonight y'all
(Are we on the air?)
Yeah, so dope ma dukes! (Hello ma!)
(Are we on the air?)
We in the D tonight
(Are we on the air?)
We reppin' Dilla tonight y'all
(Are we on the air?)
Yeah, and put it up for ma dukes1Embed

Two times I'm the D to the
Vocabulary spills I'm Ill plus Matic
I'll leave your brain stimulated
I speak divine of God theories, no need to be high
Always exhale the facts cause I don't inhale lie
Play the greater man's game, to bounce off my loss
Imma earn the acres the houses, and the horse
Of course it's much greater than your Benz or your Lex
The engine to my comprehension is the apex
Too complex, effects be live like Das
Making moves down South, to avoid the bull
And never, flaunt the coin cuz dime-getters be gazin
Call me Luther Van, they say my style is so Amazin
Fazin' those who're supposed to have the last laugh
Even when I'm gone I'm reappearing in the after
I have to, send respects to real money makers
Do not connect me to your champagne ho
Taste the quarter pound from here to New York
Don't swine don't eat no pork

Who am I? The D to the
And I'm the P to the

I'm the most, coast Eastern flav'
Droppin more knowledge than litter, on the New York pave'
It's me, Wonder Why, in the place to be
Certified, as superior, MC
While others explore to make it hardcore
I make it hard for, wack MC's to even step inside the door
Rhyming, sometimes
And when we get to racing on the mic, we line up to see
The lyrical killing, with stained egos on the ceiling
My rhymes escalates like black death rates
Over musical plates, being played as the rule
Kids thinking stepping to the Soul, you're labelled fools
Who claims to drop jewels but for now you do the catching
I don't worry on what crew you run, or what section of earth
You reside, you're not even a man nigga
Yo you not even a man nigga
So I don't deem it mandatory taking your pride
But I will, cause my man said Soulful Delight
You tried "Keepin it real", yet you should try keepin it right
That's understanding microphone mathematics
Leads to currency and temporary world status
And when one shows he posed threat to this one
This one will make that one into none
Simple equation, zero, you shouldn't play hero
If you can't stand strong like the Island I'm from
And I'm the P to theYou might also likeEmbed
Please subscribe to the membership
Of unorthodox penmanship
25 arms in yet the hunger and the eye still cries
Let the games begin
And the bull wins death at the matador's test
The bully can't pull me out the S direct
Came from super MC skateboard dunk fresh
And the way we school was the JD rule
The rock the hips turn it up and pay that nigga his chips
Yeah, paid to the J all day
And they say the Soul is one of the best
To do it over a track from Dill
I'm like naw you need to study Phat Kat or Slumville
The will of God was to give the man wings
To ascend and make music and blend
With the king of kingsYou might also like1Embed
(It's the magic number)
(Three's the magic number)
(It's the magic-)
You go difficult preachin' is Posdunous' pleasure
Pleasure and preachin' starts in the heart
Something that stimulates the music in the measure
Measure in the music breaks in three parts
Casually see but don't do like the soul
Cause seein' and doin' are actions for monkeys
Doin' hip hop hustle, no rock and roll
Unless your name's Brewster, Brewster's a punky
Parents let go cause there's magic in the air
Criticizin' rap, shows you're out of order
Stop look and listen to the phrasin' Fred Astaires
And don't get mad sir Mase is smashin' your daughter
A tri-lateral system is now set
As usually stands for Da.I.S.Y productions
It stands for "da inner sound y'all" and y'all can bet
That the action's not a trick, but showing of a function
(No more no less)
Three's the magic
It's word to Jake yo', we indeed
(We don't have to guess)
The Maseo, Plug dos and me
We tally up to make the number (three)
You might also likeFocus is formed by flaunts of the soul
Souls who flaunt styles gain praises by pounds
Common are speakers who be honoring the scroll
Scroll written daily creates a new sound
Listeners listen, cause this here's wisdom
Wisdom of a Speaker, a Dove and a Plug
Yo, set aside a substance that you feed 'em
Now get 'em high off this dialect drug
Time is a factor so it's time that counts
Count not the negative actions of one
Speakers of soul say it's time to shout
Three forms the soul to a positive sum
Dance to this fix and flex every muscle
Space can be filled if you clap baby, clap!1Embed
It's a dog eat dog competition (No doubt)
I'll be gone like you're wishin' (And I'm out)
'Cause I ain't got time for hangin' around
When you're fuckin' my love in all the wrong places
It's a dog-eat-dog competition (No doubt)
I'll be gone like you're wishin' (And I'm out)
'Cause I ain't got time for hangin' around
When you're fuckin' my love in all the wrong places
It's a dog eat dog competition (No doubt)
I'll be gone like you're wishin' (And I'm out)
'Cause I ain't got time for hangin' around
When you're fuckin' my love in all the wrong places
It's a dog eat dog competition (No doubt)
I'll be gone like you're wishin' (And I'm out)
'Cause I ain't got time for hangin' around
When you're fuckin' my love in all the wrong places

Extra, extra, what's that all about?
I'm wishin' the position of my loving's sorted out
I shed a tear 'cause I'm hearin' nothing new or particular
Status once parallel, now it's perpendicular
And everything is just as clear as day
Realistically explicit in the things you say
I guess a "bitch" in the batter's gonna make the flavor fatter
But you gots to keep it for real
Forget about your jewels and gems
You won't be needin none of them
The tool'll fix the era
My mellow used to wear a namebuckle, now he chuckle
'Cause he earn a dime quicker
Talkin bout a burner, sippin' on some malt liquor
And all these kiddies wishin' they were supa emcees
But to earn my "S", I had to learn some mess
About a crime'll make million, a dime'll make a call
I'd rather hop on the line and drop a rhyme to Prince Paul
You might also like
'Cause It's a dog eat dog competition (no doubt)
I'll be gone like you're wishin' (and I'm out)
'Cause I ain't got time
For hangin' around
When you're fuckin' my love
In all the wrong places
It's a dog eat dog competition (no doubt)
I'll be gone like you're wishin' (and I'm out)
'Cause I ain't got time
For hangin' around
When you're fuckin' my love
In all the wrong places

Hey kid, what's the word?
Man, it's all about mind
Keeping focused on them self-mechanisms of rhyme
So no longer stand erect 'cause your thoughts are drained
Walkin' round, manifesting attributes of shame
Used to squabble for the mic but now accordingly
We act unless a club can't afford the fee
We act so name that any best man to put us under
Created from the ground yet know nothing 'bout the under
Take a glimpse at them pimps playing record exec
Adding up all your OHs so's to cut you a check
Saying why the blunder wonder could've G'd today
So you can put up some swings for your seed to play
But a swing ain't that important when the park's around the corner
Filled with life causing death, greeting victims for the morning
It was the moment I feared
Nah, the moment I steered upon the right path
To know the right math to overstand
It's a dog eat dog competition (no doubt)
I'll be gone like you're wishin' (and I'm out)
'Cause I ain't got time
For hangin' around
When you're fuckin' my love
In all the wrong places
It's a dog eat dog competition (no doubt)
I'll be gone like you're wishin' (and I'm out)
'Cause I ain't got time
For hangin' around
When you're fuckin' my love
In all the wrong places
It's a dog eat dog competition (no doubt)
I'll be gone like you're wishin' (and I'm out)
'Cause I ain't got time
For hangin' around
When you're fuckin' my love
In all the wrong places1Embed
Party people, your dreams have now been fulfilled
Get your ass up, and let's get ill
That's right y'all, we more than rough, we callin' your bluff
And when it comes to rhymes... (Brick City)

Yo, don't scandalize
Mine, I spent too much time
Straight talk with the catch to etch my line walk
Never fetchin' for crime, halt! Who goes there?
Yo, it's the squeeze of five fingers, puffin' Smokey the Bear
Shinin' black like Darth Vader caps, they on stare
While we rockin' it, I'll rock in it (rock in it)
Like the little ball inside the spray can providing three
Coats for both child, woman and man

God bless the God, lay these streets wall to wall
It go, oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh!
Yo, you got popped like a flick by that rivalry clique
It went, oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh!

It ain't my fault your ass is on the asphalt ('Phalt)
Got your chin touched by my fam who though you brought harm, you see
I'm iced out like a glass of tea, better yet, oatmeal cookies
Y'all just rookies to me
Slidin' up and down the court, but I don't think you can D
Why try? Maseo be gettin' high since Luke was Luke Skywalk' (Yo'), man, my
Topic of talk is sheddin' shame all over your game
Like them shorties who claim that afrocentric lovin' is the past drug
A life filled with (*GUNS*)—that's what thugs love
Snatch you fast, wrap that ass
In the rug of your choice while it muffles your voice
Now when I'm swimmin' through the joint
I put the funk on hold
'Cause if you don't, you'll see the bubbles come up
We run up a tab
And gladly add a little extra for miss
Flashy faces with bigger lips for that ass to kiss
Most crews are post-current while we're forever
Direct beats that's contagious, loved by all ages
Graduated from the you-and-I-versity
Of hard-hitters, for real
You might also like
I got niggas in the streets that'll blast your ass for the shine and get
Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh!
Yo, if you a fat chick gettin' your fuck on tonight then go
Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh!
Yo, put your hands opposite to the ground if you're lovin' our sound
Go, oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh!
Yo, and to my broke niggas on the corner holdin' me down
Go, oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh!

Yo, I swear Tommy gonna get it, he done did me wrong
I had plans to buy more land, plant corn
Bust kernels on heat, work hard like wetbacks
Set backs is gonna get my ass P.E. hostile
Rockwilder the beat, top dollar defeat (Uh-huh)
Big money's make the big decisions, keep hip-hop
Alive, it's just an intermission
Back to the second half of the feature flick
Dick stacks and fuck rap
I had a name for makin' paper since papier-mâché (C'mon)
Now my dollar coins join pounds of yen for play
While you broke niggas reach drunk much quicker
You don't make enough bread to soak up all your liquor
Went from God to God damn, damn God, you're killin' it
Should incorporate it, invest half a mil' in it
Rap cats talk with no will in it
Soundin' like they virtual, this joint'll hurt you, yo
Twas the night before Christmas and my crib got robbed
They did a job, took all the goodies
Out from under the tree (Word up?), except the CDs
Of shiny-suit rappers and flossin' emcees
Who fail at takin' it to rhyme degrees
Man, you know no wack poems get no play in our homes (Nah man)
You need to not get nappy with me
Or else we gon' relax your mind, let your conscious be free
Yo, where my Wall Street niggas, if ya up in the stands, go
Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh!
To my women that'll throw they hands against they punk-ass man, go
Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh!
Yo, if you never been shot or stabbed, Brick City go
Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh!
Yo, I gotta catch a cab back to the lab so I can smoke
Oooh, oooh, oooh, oooh!3Embed
We're feeling good
Make you wanna do good
Now ask me
Do you want to look good?
Whether wearing your Sean Johns
Or your Ruff Ryder
Giddy up for Jesus!
Giddy up for Jesus!
Jesus is everywhere
In the church, you see Jesus
When you go to sleep, you dream Jesus
When you wake up, you see Jesus
When you put your toast in the toaster, who pop up? *ding* Jesus! (Jesus!)
When you take your clothes out the dryer, who do you see? (Jesus!) Jesus!
I looked in my closest and guess who I saw (Jesus!)
No! But when I turned around, he was right behind me!
He was right behind me! He was right behind me!You might also likeEmbed
Welcome to spitkicker.com
You are tuned to the voice of AOI: Bionix
Better, stronger, fasterYou might also likeEmbed
When, now?
I am Shortie, I be 4'11"
I am, I be, I am, I am, are you taping now?
I am Shortie
I am Patrick, I be the biggest shrimp collector in the world
Gotta do that again
I am Shortie, I be 4'11"
I am Jack and I be fire
I am Shortie
I am Shortie, I be 4'11"
I am mom and I be traveling
I am Shortie, I be 4'11"
I am Q-Tip, I be friction
I am Tasha, I be Black
I am Shortie, I be 4'11"
One more time
I am Shortie, I be 4'11"
I be Shortie and what?
I am Shortie, I be 4'11"
I be busy, I be happy, I be in love
I am Asia, I be talking to Posdnous
I am Shortie, I be 4'11"

I am Posdnous
I be the new generation of slaves
Here to make papes to buy a record exec rakes
The pile of revenue I create
But I guess I don't get a cut 'cause my rent's a month late
You might also like
Product of a North Carolina cat
Who scratched the back of a pretty woman named Hattie
Who departed life just a little too soon
And didn't see me grab the Plug Tune fame
As we go a little somethin' like this
Look, ma, no protection, now I got a daughter named Ayana Monay
And I can play the cowboy to rustle in the dough, so the scenery is healthy where her eyes lay
I am an early bird but the feathers are black, so the apples that I catch are usually all worms
But it's a must to decipher one's queen from a worm who plays groupie and spread around the bad germ
I cherish the twilight
I maximize, my soul is the right size
I watch for the power to run out on the moon
And that'll be sometime soon
Faker than a fist of kids speakin' that they're Black when they just niggas trying to be Greek
Or some tongues who lied and said, "We'll be natives to the end," nowadays we don't even speak
I guess we got our own life to live, or is it because we want our own kingdom to rule?
Every now and then I step to the now, for now I see back then I might have acted like a fool
Now, I won't apologize for it, this is not a bunch of Bradys, but a bunch of black man's pride
Yet I can safely say, I've never played a sister by touching where her private parts reside
I've always walked the right side of the road, if I wasn't making song, I wouldn't be a thug selling drugs
But a man with a plan, and if I was a rug cleaner, bet you Pos'd have the cleanest rugs
I am

The Plug Two brand with the flavor in the flute, watch the sniffin', so a sack of shows in demand
I read the diction from the second page, I got the one-two gauge, baritone to the izm fan
Trees fall so I can play ground with my ink, so let me need you to my ems go
I push the infinite and carry it, my carrier's the three over one, so my pluggins already know
Lick shots with moo, catch the boo from a ghost in the heckling crowd if I give a foot
Jack Ville caught a spill when a spill came from my mouth
I brought a head down south
I don't check for the noose and the neck, so I never tell my ems that finesse is knocking at my door
I choose to run from the rays of the burning sun and dodge a needle washing up upon a sandy shore
I bring the element H with the 2, so you owe me what's coming when I'm raining on your new parade
It's just mind over matter and what matters is that the mind isn't guided by the punished shade
I keep the walking on the right side, but I won't judge the next who handles walking on the wrong
'Cause that's how he wants to be, no difference, see, I wanna be like the name of this song
I am
I am Posdnous
I be the new generation of slaves
Here to make papes to buy a record exec rakes
The pile of revenue I create
But I guess I don't get a cut cuz my rent's a month late

The deeds of a natural are seeds that are no longer planted, so the famine in the mind is strong
Tactics of another plane is now proven sane, sane enough to let you know from within this song
I stabilize many cableized viewers, so my occupation's known, but not why I occupy
And that is to bring the peace, not in the flower, but the As-Salaam Alaikum in the third I am

I am Kim and I be chilling the hell out
I am Bob and I be really, really tired of doing this here, guys2Embed
When I
First heard
Criminal Minded
I was in...
Damn, where was I?
Seventh grade
Battlin' this other emcee
Smokin' a blunt and drinkin' a 40 down lower east side with my niggas
I have no idea where I was, it was so long ago
I was on my way to a family reunion in a car on the Long Island Expressway when I heard it
Roosevelt...Projects
I was in...
I was outside of church when I was really little
And I was doing the Wop with this girl
Red Alert played one of the songs on the radio
It was so long ago
Yo Merce, what's up, this is Hanson
Man, I want you to peep that out
Yo, kid... I was at this party
This hype party, when I heard
KRS' Criminal Minded. I'll call you back, peace
All right!
All right!
All right!
All right!
You might also like
Channeling, in sync so my what brings that testament
To cover twelve inches of funk
Flip like as if I was the Dalek himself
Specializing in cleansing like the hits of Ella Fitz'
Dove hits Bibles out the park, man
Don't even try to toss bleach, I'm too dark and
Major more soul than James' "Escape-Ism"
De La Soul is here to stay like racism
Hatchet know and I'mma put the pillow off the bed
As I lurk up on your thoughts while phones on your head
Riff a tech pro, flex sue, running you the links
Scout weather, pouring rain outta duck's survive links
And if one winks for pink slips, the slips are short
Dull-minded as sperm, to give out for the souls I report
I sport too fly for the forty-ounce drinker
I sport too fly for a forty-ounce thinker
A fresh linen scent so sniffer on the two-inch
A talker of the verb without weed influence
So stick to your Naughty by Natures and your Kane
'Cause graffiti that I based upon the wax is insane

Grand groove, I wish I had the flavor bid
Give me six bottles of beer, I take the seventh one free
I got the chandelier, kick, constructed by my man
Little elf, big four gets the zootie for the self
Long island living, what, twelve o'clock dawn
Jiggy-not see me so I trip straight to your porches
Mr. Partymaker puts the boogers in your bottle
Straw it and drink, what, bees gotta be's
'Cause I snort the crazy-crazies
Man, I kick the franken-style, dig the bolts in my neck
Wreck, ship, boat, rock
Heavy metal grooves ain't the infinite
Here I hips to the hops
I'm looking for the words in the faces of a prince
That brother been down ever since soaked cheese
And motor go smiling
Hey, how ya doin'
Now, meet in front of Big Lou's fighting
Hey, y'all reminisce, six streets, little miles
Straight to my avenue
(aaaah... aaaggh)
Six streets, went miles straight to my avenue
I'm headed for the bigger E, for the bitter OE, not me
Here's my Malibu, child, here's my Malibu
Buckshot honeys, dig a gun and go aaaahhhhh...2Embed
New York
God bless New York
I'm glad I'm from New York, word
Without no further ado, we just gon' party tonight
Yo, this is not an industry party
This is some true, true blue old school shit to me, you know
I'm a fan as well as an artist here tonight
We all gon' get down
We just gon' have some fun, alright?
Dedication, dedication
What's up, baby?
What's up, baby?
What's up, baby?You might also likeEmbed
Before we get up outta here
We wanna thank all of y'all for not forgetting what hip-hop is
Y'all made that shit for real tonight, a'ight?
A'ight, hold on, one more thing
Everybody talkin' 'bout "Keep it real"
Everybody talkin' 'bout "Keep it real"
This is real right here, alright?
White, Black, orange, purple, green, blue, yellow
Up in here enjoying themselves and having a good time
Cut that ignorant shit outta here
We don't wanna duck from guns
We don't wanna call our women "hoes"
We don't wanna call our brothers "niggas"
Hip-hop for real, a'ight?
Ban the bullshit and get down with this band, a'ight?
Native Tongues forever, y'all
Native Tongues forever and we up outta here, peace
(Peace out, y'all)You might also likeEmbed
Just stop takin' me for a ride..
(C’mon, c’mon, c’mon)
All I wanna do is take my time..
(Take your time, baby, take your time, baby, c’mon!)
Just stop takin' me for a ride..
(Ah hah ha hah-hah, hah ha hah-hah)
All I wanna do is take my time..

I’ma stand up for art express, do mic test rehearsals
Eight years of man livin', ain’t no edits or commercials
Flick the God like mummy, but my own want a debit
Tossin' facts and how they axis don’t spin on a limit
Ain’t no need to dwell, to hell with fakin' your jax
Ride niggas get to sittin' to rear, so play the Parks of Rosa
Suppose I have my whole life on it
Funny how those you love love the evil they do
I brew the medicine to heal, a bit of verbals we had
But your ideas of heal, is left the surface of it scabbed
Navigations nearly took me on some cruise type expense
Dispensin' me some shitty canal
I took the juice because I’m used to one-way
Detours and destinations of ways in life, I pretends the knife
Stuck in my spine’ll be a symbol, how jack can be nimble
But it’s time to make that foggy vision crystal
We gots to get the crystal, right?
You might also like
Just stop takin' me for a ride..
All I wanna do is take my time..
Just stop takin' me for a ride..
All I wanna do is take my..

Well, I don’t wanna go that far
To sell my soul, I ain’t gon' go that far
I’m takin' minds and hearts beyond the shinin' star
Raw dick, honey, I don’t wanna go that far
So listen, why you riskin' your mentality against mine?
Sick of leadin' love, sick of leadin' love
Leavin' love loud-faced in the vehicle of mine
Them wanna do awards bein' $9.99
Watch me profile the true fall out for so-called friends
Like mercury and water, we just don’t blend
I end the game technically, you wanna stop me
True gems show affection like Jody Watley, so..

Just stop takin' me for a ride..
All I wanna do is take my time..
Just stop takin' me for a ride..
All I wanna do is take my..
Take my.. take my time..
Take my..
Take my.. take my time..
Take my..
(But I don’t wanna go that far!)

I recall kissin' on my lady, talkin' 'bout makin babies
Now we made the baby, but cannot connect as legal spouses
Now me and my daughter reside in different houses
What louses up the structure, is leavin' things up to
The child lesser, than a child runnin' wild from mild pressure
Mega.. (mega..) nega.. (nega..)-tive
To live a master plan when that plan has no master
You stare at false tongues, leadin' the yung’un to disaster
Postures of this world is seen as mad crooked
Want your manhood, but man, your dad took it
We used to swallow 40’s and a whole lot of pride
Nice MC’s be frontin' on some whole other vibe
Just because them albums are sealed
Doesn’t mean them lyrics are untampered with, let’s kill the myth
That as MC’s we know it all, we all children still
No tricks for '96, it’s due time we build, man..

Just stop takin' me for a ride..
(Yes, stop gassin' me, stop gassin' me)
All I wanna do is take my time..
(All we want to deal is reality)
Just stop takin' me for a ride..
(Stop gassin' me, stop gassin' me)
'Cause all I wanna do is take my time..
(Take my time, take my time, c’mon!)
I've been on the streets for a little over two years (Right)
Uh, occasionally, I mean I've had, you know, high
Some nice moments, you know, where I thought I might get somewhere (Right)
But then something else, something other occurs and I get side-tracked (Right)
And then some days, it's just, it's just like, uh
I can two, three days at a time before I start thinking again optimistically or whatever
Because things just happen, I don't- I don't make any money panhandling or something like that, or hardly any money
I don't get a whole lot of good food to eat for a couple days or something like that, or anything even halfway decent
I mean, it's not so much people on you or something like that, 'cause there hasn't been a whole lot of that
But it just gets more depressing and depressing as you go on (Right)
And I even start thinking, uh ... not a hallucination, actually, not a visual or an auditory, but it's a certain, like, mentally depressing, like I'm in a dark fantasy
Where I even start thinking about that I wanna do this to myself
And you know, just really bad depression, you know, some days
Stakes is highEmbed
Party people, your dreams have now been fulfilled
Get your ass up and let’s get ill
(Hey yo, get your ass up and let’s get ill)
That’s right y’all, we more than rough, we callin’ your bluff
And when it comes to rhymes…

Don’t scandalize mine, I spent too much time
Straight talk with the catch to etch my line walk
Never fetchin' for crime, halt! Who goes there?
Well it’s the squeeze of five fingers puffin' Smokey the Bear
Shinin’ black like Darth Vader caps, they on stare
While I’m rockin’ it, I rock in it
Like a little ball inside spray cans provide
Three coats for both child, woman and man
God bless the God, lay these streets wall to wall
We go “oooh!” (world famous)
You got popped like a flick by the rivalry clique and went “oooh”
It ain’t my fault your ass is on the asphalt
Got your chin touched by my fam
Thought you brought harm, you see
We iced out like a glass of tea
Better yet, oatmeal cooks, y’all just rooks to me
Slidin’ up and down courts, I don’t like you can D
Why, try? Maseo be sky high
Since Luke was Luke Skywalk, my topic of talk
Is sheddin' shame all over your game, it’s life
Afrocentric love they must have passed drug
A life filled with (guns) that’s what thugs love
Snatch you fast, wrap that ass in the rug of your choice
Man, they muffle your voice man
So when I’m swimmin’ through the joint, I put the funk on hold
If you don’t, you see the bubbles come up
We run up a tab and gladly add a little extra for miss
Flashy faces with big lips for that ass to kiss
Most crews are post-current while we’re forever
Direct beats that’s contagious, love for all ages
Graduated from the you-and-I-versity of hard hittas for real
I got peoples in the street that would blast your ass for this beat and go “oooh”
If you a big girl gettin’ your love between sheets, go “oooh”
Put your hands opposite to the ground if you lovin’ the sound
And go “ooh, ooh, ooh, oooh!” (how do I work this?)
You might also likeUh, Marvin? (Oooh!)Embed
It goes with the word, it goes with the word
It goes with the word, it goes with the word

Yo, everybody's sayin'
What to do when suckin' lunatics start diggin' and chewin'
They don't know that the Soul don't go for that
Potholes in my lawn
And that goes for my rhyme sheet
In which I concentrated so hard on, see
Don't ask for maximum security
Eh yo my dwellin' is swellin'
Lit my bud when I happened to fall into a spot
Where no ink or an ink-blot was on my scroll
I just wrote me a new mot
But now it's gone
Cause those punks knew that I hate
To recognise when they come through
And leave with the words


I've found that it's not wise
To leave my garden untended cause eyes
Has now pardoned all laws of privacy
Even paws are after my writer
See, I've pursued that everyone's sayin'
What to do when suckers are preyin'
On my well-guarded spreadsheets
Oh why, hell does it send up fleets
Of evil-doers through the big hole
Give them evil-doers who dig holes
Which leaves my lawn with lawn-chew
I think I'd better plant traces, give clues
Or better yet call 911
They get here I inform them I'm the Plug One
Of the plug cheer and let them realize the reason
For concern of the Soul
But yo check it, we gon' do it like this
You might also like
Ain't no Dilla like the one I got
No one can do shit better
His beats held the DNA of hip hop
And kept it hot like a thermal sweater
Can't duplicate it so just leave it alone
Nah, you can't duplicate the sound, boy
He has a universal sound but the D was his home
The D was his home (Mo-Town)
The D was his home (Mo-Town)
(This is the City of Detroit in the state of Michigan)
(This ain't no muthafuckin' cinema, bitch)Embed
A Nubian sprocket is the one
Plug One, cut the cap
Forward is the marcher of the chant
Now to the clan, unless you slept
Willy to the Wonka of the feast
Smoke your blunts, but close your drapes
And if we get fined by police
Don't sweat it, yo, I got papes
Toxic is the talk that I tell
The note be held by the lady who's fat
Chris made the dope beat for no Bo Peeps
And you can't beat that, that's a fact

He's no batter, he's no batter, batter
He's no batter, he's no batter
(Here comes the pitch)

Swingin' with that good old step
It's Plus Dos, groove a gut
On gets by when it's kept
Three miles to my strut
Forgivin' them fools that's false
I cook goose, serve a plate
Position is never at a loss
No cost, no relate
See Dave's got a badge of his own
Cause the link in the life got slack
I'm lick it down to the Tootsie Pop
And you can't beat that with a bat
You might also like

Swing, yea
This how we do it, De La y'all
We just ride, and take the train, take the train
Take the train, take the train
Take the train, take the trainEmbed
Yea, e'erybody's lookin' good this mornin'
Today's gonna be another good day, so let's go get 'em

Ego trip, ego trip
We be takin' the train to the ego trip
Ego trip, ego trip
We takin' the train to the ego trip

Yep, yep big trucker man is rollin' in town
How ya do, how ya do?
I got the joints to make ya...(JUMP!)
Because we headin' eastbound
Tired of the merry go round and around
And everybody's talkin' bout yo, so funny
But they still tellin' lies to me
I got the trees in my backyard
And it's hard for them to tell a lie to me
And who's the foot, when I'm the foot, now you say it
Now who's gon' say it? You know what I'm sayin'?
Skirts play with it cause I'm slick like that
I think they sayin' y'all the greatest
If I'm the greatest, well gimme gimme mine
Cause I'm heavy when I weigh it
Now watch the way I say it (ego trip)
Change my pitch, smack my bitch, I never did it
The flavor's bein' butter but brothers ain't gettin' it
Get it; or else you're a goner
When I rolls over ya gonna have to wanna
Chill, cause it's the chattanooga champ
We takin' the train, we takin' the train
You might also like

Well I'm somethin' like a phenomenon
Yo, I'm somethin' like a phenomenon
I be the better brand, superman
I run blocks with my circle we be nubian
I got platinum rust, never ever fuss
Ey yo, Maseo, he down with us
People stop takin' his stylin' for a joke
Don't sassafrass I put foots up the ass
Sometimes I'm fast, I blow off like a seal
Hey hey, for real
Mase chopped the record down to the bone
And now Renee King is on my cellular phone
So we talkin' autographs, years and laughs
Champagne, caviar and bubble bath
Yo see uh, that's the life that I lead
I got halos on tilt with the wings of speed
Cause I'm so fly

And yes on and on
I'm in it like a river so don't you rock my yachts yo
We got them Gills like Johnny
And sail those seven seas (we good for ya)
We bigger than bigs so dig it (you better dig it)
With waves that amazes popes
I am the is equals is cause it's caught up
When the tides taught me the ropes
Ain't no weights for the bass (man I'll give you four)
And we're the verb unheard, you better gimme one more
I ask you you got it if you're special
With a dapper toe tapper when a lot's goin' on
Hey, the answer to the riddle is me and here's the question
Who can be, and who can be, and who can be...
Embed
I love the way you make me feel
On Saturday

Mr. Sprinkler, Mr. Sprinkler
Wet me for one, Mr. Sprinkler
I'm heatin' high-five in a daze, no split
With a yawn I trip to the dawn
Out comes the bodies following the one idea
It's clear, rattle to the roll
Hold up, back up the track and grab your rollerskates y'all
And let's zip on by
Zip-a-de-doo-dah, let's zip on by
Feed on a weed and we're feeling high
The sun is on thick and the cheese is rollin' thick
Come on, there's no time to hide
Season is twist, I'm really and willin'
No hackeysack, let let me in
Slip on the bottom I'mma slip away
And have a ball on a Saturday

I love, I love, I love, I love it when you do it on a Saturday
On Saturday
You might also like
You go back once more with the wallop in the score
Sponsor ride and rip, should I make you rock your hip
Reviver of a roller-boogie in a rink
Sure to make you think about the times
To scope fun instead of fights (what else?)
I'm diving from a piece of metal sure to take your life
Slip your butt to the fix of this mix
Toss the briefcase, it's time to let loose
Cause you've worked like heck to get the week in check
Unfasten that sleeve around your neck
Connected like a vibe from the wheel to the foot
Come on everybody, come on everybody, come on everybody

Leave your cares behind
Leave your cares behind (on a Saturday)
Leave your cares behind
Leave your cares behind (on a Saturday)
Are ya ready kids? (Aye aye, captain!)
I can't hear you! (Aye aye, captain!)
Oooooooooooooooooh!
Shut up!Embed
You got oodles and oodles of O's, you know
You get 'em from my sister, you get 'em from my bro
All I is is man, and once an embryo
Am I solid gold? I don't cast a glow
Yes, I guess it's reflex some have no control
I'd rather let a laughter, tally, off I go
Canoeing up the river or out into the O
You just know me not so not play the role
Some are lovey-Dovey, ah you crazies know
Some shake your hand but this is called a show
I was John Doe, now I'm David Jolicoeur
Pissed with the witness, so now I adore
O's got the world cause O's was on tour
Girls gave the O's, and all ny niggas, for sure
Where they arose, well nobody knows
And what do they mean, well here's how it goes
Well oh shoot's got the O's when you hold the dough
You know who you are but they didn't know
And now with respect they flex like a pro
You're first another nigga but now...

Oodles and oodles of O's you know
We go oodles and oodles of O's you know
We go oodles and oodles of O's you know
We go oodles and oodles of O's you know
Shut up
You might also like
Last of the fast Plug pipers at the dō
In your eyes burning like rubbing alcohō
Native is the Tongue that speaks the Guacomō
Kinfolk will play this in stere-ereō
Chanters play the part of a herd of a show
Pos prints the peace on his jeans or Girbauds
But let the herd know, beef you wanna throw
Lunches of punches is what we'll bestow
Oodles of O's enhance my ho's at mic checks
O's take the shape of medallions and specs
Don't forget the O's that let the air in my nose
Breathe in the fresh, stale hit the roads
Girls ask for flicks and I plot the pose
Eat the Al Greens
Yo, my nigga Mase got something to say and it go
Scratches: oh shit, oh shit
Oh, oh-o-o-oh shit
What a minute, why the fuck am I whispering?Embed
Baby I'm hot just like an oven
I need some lovin'
And baby, I can't hold it much longer
It's getting stronger and stronger
And when I get that feeling
I want sexual healing
Sexual healing is something that's good for me
Whenever blue tear drops are falling
And my emotional stability is leaving me
There is something I can do
I can get on the telephone and call you up baby, and
Honey I know you'll be there to heal me
The love you give to me will free me
If you don't know the thing you're dealing
Oh I can tell you, darling, that it's sexual healing
Get up, get up, get up, get up - let's make love tonight
Wake up, wake up, wake up, wake up - 'cos you do it right

Greetings girl welcome to my world of phrase
I'm right up to bat
Daisy Age, you're about to walk top-stage
So wipe your Lottos on the mat
Hip-hop love this is and don't mind when I quiz your
Involvements before the sun
And I know you already know the name cause, uh
My name's Plug One
Don't have to worry about me squashin' other deals
Cause they've already been squooshed
We're gonna get (sexual)
Yea, sexual, right behind a bush
Now stay with me, well Eye Know this
But not because of all my Earthly treasures
But regardless of the fact that I'm Plug One baby
I'mma love you til the sun baby
You might also like
Baby I got sick this morning
A sea was storming inside of me
Baby I think I'm capsizing
The waves are rising and rising
And when I get that feeling
I want sexual healing
Sexual healing is good
Makes me feel so fine, it's such a rush
Helps to relieve the mind, and it's good for us
Sexual healing, baby, it's good for me
Sexual healing is something that's good for me
And it's good for me and it's so good to me
And it's good for me and it's so good to me
And it's good for me and it's so good to me
My baby, oh
Come take control, just grab a hold
Come take control, just grab a hold
Come take control, just grab a hold
Of my body and mind soon we'll be making it
Honey, oh
Come take control, just grab a hold
Oh, oh, just grab a hold
Oh, oh, come take control
Oh, I can't hold it much longer
Come take control, just grab a hold
Come take, just grabEmbed

And to the mighty Mos Def, you know he nonstop
To my man Enola, yo, he's nonstop
And to my kin de Calhoun, yo, he's nonstop
Yo that girl MP, yo, she's nonstop
And to that crew Camp Lo, you know they nonstop
And to that nigga Pop Life, yo, he's nonstop
And to my cousin Fudge Love, you know he nonstop
My brother Lucky and Pert, yo, they nonstop
And to my man Joe Buck, you know he nonstop
And my man Extra P, yo, he's nonstop
And my man Mike Divine, you know he nonstop
That kid called Paul, Baby Paul, yo, he's nonstop
And to the Jazzyfatnastees, yo, you're nonstop
And my peoples Beatminerz, man, they nonstop
And to my man Mr. Bug, you know you're nonstop
And ayo, Litro, yo, he's nonstop
And to, Medina Green, yo, you're nonstop
And to my man Prince Paul yo, he's nonstop
And to that man Kid Capri yo, you nonstop
And A Tribe Called Quest, man they nonstop
And don't forgеt Timbo King, yo, he nonstop

Let me tеll you a little somethin' about the Self (Tell 'em, Self)
I be a piece of the East Coast
So give a toast to Plug Wonder Why
Back in the day who soaked his words in ginger
So when I ran a phrase in June, you didn't catch it 'til December
I'm a member of them kids from the inner city
Givin' you kiddies audible treats, you be achin' for
Makin' more money than a pagan holiday
Not from the PJ's, yet I still got somethin' to sayYou might also likeEmbed