(Ain't we luck we got 'em)
Allah himself
(Ain't we luck we got 'em)
Man woman and child
(Ain't we luck we got 'em)
The book of life
(Ain't we luck we got 'em)
Starks Enterprise

Check out the rap kingpin, the black Jesus
I know a few niggas sniff coke and caught seizures
Peace to half-moon Caesars, and all the bitches in the bleachers
Hot weather, sex on the beaches
Jewelry shopping out of the country, deluxe luxury
People saying that my chains look truck on me
But what about the Wonder Woman bracelet
Two-oh point three diamond cut engraved rubies kid, I laced it
I beat Vegas, Wu segas I could get shot for saying this
West Nile shit cause me to spray this
Staten island's Gandhi ghost the rap whino
These avenger's word will make a child's mind blow

Hominy grits
Welfare cheese
Roach clips
Wic checks dated first and the fifth
What Ghost?
You might also like
Fuck y'all niggas and
Fuck y'all bitches and
Fuck them pictures y'all taking
Fuck that whip you in
Starsky bring home the dough
Now the show is over
It's over? It's over?

Timberland clashing off them jewels, cash insurance
Tahoes fly clothes plus farragamos
Five plus five O, one plus nine O
Save ourselves, reach our goals
Ghostface
What if the bible wasn't good
And good was bad as bad as it should
It matters
Feed em proper food
The wonders that allah would do
Maybe they'll discover you
Look I'm like a couple jewels
Ticketron was sold out
Plus the garden love the way I move
People see me G dini hit beenie on the cell
See me you need you read me
Captain over get that weed to me
The champion of vigilante
Ask me what the circumstance be
Hit me like marcus camby
Hear me I fuck with family don
Faced the magic man at the soul circus
Wheelying elephants I can't fall off
Show off your last album was so sincere
You had crack head skits
Wody you went there
Lord Superb
Bentleys with sharp shoes
Similak huggies big shazam jewels
Ghostface
Peace party people what's up
How yall feeling ?
Face the god
Now it's time to start kneeling
Yall cats be killing me
Fronting like yall buying bottles
Puny ass sweater on
Yall be lying !
Lord Superb
A big mansion
Real props and shrimp scampy
Sailboat big yacht and beige hummer
Summer home
Big stones and cologne
Remember hero ?
I guess them corner days is gone
Mommy got a house
Daddy got a house
Granny got a house
We moved out
That's right we moved out
Now that's what I'm talking about
Ghostface
Ghost dini
I'm arista rat
Step in the game like
This is rap ?
I thought this shit was this and that
This game ain't jack
I'm about to go plat
This verse right here
Ima wreck this shit
As for the album
Ima perfect this shit
In a class by myself I ain't next to shit
Had to get out the hood
Them projects ain't shit
Want an eight series benz
Cause a lex ain't shit
I want chain truck jewelry
Yall necks ain't shit
We could spit it for mills or
Spit it for deals
When it's over
We gone see who spit it for real
I'll battle you for your bitch
Or battle for your mom
I'll kill you with a rhyme I wrote with no arms
If LL is the goat greatest of all time
That's why I'm ghost greatest of all sides
East side west side north side south side
I spit murder so much
My mother fucking mouth died
Yeah
Good times good times
And mad sunshine
Word up yo
This is the theodore unit
Straight up
Word
Banky panino
Yo and esther rolle
We love you it's good time
For real uh huh
Drop a bomb to this shit flex
Word up
Ayo lex diamonds
Word up im here boy
We outEmbed
"Tony Stark makes you feel
He’s a cool exec' with a heart of steel
As Iron Man, all jets ablaze
He’s fighting and﻿ smiting with repulsor rays!
Amazing armor! That’s Iron Man!
A blazing power! That’s Iron Man!"

Yeah, what's happening, New York City?
It's ya boy Ghost in the motherfuckin' house tonight
Know what I mean? (Don't fuck with Ghost, you'll feel sorry)
We about to get it popping, let's go
Yo, yo

Tell your crew to be easy
Niggas run around with them fake frowns, sell 'em on eBay
Get word to the DJ
Tell 'em Staten Island's in the house, put the record on replay

Get your nose blowned off by the fifth, uh
You wanna be there, layin' all stiff, uh
Every time you go uptown, you get gypped, uh
That's karma, boy, running your lip, uh
You be fronting like you got a bunch of chicks, uh
You be at home, nigga, beating your dick, uh
I'm in the club with the chipped up wrist, uh
You at the bar, wodie, drinking my piss, uh
The yellow shit in the bottle ain't Cris', son
You turned your motherfuckin' head, nigga, we switched 'em
You just mad 'cause I'm hitting your sister
You in the other room, huh, you couldn't sleep, uh
Pop a lot of shit without that liquor, yup
We mossied up, so take our picture
I'm like the boogeyman, nigga, I'll get ya
Whether now, later, afterlife or scripture
You might also like
Yeah, oh shit, ayo, Tone, hurry up and get 'em, nigga
You know what I mean? It's about to pop off
Y'all niggas clear the fucking floor
Get the fuck out the way, come on

Tell your crew to be easy
Niggas run around with them fake frowns, sell 'em on eBay
Get word to the DJ
Tell 'em Staten Island's in the house, put the record on replay

Yo, it's Tone in the building, the team's in the building
Niggas wanna beef, w​​​hat up, what up, what up?
We packed to the ceiling, we constantly chilling
We can 'cause we could, we shoot, we slice, we cut​​​​​​

Shimmy, shimmy ya, shimmy yam, shimmy yay now
Yes, my birthday landed in May, now
Peace to Dirt Dog, I'm back like déjà vu
Leave your girl around me, I will bag your boo
Ahh, you bitch niggas better listen up
Anybody front, paramedics gon' pick 'em up
They try to save you, swear to God, I hit the nurse up
Like "Nah, doc, he look better in a hearse truck"
I tried to ignore it, his people saw it
I ain't the type of dude you go to war with
My Polo gun, yo, will crack the floor shit
When the heat's on, you know I draw it
I had his number down, Toney just called it
Yo, ayo, Pete Rock, good looking, nigga
Staten Island, yo, Theodore
What's the deal? Slap me one of the ratchets
I'm about to go in, yo

Tell your crew to be easy
Niggas run around with them fake frowns, sell 'em on eBay
Get word to the DJ
Tell 'em Staten Island's in the house, put the record on replay

Gotta get that cheese, gotta pimp that V
Gotta burn those leaves, and, uh
Pretty Tone make the girls say, "Please, daddy, work that D
Put it in and be eas'", and uh, so what? Come on
Now some of y'all people might know me from my Wallabees
Pretty bitches got my number, y'all can dial me
I stick it up like a nice cake robbery
And when I'm done, y'all can finger nail file me
Floss the ill robes since "Criminology"
Supreme Clientele put the world on top of me
Yo, babe, hurry up with those collard greens
I represent S.I., they ain't as wild as me
They lousy, I'm phat like a pound of cheeba weed brownies
Tone got the powder, squeeze, don't surround me
Quick to pick a honey up, shit, the flow's Bounty
Y'all can just crown me
Yeah, that's right
I'd like to thank y'all for coming out tonight
How y'all like that shit?
You know what I mean, who really run New York?
This is that Theodore shit, motherfucker2Embed
Supreme Clientele!
Fresh!
Fresh!
Fresh!
Huh!

Who I'm is? The Phenom, them niggas can't live
Who I'm is? We ain't got shit, something got to give
Y'all done flipped y'all wig, blacked out the crib
Die and live for my nigs and my bad-ass kids, freeze
Looking at your ice like "Jeez!"
I'm plotting on the mousetrap, about to snatch the cheese
I heard y'all kids is bout that, psychotherapy
You bugging where the couch at, Wu til they bury me
Never tell a lie, like George with the cherry tree
Now it's cherry pie, if it's not broke let it be
Ain't nothing nice in New York
Stick you for your cake and your icing, that tough talk
Don't mean nothing when you're up North
So keep them hands where I can see 'em like you want freedom
You know that saying: "If you can't join 'em, beat 'em
And push your way in"
We ain't acrobats but we flip on occasion
Pick the pace up, pants sagging pull your waist up
Niggas renting slum jewels from Jacob, fool!
You're like "Dude! I don't like your fucking attitude"
Fronting on my Clan from the Stat but we ain't mad at you
You might also like
Yo, yo! Starks with the Parcheesi face, measly paced, old face
Ghostface! Jump out the window for a little taste
The joopy look, my main bitches call me lazy
Educated birds say, "Ghost you so crazy!"

Cappa slide through with the Ghost
Post up like paint on walls, drip jew-els, big heat
Ruffle inside the bubble goose, it's the Odd Couple
Hollow points follow you home to Staten Island
Playing with the big toys that make noise
Echo in the hall, a scared voice
Niggas start to act choice, but Duncan Hines
Didn't know Betty Crocker had the two nines
Made the club moist, shattered the windows
Dustheads running
The rap kingpin plus the Black Jesus is coming

The words you talk better be the words you walk
Body you in the bed where the nurses are
Put your vein out, watch me insert the dart
Til it plagues from Bricks to the Persian Gulf
Light circuits off, thirty-third of my brain is off
That explains why my language off
My gun aim and cough, y'all ain't trained to brawl
Y'all more like in training bras
Wet behind the ear, you're not prepared
For the project flow, with extra stairs
I pass out a vest to wear (bullets flyin)
Yo, the hard wire, starting bonfires
Pull the mask so you know it's me
And your weed got more seeds than ODB
Can't smoke with ya, watch Ghost tie a rope to ya
Def and Wu will open ya
Eat a dick like (HUH!)
Baby shake your shit, girl you're thick like (HUH!)
Getting rich like (HUH!)

Word, it's me y'all
We in two sixes flirting with bitches, dime plus
Taking pictures, How you doing baby? My name Ghost
Don't get caught up in my chains or the way that I speak
Seek intelligence, slickest nigga going since "Grease"
Check out the grays on the side of my waves
I grew those on Rikers Island
Stressed out, balled up in the cage
Pull a boot out on Jimmy Jam, text takes jam
Silky texture, Jordan jumped up like Clyde Drexler
All up in the parrot, nose numb, real as they come
Biggie's Versaces, snow white rabbit
Hands is like photographic magic
Funeral love, move in when we hug, don't make it a habit
Hit the gym for two weeks, my back all chiseled
Elbows unique now meet the new me
Ghetto fabulous, Tone Atlas
Zulu Nation in the 80's in front of Macy's I start my own chapters
Tyco Nite-Glow velvet pose, special effects
High-tech armors merc you at the shows
Super-cali-fragi-listic-expi-ali-docious
Docious-ali-expi-fragi-listic-cali-super
Cancún, catch me in the room, eating grouper
Shoe fly shoe, Wally Don Clark crew
Fuck y'all wanna do, crack a brew
Smoke an L or two and flip like (HUH!)
Killing for the whole clique is sick like (HUH!)
You and your stank bitch eat a dick like (HUH!)
Baby shake your shit, girl you're thick like (HUH!)
Getting rich like (HUH!)4Embed
Ay, yo, I'm skinned up, Nike's is scuffed
Still buggin' earlier around four how I escaped the bust
The way I fell cracked the face of my watch
My mans chantin' me on like "Run son! Don't go up in the spot"
Jettin' through bushes and backyards, neighbors is rattin' me out
Dogs is barkin' all you hear is the car's sirens
I'm tryin' to think and toss the iron
Bomb in my sweats got me runnin' funny, you think I'm lyin'
May God strike me if he don't like me, I'm tired and I'm out of breath
The weed got me paranoid, my heart's poundin' through my chest
Tryin' to focus up and make progress
That's what I get for slingin' in them projects
Next thing you know I'm in this bitch's crib chillin'
Told her my story and like this I had her legs in the ceiling
Cookin' me fries, fish sticks, hot side of them biscuits
While she doin' this, the bitch still slidin' on lipstick
Now I got the fat stomach on, she crackin' a dutch
I'm playin' with her pussy on the couch, I'm ready to fuck
Like come here miss lady wop, where you put the condom box?
She finished off the last one, oh shit I hear the cops
Handcuffs and talkies, I mashed her white Yorkie
Jettin' up the stairs, them pigs want revenge like Porky's
So I slid, hid behind the wall, opened the door
Like ooo I seen my man Meth goin' in raw
So he jumped up balls out, hid in the closet
I'm dyin' laughin', he said "Yo Starks be quiet!"
You might also like
...and let me put my drawers on, nigga what kinda dope you on?
Shoulda knocked before you came in the spot, Ghost you wrong
Bustin' in here on that government shit
Got this chick screamin' grabbin the sheets tryin' to cover her tits
She's asthmatic and you laughin' son
I bump my toe on the nightstand just runnin tryna grab the gun
'Cause shit's real man, you spazzin' dun
There comes a time in a man's life, he gotta toss his pack and run
You know we family like Crack and Pun
But Mr. GFK, state your business after that, be one
Now can it be that you hot, lord?
You did some shit on the block that the cops tryna lock you for?
Can't believe you blowin' the spot, lord
My chick is buggin', she trippin'
My dick keep slippin' out my boxer drawers
Now I'm caught up in the drug sting
Niggas is callin' my horn, police is hittin' every corner we on
Can't understand it, it's a thug thing
And in the middle of thought, I'm interrupted by Shallah Raekwon

I need my money Meth, gonna buy them hundred birds
Tell Tone get at me, all them little clients want work
He know we fresh out, tell the kid meet me, matter of fact beep me
Word to mother lord, son he got me hurt
You still fuckin' shorty? I knew it
The big mouth broad that be yolkin' my balls out
Her little brother wanted two bricks
You know the nigga licks, a Maybach on twenty-six
All he do is get money, hustle, he's a dick
He told me foul shit, wild shit
That nigga wear a lot of loud shit, no that Steve Rifkind style shit
Hit me with some other talk, him in New York
They robbed the Venezuelan niggas, stabbed his son with a fork
That was Jesus' rooster's little niece, little nooses
Father's homeboy, that's the kid who gave us a boost
He gave them things on the arm, said for us to be calm
And if some beef pop off, go ahead and ring the alarm4Embed
I had my eyes squinched up tryin' to get through the fog
Pullin' up mad slow blunted, passin' police cars
I saw one two three bodies
Blood mixed with the rain ran through the gutter
That's the work of a tommy
But then I heard it was the work of a mami
Spanish chick bad, about five six, long hair, red Jag
Kinda bowlegged, Chanel sweatpants, she thick
She love her some pussy, don't really give a fuck about dick
That's when I got the call, yo Tone come to the shop
Some fire jumped, chill I'm about to pull in the lot
Lowered the tunes, pulled the Benz keys out the ignition
Brushed the ashes off my blazer then finished my Guinness
So then I walked in, seen the God shufflin' cards
Spades game, it's goin' down, he lost a couple of yards
Peace Lord, how your physical?

He upstate miserable
Stressed, doin' a thousand sets
But yo check the visuals
I'm at this hotel in Queens
Me and Charene getting' slow necked
That's live, I couldn't finish the bean
Gotta a phone call, seen the whole bitch face fall
Dope fiend look like the bitch swallowed an eight ball
They talkin' about killin' ya man's and them
That kid from Staten, his jewels is tough, his robes is satin
Yo that's my heart Tone; yea yea he killed the captain
What nationality nigga? The kid was Latin
It happened uptown, broad day, right in Manhattan
I was shoppin' with my home girl, Leona with acne?
But you know what, Flaco niece Lolita
Flew in, she from Medellin, he deaded her uncle over them seventeen bricks
Niggas ain't slick, niggas is dicks
Y'all got beef for life now cause that bitch is a trick
You might also like
Ay yo fuck that, close the gate

And lower the shade
Then a shot popped off

Hit lil' bro in his fade
And then I see him dropped his clippers

He dipped with the quickness
It was Lolita black down yo

With four other bitches
She had a nasty hammer, fat ass

Her tits was bananas
Yo the clip was ninety shot

She lit up the cameras
So then I bugged out, ran up the steps
Yo I got hit in the leg

He shot back, hit one bitch in her breast
Under the pinball game aimin'

It's foggy and rainin'

My jewels is clangin'

Yo Tone tuck your chain in
She shootin' like she wanted a payment
Throwin' bullets like Joe Nameth, yellin'

Yo it's all entertainment
Where y'all girls at? Where ya'll pussies at?
Thought y'all bang on Gaten Island?
I killed three things on Staten Island
(Guns firing)
Take that!
You fuckin' with me huh?!
That's all you got babyyyyyy?
Hold that! Motherfuckaaaaa!
Yea! You on Staten Island now nigga!
Now where the fuck is your brain at now ho?
You fuckin' with me, brains is all over the wall like Velcro
I fuck your pussy while you die slow
Wake up! You cock suckin' ass maricon
That's what you get for killin' Frankie
(Police loudspeaker)
Tony Starks, Tony Starks drop you weapons now
Put your weapons down or we will shoot
Ay yo Rae I got this
I ain't surrenderin', they gon hang me
You know what it do, yo I love you
Say peace to my kids, say peace to my wiz
I ain't goin' to jail
Fuck it's on G, let's get...FUCK Y'ALL NIGGAS!Embed

Where's my horns? Andale! Andale! Yo

Throw me in a mosh pit, I'm live, will start shit
Melt the place then break out like an arsonist
Classified to get it for a classic killing
If I turn my back and walk, that means I'm chilling
Got bitches in mi casa, boiling fresh lobsters
But I don't do the shellfish, I'mma just eat pasta
Turkey, Italian sausage, chopped up kielbasa
Doing hits from home, like an elite mobster
Love my onions iced up, real little, wifed up
Gotti trench men is real brittle, Poconos is where I go with the capos
Eleven Sammy the Bulls, ready to wake those
I'm half black, yo, half oregano
That's half Ital', yo, who he, I'm from that Island, yo
Staten, crushing niggas like aspirins
Commissioner Kelly, ya'll kill ya captain
That's word to my bitch that's laid off
That little patch in the pussy, word, I ate it off
Team move with hands in the air like Adolf
Hand me a big joint, bet I spray it off
You might also like
Toma, toma, mira, big kid
Poppy Wardrobe, Poppy Wardrobe, right here, Poppy Wardrobe!
Maricon! Yeah...

La Cosa Nostra, La Familia
What, violate my family ties and I'mma kill ya'll
Mi amor, dami un beso, El Capitan, I'm ghettio
Hot sauce, on my Spaghetti-O's
Poppy Wardrobe, Mexican, handle a hose
All my gutter gang crew, got border patrol
Lights on when I come through, black Soprano, what
Two in the holster, my code name Darryl
Ride off in the sunset, sparking the barrel
Long boots on, my horse named White Boy John
Ride that side of that bitch, straight Mexican song
Ash hanging off the blunt, don't ever look at me wrong
In my heart piece stolen, Julio, I'm dirty
Up in the Arizona desert, where the shit get ugly
All my Staten Island riders, ride or die honchos
Get CREAM all day, leave our poncho
We bull fighting niggas, wrestle with broncos
And my team stay tight like Silver and Tonto
Carry a long whip, ya'll whip ya ass
Hard head Mexican dope, mixed with hash
Machete behind dough, with a rip in the slash
Desperado kids, me and Ghost, back at last
Toma, toma, Poppy Wardrobe
Poppy Wardrobe, Poppy Wardrobe
Bring it...

Yeah, Cinco de Mayo, imported guns from Cairo
Got bagged with the toaster, beat the charge like rhinos
This bitch who's Albino, I met her out in Chi-Town
While I was out in Greek town, ordering gyros
The bad bitch keep a tool and a bible, quick to murder her rivals
And her pops was a gangsta disciple
He killed about a thousand vice lords, guns and knife wars
The feds came for him, so slick to the night ward
Down in the N.O., and right before he left
He wrote his daughter a memo, left stacks in the Benzo
It got hot, niggas selling, giving out the info
He paranoid, every 20 seconds out the window
Blow it in the limbo, he spazzed on Lorenzo
And smashed him in the head with his own son's Nintendo
About a week later, the boys came and rushed him
Kicked down his door, while he sleeping and cuffed himEmbed
Yeah, yeah
Yeah I cheat and I fuck other bitches
Y'all just lame sucker-for-love ass niggas
Su.F.L.A.N! Go ahead and spell it out
I gets my love game on without a doubt
My girl know I'm live (yeah) point blank period
Handcuffin them hoes y'all can't be serious
You ain't cut from the right cloth, fuck your rag
One word in your bitch ear, she all in the bag
Give a fuck if that's your broad, she shouldn't be out
We in the club lookin to put somethin fat in her mouth
Easy! Hold on, I see a fox comin
Between now and a few hours I'll be up in her stomach
And I ain't even gotta be dipped
I pull out my pocket too Sloppy Joe, mixed this thick
You ever try foldin a brick?
Tryin to shove hundred dollar bills in your jeans and half of it rip?
We them Staten Island boys, intelligent thugs
9 out of 10 times yeah we lookin to fuck
And y'all already word know what it is
On some Teena Marie shit, nucca, I'm talkin square biz
What?

Y'all need to stop handcuffin them hoes
Comin in the club handcuffin them hoes
You don't even know 'em handcuffin them hoes
Cuffin them hoes, cuffin them hoes
You might also like
Whassup Ghost?
Westhaven
Sucker! I hear you Ghost
Jones

F.EM.L, Fuck 'em and we leave 'em (I'm gone)
P-I-M-P, treat 'em like we greet 'em (ya hear that?)
Shit, treat 'em like we don't need 'em
Cause after we fuck 'em out the phone we delete 'em (doop doop)
Leave 'em for them suckers, let them other niggas keep 'em (you can have her)
They keep 'em to the point that we don't see 'em (where'd she go?)
Shit, but the bitches need freedom
They wanna come outside and start freakin (AOW!)
Jumpin on dick like they leapin (watch it) it's Leap Year {*laughin*}
She disappearin for the weekend (where she went?!)
So hell yeah she starts creepin
You had her locked up like she was livin in precinct (prisoner!)
She want a gangster, nigga youse a weakling
She wanna ride fast in the cars while we chiefin (vroom vroom)
Just cause you was cuffin the ho
I had fucked her one time now I'm duckin this ho
Please in your mind, never drop a dime but
Damn, ain't that some shit?
And I just wanted to have a good time
Now I got a ho on my line, buggin!
Slow down
Y'all need to stop handcuffin them hoes
Comin in the club handcuffin them hoes
You don't even know 'em handcuffin them hoes
Cuffin them hoes, cuffin them hoes

Stop cuffin these hoes
Stop cuffin these hoes

Y'all need to stop handcuffin them hoes
Comin in the club handcuffin them hoes
You don't even know 'em handcuffin them hoes
Cuffin them hoes, cuffin them hoes

Stop cuffin these hoes
Stop cuffin these hoes
Let her go!Embed
Yo... yo
Y'all respect my tour bus
We got whores with no drawers ready to do all four of us!
Wildin, bustin big bags of Ruffles
Show money, rubber band'd up in the duffle
With dirtbomb niggas that steal cake from stores
Boostin niggas that pop tags in the mall
True spot hoggers, used a few stockings
Niggas hand over the cash when heat's to they noggin
I sing a lil' lullaby, who gon' testify
The way a gruesome murder been televised?
Stupid! My name still ring in the streets though
Eighty-six, used to slip crack through the peephole
Biscuit like vaseline if I was a crook
In rap I'm past the cream, brand more lean
If you niggas complain of sore throats
Shove the gun in they mouth, throat got scratched
They suckin on Halls yo

Yeah, yo
Yo this verse is like leavin the gas on
Hog-tie a nigga for his bread, have the Hefty bag on
By any means, a cheddar king
Got a '98 kid's voice on smooth like Lenny Green
Word to my mother I air y'all niggas out
Bigger chromers for the one who got the bigger mouth
("Shout, shout, I'm talking to you, c'mon!")
Go 'head and try me, you know you a bird
You could be on +Gangland+ wit'cha face all blurred
Skull deaded up slumped over the curb
Just watch next time how you write your words
Leave you hangin like your last name
Or a old man's nuts that sag with no shame
Payback's a bitch; yeah I smash y'all berries
'fore they find you dead in your +Little House on the Prairie+
You might also like
Yo, I can do this on crutches black with no legs
Both arms in a sling, push me on stage
Style still linger in the air like Glade
Girls my early 20's I used to run trains
Chill I got next, go behind Dirt
Sometimes I had to chill instead get neck
Rich chandelier gown all over my flesh
'Bout to throw ladies to Haiti, peace to Wyclef
Blowed y'all cream never throw dollar bills up
You know we window baggin that krillz up
Fingertips hurt puttin that work in
Move that white in bulk nigga like Jergens
New rappers need to skip town
This the East coast music, Grandpa Ghost is around
Icon tellin y'all now
Be out before dawn 'fore shit get wild~!Embed
Geah! Aiyyo Starks, whattup?
What it do family?

We street bullies for cheddar, and that's our word
Pop bottles and spend money on chicks with curves
We the youth poetic justice, the kings and the Yankees
Our flows is vicious, check check, check out my melodies

We gifted with vocab to make the streets spaz
And I'm infatuated with money like Mr.Krabs
Blow bags of that purple 'til I'm purple like Grimace
Burn spinach cause it keep up flows, Shawn's a menace
Even Barack watch "The Wire," the streets is political
Watch how the '89 analog switched to digital
It's a miracle, we gettin rich, offa visuals
Millionaires open doors, split them residuals
And still don't know how to act, spend 5 beams on jeans
Steady blowin cream by the stack
I get my change, now go cop, get'cha a drink
And have a ho butt-naked washed up by the sink
Blowin stink, and I don't see grass on the field
So I'mma tear ass on that field
The Doe Wilson walk around with a bottle of Spades
Diamonds lookin like I flossed in a cascade
You might also like
We street bullies for cheddar, and that's our word
Pop bottles and spend money on chicks with curves
We the youth poetic justice, the kings and the Yankees
Our flows is vicious, check check, check out my melodies

Dee dee dee da dee, dee dee dee dee da dee day
You asked for Donnie G oh won't you please come out and play
They know I keep that black girl, the black guns and the AK's
I'm comin where you lay, and yeah I'm gonna spray - hey!
Motherfucker what'chu lookin at? The crook's back
Staten Island got my back, Brooklyn niggas let it clap
Half these niggas ride out, Harlem niggas keep it real
Bronx got a shorty there, that's my little hideout
{?}, Rose, Donnie cake, souflee
M6, no top on it, toupee
Rubber grip, stainless steel, the night look gray
Yeah, this that fly shit, patch over the eye shit
Slick Rick, bruh, these bitches be on my dick
Yeah I'm the new draft pick, about to get my ass licked
Street bullies blastin, you ain't gotta ask it
Ghostface, Wigs, will put you in a casket

We street bullies for cheddar, and that's our word
Pop bottles and spend money on chicks with curves
We the youth poetic justice, the kings and the Yankees
Our flows is vicious, check check, check out my melodies
Can I, kick it? Yes you can
Can I, kick it? Yes you can
Can I, kick it? Yes you can
Well I'm gone - are you gonna miss me when I leave?
Besides this 8 times 5, got tricks up in my sleeve
Guaranteed, ain't nobody around these beez
See the team, we don't sleep, cause niggas need green
We bleed different, we chase money, y'all can chase dreams
Came a long way, don't fuck that bread up in between
Tell 'em God sent you, load up that wop and let it ring ock
It's more than raindrops, when your nigga name get scratched off
Like his name dropped, that's when that thang pop
Y'all niggas thought once too much, that's why your brain stopped
Lock and load both of them 40's I make the place hot
You can't wipe that up with no shirt, that take mops
Out the window here's another bomb let that bass drop

We street bullies for cheddar, and that's our word
Pop bottles and spend money on chicks with curves
We the youth poetic justice, the kings and the Yankees
Our flows is vicious, check check, check out my melodiesEmbed
He's a superstar, yeahhh {*2X*}
(Told y'all!)
He's a superstar, yeahhh

Superstar, blowin smoke at the hookah bar
The bullet wound on my neck is a Ruger scar
Pop bottles yo, but not just 'pagne
You drink Cristal? Well that's a damn shame
I down Ketel One, bottles of that Grey Goose
That white Hennessy, then I smash the booth
A real superstar, check out the booty y'all
Red and white green hair, that's Gucci pah
Look how the jacket matches loafers it's lookin crazy
Dutches pumped up, plus I live in Macy's
This is Theodore, they call me Starkalicious
Cause my tongue game, is a likkle vicious
I got stupid money, so I'mma keep payin
I keep the paparazzi, and the fans sayin

He's a superstar, yeahhh
He's a super, super, super superstar {he is a superstar}
He's a super, super, super superstar {ohhhh, he is yeah}
He's a super, super, super superstar {oh yes he is a}
He's a superstarrrrr yeahhhh
You might also like
Mink coats, rock diamond wristlets
Bankroll so thick I don't need a wishlist
Chain swing down to my torn meniscus
Red carpet affair, superstar status
Wish Mike was here to tell you I'm the Baddest
Stalked by TMZ, wanted by Oprah
Followed everywhere from the Garden to the Copa
Take some more vanilla bean to the mocha
Toca, Tone be quick fast to poke ya
The Ace of Spade of the deck, use your choker
Glossy, always the center of attraction
And I bring Redman if it's "Time 4 Sum Aksion"
Grimy, consumed on the forest top ten of tree
Beast of the food chain that's how it's meant to be


Award show skyscraper presence in your memories
Spotlight forever reflect on my accessories
Exotic with it 'til your vomit be the recipe
Movin forward ain't nothin at all ahead of me
Legendary remedy 'til it's medical, get it?
Magnetic and be the most incredible with it
More than legend but riddich, mosh pit lyrically
Godsent to the point see the cynical image
Be on the star source, travellin to Venus
Now you look at me as weird while I morph into a genius
Sometimes it's startlin the way that people see us
But the dickride be heavy and be weighin on my penis~!
Funny how the love be fake but I ain't stressin
Thankful for the love that's genuine appreciate the blessing
Rockstar livin while I'm handlin my biz
Shinin brighter than the sun y'all niggas KNOW JUST WHAT IT IS!
Embed
(What did I do? Was the thing so bad?) It's like...
Yo, there ain't too many people I would die for
That I would lay down for, you heard...
It's like my family, my closest friends that's here in my circle
YouknowImean? My moms and 'em, my babies, man
That's word to mother, son, that's what it is...
(I'll die for you, I'll die for you) Uh-huh...
That's right, man (I'll die for you) Just some real shit...

Aiyo, I'll die for the prophets and I'll die for the Lord
On the battlefield, wounded badly, holding a sword
With no questions asked, I already know, it's all for the cause
Just laying me facing the East, when I'm under the floor
I might've sinned in the process, from being, in the projects
Eyes swept from all the anger, that could've fucked with my conscience
And more or less, I'm a man of my word
My body is holding a couple scars on it, though I was never a bird
 + (sample)
For Martin Luther and my brother Malcolm (I'll die for you)
And my ancestors picking cotton (I'll die for you)
My close homies that get it popping (I'll die for you)
You what time it is, nigga what?
You might also like
Aiyo, I'd die for my moms, and I'd die for my kids
If you, really my Queen, then I'd die for my wis
Even my mans, if we that tight
Jump in front of a biscuit, snuff money with all of my mics
Or we can brawl it out and take his life
By taking his gun, no problem
Just make sure we eating when we on the run
Like slaves that's chained together, who killed master?
The dogs is coming, the pigs is gon' blast ya
I'd die for you, I'd die for my brother
Die for the babies who can't eat with bare feet who need they mother
I put niggas lights out like Con Ed, my verbal is bond
My bread'll blow you, show you who's real with the arms
 + (sample)
Dog, you want revenge on that devil Satan? (I'll die for you)
We could do it now instead of waiting (I'll die for you)
We don't have to wait for revelations (I'll die for you)
We'll sort this out in other conversations

Yo, I'd never jump out the window, lose my life for a lame ass nigga
That scene is bogus, it's not in the picture
You just can't feed me anything like "Yo, Tone it's beef"
Expect me to go all out, jump in and bust my heat
First off, bruh, you not my peeps
Yeah, I know we from the same town and shit, but we ain't that deep
We never stuck nothing, oxed something, ran together, popped something
I thought ya team was wolves, cocksucker, stop fronting
You barking like you got the town in a smash
I'd never lay down for you, faggot nigga, you ass
 + (sample)
Wop them niggas that be yelling that (I'll die for you)
When they broke you be heating that (I'll die for you)
Just stick 'em for they packs, they be crying (I'll die for you)
And just bitch mothafuckas burn...Embed
Alright, now, this is how we gon' do this shit
You know what I'm sayin'? Niggas wasn't out in the streets back then when was doing this shit, son
You know what I mean?
Yeah, check the story

I done flushed bags of powder down project toilets
You could've found of me on the steps dusted, unable to call it
Jums in my pocket, the rental was stolen
Tappin' pockets on the local drug dealers just to see what they holdin'
I know niggas with crack vials stuck to they colon
The acid done bubbled up, now they stomachs is swollen
That's just life in the hood, ceramic glass when we baggin' our stash
The ultraviolet haze, we hit it and pass
We toast to the ghosts of old days (Yeah)
Old age, uh-huh
We rap renegades, must stay paid

Get money (Get money)
Get money, Ghost (Get money)
Get money (Get money)
Get money, Ghost (Get money)

Yeah, big fluffed-out Gooses on, Stan Smiths
The housing cops can suck our dicks
We jumping out of convertible matchbox shit
Next drip inhaling, chillin', my throat frozen, my orange brick
Bottles of Cru', bitches with Baby Phats, they swinging axe
They singing, "You still blinging, daddy, now bring it back"
To smoke these rap niggas, honey, I'ma need a match
To bust the game wide open, I'ma need an axe
I juggle this, practice, smuggle heroin in the cactus
Keep it hood, I still go and fuck a fat bitch
Actress, slinging the backs of five Cleopatras
A cocaine chef, I stretch money like elastic
Nigga, my raps is bigger, dynamics with the muscle advantage
Jay Cutler on dust when I blam shit
You might also like
Get money (Get money)
Get money, Ghost (Get money)
Get money (Get money)
Get money, Ghost (Get money)

Yo, we been bagging since eighteen, kid, Polo rugs on with gloves on
Rented cars, frontin' on winning broads
Gum slow, half moon, leather pants, Avia' days
Keep your hands off my blunt and my waves
Benetton, Superman bomb, everybody in the lobby, we clapping
Hats on, protectin' your moms, you know how we play
Spray somethin' down if the team say
It's on, I dedicate my lines to the PJs
Triple beams, Pyrex jars, smokin' nickel beans
All we did is look mad fly, icicle rings
Whatever, homeboy, you want it? You could get your receipt
A lil' closer, you can sense we got heat
It's only me plus four other ill gangsters
We all anxious
To blow up your block and spank shit

Get money (Get money)
Get money, Ghost (Get money)
Get money (Get money)
Get money, Ghost (Get money)
Yo, I'm down for the get down, hit the town, sic the bloodhounds on 'em
I rip clowns, I flip pounds, I spit rounds
I'm on the prowl, my stomach growl, crushed by the crowd
Rush through Loud Records, drop mushroom clouds
I'm not around, I'm spellbound, I melt down your G-Force with heat walks
Free falling to a bed of money, bet he's hungry
Spread the honey, big head inside the Humvee
Mix lead inside my lungies, spend bread on my dungarees
And such and such, Ghost plugged me with this slut
Bitch, don't hug me, bug me, I'm ugly when I fuck
I'm hard like a jungle hunter, bust off in Heather
Double cross me, lift your boss off your feet, course he's feather
Whatever, whatever, he cried in the Benz
Tennis players get fried, playin' both sides of the ends
Keep your eyes on your friends 'cause they spy for the feds
Watch me rise from the dead, I got ties with the dreads

Get money (Get money)
Get money, Ghost (Get money)
Get money (Get money)
Get money, Ghost (Get money)Embed
Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yeah, yo, yeah, yo

Catch me on yo' brochure with beachballs, at least three whores
Head wop Queens know how to work they jaws
They skintone is coffee and milk, mixed up
Ass as big as my boss' wife, stomach ripped up
Spitting liquor in they mouth, cold Moet
Captain Morgan, taking flicks, posing, holding my tech
With cowboy hats and coach bags, they party like rockstars
Bo Gary watches, just chill, they down in the shark bars
And me, gunslinger, clips, cock D
My fashion on, I'm rocking 'em new Rasheeds
I'mma finish ya, go in brother like Mr. Cee
You could find me fucked up like the mice in cheese
Life's a B, Bentley and big bills
Bottles, biscuits, bitches, blunts, bad boys bodying pit bulls
Karate, black belt and I bring booze
To big bar brawls, ball games blasting, fuck 'til my balls blue

We like the black Yankees, old vets who sit in the rest
Thankful, counting up currency and move when it rain, pour
From every bitch that we bless, we hit up, automatic love
The Cuban Link niggas is the realest
My wallet walk, speak to niggas, cops, judges
We put it down, Columbian style, with three killas
Based on money, dummies'll die
It ain't funny, trying to front on mine, we get in ya mommy
Keep cool, nigga, read him the rules, before he bleeding in pools
And fuck my shit up, and I'mma just lose
Paid a lot of paper to live here
American Gangster status, Big Brother, lemme get in ya ear
You know what time it is, crime it is
No matter what rhyme it is
We gon' stay fly, hit lye, rock diamond shits (no question)
Based on a general's fist of fury
Neck, arm, money, all of that's crispy jewelry
You might also like
Let me show you how I g ride, nina on both sides
Nobody riding shotgun but the four-five
Nigga, if you won't try, I'll give ya something to regret
Throw that mothafucking semi to ya neck
Throw the other black Jimmy to ya chest
If you budge, you get stretched, nothing more, nothing less
Pay respect, I'm a element of Homicide Housing
In other words, bitch, I'm the resident from Homicide Housing
Known for drug dealing, stack thousands
Four hundred grand in the couches, two hundred grand on the houses
At any time I could move up out this
And go and cop some shit up in the moutains

Aiyo, aiyo, you know ya boy stay fresher than produce
Timberland snow boots, collecting more CREAM than a toll booth
I grind daily, Patriotic like Tom Brady
I'm the bomb baby, cuz what I write is beyond crazy
I'm the Don with the teflon armor, good karma, mac palmer
Call me Arab Diesel cuz I'm a track bomber
Roger that, my niggas ain't got it cracked
All we do is dollar stack, get twisted like bottlecaps
While you on the block getting indicted
We island hopping, globe trotting through the friendly skies flying United
There's a party over here and everybody's invited
The headliners is Theodore and everybody's excited
Fuck that, 'bout time we took it back to the block
The task force coming, I got crack in my sock
White Rock on the dinner plate, get cash, shit is hot
Smash whips on the Interstate, we dash on the cops
It's them dudes, drug slingers, 1-6-Ooh
Crime figure, rhyme spitter, his gun spit too
Call 'em Sex Pistols, ravishing, nigga, I'm Rick Rude
And ain't many mothafuckas could fit up in Rick's shoes
Man, listen, ice glisten, they love the life we living
That's a given, like football players love white women
White linen, a tight denim, that ass look right in 'em
Shit, I'm riding 'em, cool as Kahlua's with ice in 'em, shit...
 + (Cappadonna)
Aiyo, yo, yo, yo, yo, yo I pass the mic to Cap (Nah, I pass it back)
Never, son, hold that, you the master of the rap attack
So knick knack patty wack (This is how we do it black)
(Slap you with the almanac) Where actual facts is sold as facts

We on our grown man shit like Quincy Jones
Travelling across the world while we smoking the bone
We grinding, y'all niggas know what we do
We get it in with the Murderland, Chi-town too
Hit you up, something nice 'til the death of Yakub
Swagger stuck on ya face like a New Jack tool
Right back at you, yeah me and my dude Toney
We don't fuck with fake contracts and niggas that's phony
Trying to get this money, right homey
And lay back in the Riverside, just chill, relax the domepiece
Link up with a fly dime, brick and a chrome piece
Coming for that gwop, yeah nigga, you got beef
{*skit of Ghostface and co. speaking during concert follows*}Embed
This life will fade away... (away)
So hard to appreciate... (appreciate)
Each moment, of each day
Life's quick, don't flip, move slow, ya rushing it
Oh... oh... oh...

Looking lavish, I lace all my bunnies with karats
Spending millions and make music, I pay for the clearance
Cuz tomorrow ain't promised and my bankroll's bursting
Connects with Aston Martin, I'll be that first in
That prototype truck, with the space navigation
Cost of living go up, I'm just go on vacation
Fresh oxygen tanks, got world reknowned surgeons
Plush robes made from suede and knitted by virgins
First breath of the day can be my last
So I flash, give my niggas some cash, I just pull out the stash
Buy a million dollar piece like I buy a pack of seeds
You buy OZ's of haze, I buy a forest full of trees


Order that bottle of Louis the thirteenth and some Dom P
I got a bunch of chicks that love to get raunchy
See, Tone double-dipped and I nut like Flanders
Ask Tamia and Chevon, I got 'em both going bananas
Buying frosted bracelets, Louis Vuitton duffles
French vanilla ice cream and hot apple pie truffles
Fly Mika to Costa Rica, I got a crib on the beach
With underwater lights and surround sound speakers
Pet cheetahs, tiger sharks and dolphin feeders
Fly French maids, serving Grey Goose by the liters
Got Felecia and Taquesha, Crystal and Katie
Little Precious, picking my poppy seeds out in Haiti
You might also like

Slow down, slow down, slow down
Slow down, slow down, slow down
Slow down, slow down, slow down
Slow down, slow down, slow down
Slow down, slow down, slow down
Slow down.... slow down...
Life's quick, don't flip, move slow, ya rushing it

Slow it down, I need money though
YouknowI'msaying? This just, just what I do
On the streets, y'knahmean?
Babies need Pampers, man
YouknowI'msaying? I don't know
I think about it, I think about it, yanahImean?
My responsibilities, I've gotta focus more
You might be right though, you know
Maybe things'll start coming to me naturally, you feel me?
Starting praying more, youknowImean? Be with the family more
And, I might live longer, you feel me?
Word... you... just feel like you right, though
I don't know... I'mma take your advice thoughEmbed
Yeah, yeah... we gon' get high to this
(The world's crazy, son yeah.. you know)
We gon' get high to this (just something about her)
My girl's a killa, my girl's a killa
(You know, her bag was always heavy, everytime I been around it)
We gon' get high to this (and diners, and restaurants, I don't know)
Yeah... yo...

Aiyo, I couldn't get enough from the way she smell
Was it Baby Phat, J.Lo, or straight Chanel
Her face belongs in a Luther video, Never Too Much
The way she smile, her face look pretty, though
Hands is soft, feet, no calluses
Her father owned six Palestine palaces
Laying out in New York, plush villas in Vegas
Greatest designer wear, son, she sport the latest
So I, pause the smooth talk, made her a drink
Blew her a kiss, as I sat down, she smiled and winked
Stood up, grabbed my hand, what up, slid ya boy to the bedroom
Popped the suitcase, I'm in the lead room
This check was loaded, equipped, with fifths
Porcelain handles with horse back kicks, whispered
"You know what, Ghost, I do hits" But niggas get fooled
By the sexyness, I'm a real gritty bitch
You might also like
Killa Lipstick, my femme fatale, with the biscuits
A hit chick, now I'm number one on her hitlist
She killing the game, cuz she the business
Type of chick that love you to death, then leave no witness
Killa, I call you Killa cuz you slay me
Killa, you murda, mami? Ooh, you such a fucking lady
Killa, drive me half crazy, let's go half on this baby
Killa Lipstick, k-k-killa

Yeah, this white chick from L.A., she smelled like Downy
Had her best friend named Jade, from Rockland County
Double cokeheads who love cartoons, type chicks who eat pussy
Listen to Prince and play with they wombs
Flight attendant out of Delta Airline, get money girls
Travelled the world, only one did jail time
Jade, her father's a judge, same nigga in the O.J. case
When he tried on the glove, but uh, in this scenario, four A.M
The bars closed, now we at it again
Drunk nigga, come out I'm popping mad shit, he's past lit
Nancy Drew, drew out her purse, the blue steel ratchet
Didn't even say shit, she blasted, barrel smoking
Shot the Henny out his hand for laughing
These are my bitches, Nancy and Jade
Natural born killas be letting they guns blaze... god damn!

Look she tired of the same old basic, let's face it
This is how she wants to be laced, I'm raping it
Anywhere, I'm taking it, she loving how the gangsta flex
This is thug sex, Iking it, nasty talk
As she liking it, spanking it, she biting the sheets
She's a freak, my view from the embassy suites
Is off the beach shore, Dirty would've love you, mami
'You like it raw?' A tear drop, fucking you slow
I see your knees knock, your love is so sweet
If I switch beats, and hit you with angles, you might breathe
You know the Godbody make healthy wise seeds
You, plus a glass of weed, is all he need
You could travel so far, look, maybe book a flight to Mars
To escaping at, one forty two?
They take Jet Blue for two, into Long Beach
Rain lifted whipping the port, from when I touch
Look something nice up in the stash, hit a Dutch
1Embed
Sometimes I wonder, do he love me
Life is so hard for me
This ain't the way it's supposed to be
I pray every night asking for forgiveness
Sometimes ask myself is it worth it
Life is so pain, painful
Yet I'm so thank, thankful
Life won't be easy and I know that
My past is over, wish I can go back
Maybe I'll change it
Rearrange it
Sometimes in life we all feel like we've fallen
Those who suffer in life will be rewarded
Lord I hear you but it's so hard being strong
I keep reminiscing all my loved ones that are gone
He said "Son, you should know you're born to die"
I said "I do, it's just so hard saying bye"
That's why I feel like, you don't hear me
Sometimes I wonder, do you love me
Life is so hard for me
This ain't the way it's supposed to beYou might also likeEmbed
Get the mic on
I don't know what happened, son
I just lost my mind, son
It's like I wasn't strong, G, I couldn't hold it when I seen it
A nigga flesh on me, I can't really-- I couldn't hold it, G
I don't know, I'mma, listen, no I went like this, nigga

I walk around acting strange, like a man in a daze
People talking to me and calling my name
But I don't hear a word they say...

It was him, the cornerstore and a buttered roll
The shit dropped when I gave him two stomach holes
One to the face, he fell sideways
I was up close, so part of his nose was stuck to my padres
Standin' over him shakin', kid, screamin'
He slapped my girl, that's the reason why I was f'in to lean 'im
Everything got real slow, I ain't hear shit, my word
At least 40 seconds, I stay dead stiff
I pound him with the gun out, Big Din came, opened my hand
Removed the gun and the 16 spun out
He floored past 90 on the BQE
I threw up all on his door, splashed his Gucci seats
I couldn't speak, I'm in a state of shock
About now there should be yellow tape on the block, a raid at my spot
Hey, yo, I feel a li'l bugged out, insane, I lost my mind
People tellin' me, Ghost, you actin' mad strange
You might also like
See what I'm sayin'? I don't know, I just don't feel right
Havin' flashbacks, bugged out, man, knahmean?
Nah, I don't wanna go to the clinic, I don't want the hospital, son
You know, I just feel like I'm lost, reality, man, y'knahmean?
My face feels numb, son


Flashbacks to me blowin' his brains out
All I remember's my shirt, I couldn't get them goddamned stains out
Oxy cleans weak 'round the chest area
Righthand side, I'm pluckin' off li'l pieces of meat
And my goons want me to bounce to Tennessee
But I said no, I got these two snow-bunnies in Venice Beach
On the low, son, I sleep with the hawk, in East New York
'Round my man Killa' way where all the murderers walk
Manhunt, police searches, swat ran in my crib
Battering rams, early mornin', yo, waking my kids
Now my aunt gotta stay wit' my wiz
She paranoid, havin' anxiety attacks cause of these pigs
Plus my connect, they goin' crazy, they try'na slay me
I told 'em, Friday I'll have they money, faggots try'na play me
I'll never eat up out a garbage can
I'll Larry Davis a cop, and if I make it alive, it was the Father's plan
I ain't goin' nowhere, I ain't goin' nowwhere, I'm aight, I'm aight
But I know one thing, if anybody touch me, I'm blowin' they head smooth off
Cops, connects, I don't give a fuck, they gon' feel that Eagle, they gon' feel that Desert
They gon' feel that Bulldog, y'knahmean? I don't give a fuck
Don't put me in no mental clinics, it ain't nothin', y'knahmean?
If I make it out alive, I make it out alive, if not, fuck it
Yo, I can't take this shit no more, it's too hype
Niggas thinkin' I'm buggin' out, I ain't buggin'
Y'all niggas'd be buggin' out too if you had somebody's flesh on you
Motherfuckers, fuck ya'll niggas, I ain't goin' crazy
Sleepin' on couches and shit... I'm goin' back outside, fuck ya'll niggas, man

I walk around acting strange, like a man in a daze
People talking to me and calling my name
But I don't hear a word they say
I walk around acting strange, like a man in a daze
People talking to me and calling my name
But I don't hear a word they say
I know my Mother's worried about me
Cause they might have to put me away at any time
Cause when my baby packed up her clothes and left me
She oh! I believe she took my mind...1Embed
{*church bell ringing*}
Yeah, yeah, we want all that shit, we'll take all that shit
Sneak up on 'im right, feel me?
Soon as he turn around, just yapp this nigga
I got everything, youknowImean?
They ain't gotta do nothing, but just search them bitches
Let's go...

Nobody move, nobody get hurt
This is a stick up, I want y'all to lift y'all skirts
I mean shirts, take ya hoodies off, jackets and watches
Before you put ya hands on the wall, empty ya pockets
Fix ya face, this a robbery, nigga, respect the juks
Stop shaking, you making me nervous, I know that you shook
The fuck is that sticking out from under ya foot?
Move, turn ya head around, nigga, you better not look
Stacks, you hiding from Tone? I'll shake, rattle ya bones
You killed him! Nah, hit him with the back of the fucking chrome
In the dark, yo, I do this alone
That's the reason why I don't shake hands, in case I gave you a phone
That's a buck fifty, long hickey, when I strike I do it quickly
Creep up on my victims swiftly, make it hard for you to stick me
Cuz if we shoot it out, cuz if I die tonight you coming with me
Bitch-ass nigga, eat through ya chest like some fucking whiskey
You might also like
BOY! Gut him like a pig in the dark
Or auction off ya bitch body parts
BOY! Poison a guard dog, disarm the alarm devices
Throw ya head in vicegrips (yeah)
BOY! Or stick a hot blade through his heart
Get to sticking niggas for the right prices
BOY! Yeah, this is priceless.. GET 'EM!

Aiyo, I post up, packed the shotti
Black mags in lobbies, with red dots, to detach the body
If you a boss, why ya cash is sloppy?
This a Staten Island burglar gang, ock, not no Ave could stop me
I'm on the road, not no massive robbery
When it come to that dough, it over flow like paper bag tsunamis
I take shit, lumberjacks and Tommy's
Niggas passing out bombs like Culpepper, so I pass behind 'em
My black glove, black mask, requirements
Sent the order to Trife Dies', and he gon' send 'em fast, they flying in
These cowards couldn't clash our lion's den
That forty-four mag'll twist ya aves and the cav you flying in
We hoping out cabs like Iron Men
It's hard to believe how niggas leave with no bag supplying sense
Empty cuz my staff is hiring
Canine dogs with felonies duck fast when firing

Aiyo, we carry arms like a octopus
Shorty's strapped with the mac inside her pocket book
Blowing all lots of kush
Dark tints on the V so the D's can't spot the crooks
Just throw ya hands in the sky, don't try to stop the juks
Face down, lay on the ground, no sudden moves
Yo, then, take off his Timbs and get the work out his shoes
Rip off the pockets out his shoes, make sure he come out his used
I hear sirens, plus the cameras is watching, it's time to move
If you lolly-gagging, word to mama, I'll body bag 'im
Leave his frame riddled with holes, looking like Gotti had 'im
Bragging, juked, in the wagon, laughing
We slid a few blocks down, this kid was frozen
With stones so we decided to yapp 'im
I put the tool in his mouth, said "You don't want the action
These ain't E pills, nigga, these is fuckin aspirin!"
Bean, blast 'im, Homo' get his girl for his cash and
Yo, E, go stop the whip, they 'bout to witness a slashing" (BOY!)Embed
Oh yeah, as we celebrate hip-hop, baby
Oh yeah, as we celebrate hip-hop, baby, whoa
Yeah, it's Ghostface and the man Kid Capri
Let's celebrate New York, around the world
And yo, Ghostface, go in heavy, man, let's do it!

(I just want to celebrate)
Like my squad won the Super Bowl
(I just want to celebrate)
Like we bangin' on New Years Eve, y'all
(I just want to celebrate)
Like we just beat trial
(I just want to celebrate)
We hype for just being here

Stones on every arm, the crib is ten million
The corks from Dom Perignon can't reach my ceiling
Four maids with four grenades
When the sun's in my face, all I do is lower the walls for shade
The pool's a pain in the ass, 50 grand on Windex, kid
They keep it clean, the whole bottom is glass
So you can see the sharks and piranhas, a pair of pajamas
That's my neighbor, the faggot disresepecting my mama
No cars in the garage, it's underground shit
They way the floor open up you think I'm hiding spaceships
French chefs, the best grapes on they breath
Louie aprons on the Yank cats, the puffy cooks the rest
Besides, I got birds that never leave the nest
They fuck with me, I'll watch 'em confess, then I'll go rest
Get back up, deposit them checks
Muthafuckas fuckin' up a good time by snappin' your necks
You might also like
(I just want to celebrate)
Like my baby's first steps, you heard?
(I just want to celebrate)
Like my first time platinum, y'all
(I just want to celebrate)
Like my first piece of nookie, uhh
(I just want to celebrate)
We hype for just being here

Money for everybody, candy to the kids
Catch me on dateline, Starky too big
I'm like a mannequin; I stay jig
Mansion parties for all star weekend in my L.A. crib
We came to party, run out of Goose we got Dollies
Shorty's sweatin' me, check out her body
Throw up your hands like it's your birthday, mami
Let's celebrate, now I got her girlfriends behind me
Now I'm in the middle, watch is all chiseled
I can holla at the birds, like Dr. Dolittle
(What's that in your pocket, Ghost?) A Dill pickle
(Not that) Oh, that's the .45 stainless nickel
I'm pullin' a green, got a G for the biggest ass on the floor who look right in them jeans
If you fat, I might take one for the team
But I gotta get drunk first, know what I mean? Come on!
(I just want to celebrate)
Like we won the Power Ball money
(I just want to celebrate)
Tony Starks won an Oscar, y'all
(I just want to celebrate)
Like all of my goons just came home
(I just want to celebrate)
We 'bout to have a good year

Na-na-na-na-nah, you can't catch me
I'm out like Thomas in a five-fifty
Police be fiending to frisk me
I'm so legit I walk away with the car keys pissy
Back at the labo, shorty wop need a Dutch
He fuckin' wit a Goose dick, tonight I'ma beat it up
Your thing to wet, you sure you ain't seeded up?
(That's how I get, Ghost, especially when you eat it up)
My goodness gracious, ass is flirtatious
Move it around like a snake miss or sexy waitress
Ghost don't have no patience
I like you, I usually change chicks like radio stations
I'm definitely not looking for love
But if you give it to me right now I might say I was
You can chill if you want, I got crazy bud
But before we do, what it do, go jump in the tub; come on!
(I just want to celebrate)
Throw your hands up, nigga
(I just want to celebrate)
Pop the 'pagne, pop the cork
(I just want to celebrate)
Representin' on the streets of New York
(I just want to celebrate)
{Ghostface} We 'bout to have a good year

Yeah, we gets it in, gets it in, gets it in
New York, we been had it, we gets it in
Outta town we fuckin' up but gets it in
Worldwide we doin', we gets it in
The Ghostface, Kid Capri, I gets it in
That's no joke, when we here, we get it in
No kiddin', in the building
Getting it in, all day, getting it in...Embed
Is it a bird? Is it a plane? (no it's Ghost, no it's Ghost)
What did y'all discover?
Is it a bird? Is it a plane? (no it's Ghost, no it's Ghost)
It's a Superman lover...

Yeah, yeah, yeah
Aiyo, I'm coming up the block, got my hands on the ratchet
And these fucking little faggots don't believe it's Ghost
Well, surprise mothafucka, Starkey Love got breakfast
Got some steaming hot biscuits, you can eat this toast
Shots blow through ya meatloaf and lace ya back
Turn you over like a pancake and take ya gat
That's not damn near the half of it
Cops came, said the Killahs ain't risk game and the flow's so accurate
Anything's possible, black, you mad profitable
Waste no time, breath, air on popping you
Put you on the guest list, go dance with death
The club's dead, yeah, you right, you the last one left
See the spooks in, goths in, devils in, fire's in
You dwelling in hell where them snitch niggas lyin, friend
Ya skin start bubbling from in the hot oven
Say peace to my man down there, K-Dozen
It's Ghost, pressing y'all clowns on the regular
Dead you on a five pack, then take ya cellular
Don't get it twisted, black, cuz I'll bury ya
This is just weed money, the more, the merrier
You might also like
They call me the Superman lover
Said, they call me the Superman lover
Yeah, plus I'm wrong...

Aiyo, G4 jets with like three and four pets
Sex, Beck's, chicken and hens, all the same sex
Walk through the Amazon, spilling Dom, Moet
To find my way back I gotta leave a trail of baguettes
My tongue's like a four-pound, my game is ill
Twist a chick like a Rubik's cube, now what's the deal?
Chocolate, light skin, meet Mr. Excitement
Got my D.D.L. on me, that's my Dick 'em Down License
Never wife 'em, strike just like lightning
I stay piping, hype just like Hype is
Bitches wanna see me and my rhinestone drawers
Call in sick at work, then they take off
For me, spread 'em out for Starky
My mouth makes music like Biz Markie
I get it in like any car key
My stroke is on, I'm never rusty
Uh-uh, but if you wanna play, this is what you gonna say
That I got the best D, he could hit it all day
Something like a rising star that's on Broadway
Sex real live with a Illmatic foreplay

 + (sample)
Oh shit, it's that Bally, it's that slick Bally
'88 material, little niggas don't know nothing about this though
Check it out y'all (look) come on (look) yeah, come on
(Up in the sky) When I'm at the bar, or in a rented car (look)
(You'll see me flying by) Ya see the jewerly truck, don't touch
Yeah, yeah, come on, when I'm in the streets
Might show you the heat (look, flying straight past ya)

 + (sample)
Toney Starks Radio (something ain't wrong with me)
Mama got a big butt, mama got a big butt
Toney Starks Radio right here
Mama got a big butt, mama got a big butt
Smooth FM, you know how we do, come on
Wave ya hand in the air like this
Mami, wave ya hands in the air like this
Put 'em up if you trying to get rich
Put 'em up if you trying to get rich
Uh, that's right, get rich
Let's go, that's right, get rich
Ghostface, Ghostface...
Staten Island, New York, what's upEmbed

Bob Digi, U G.O.D, Raekwon the Chef, the Inspectah Deck
M.E.T.H.O.D., the B.O.B.B.,
Straight up, Masta Killa, the GZA/The Genius
It's the Ol' d-d-d- d-d-d- d-d-Dirty Bastard!
 1, 2, 1, 2, (Killa Beez) turn it up
The headphones, turn it up.. yo you hear me?
 Whattup Tony?
 Wassup don-don?
 All the way up...
 You know how we do...
 Let's get this paper together...
 You motherfuckin' right Pa, uh huh
 What's up, y'all?
 We wanna do it nigga
 You know how I do...
 Sound about to go in on some real Wu shit, uh huh
 W-T-C
 That's right
 Ya know what I mean?
 GHOST-FACE KILLAH!
 Lemme give y'all the bullshit hook for y'all niggas
Check it out...
You might also like
The burners and the stash, we 'bout the cash
We got females that got it like that
The golden childs that bone the crowd
See, niggas in the place that bit my style
Well, I'm a singer, dancer, we bulletproof brothers
Wu-Tang got the answer
Cause if I had a chance to do it again
I will still keep the heat in my pants-uh

Y'all be nice to the crackheads, everybody listen up
I shot one of my bitches, the ho ain't trick enough
Word life to big screen Don, tapping dustbones out
With starwriters like I fucked Celine Dion
Stuck everything that's the god's honest beyond
We airin' niggas out, that's the type shit that we on
Official Wu-Tang headbanger
Flood your space with big waves like you did in Sri Lanka

I drink heavy gallons of cru, play the big part
Niggas got squid on the grill, selling kids Clarks
Finesse notes, yo, the Guess on with the vest pose
Yellow swede one matching hat with the grey gun
Niggas be rhymin' for nothing, then my team pull up
We all throw down y'all broke niggas stay frontin'
Lines come digital stupid, plus ain't got no jewelry on
Bet I'm still live and I'm coopin'
Two of my silverbacks run through a pack of your wolves
Front on react, we're sippin' Cognac brew relax dude
Know I'm with these cracks dude
Yo, 1-2, Dirt McGirt
Solid tone smith with 6th shots, lick shots
Leave your head like a Shaolin monk with 6 dots
Brooklyn Zoo, Zoo
Brooklyn Zoo

It's the return of Bin Laden, grab your armor
Smash pretty boy niggas, crush their karma
Eat bones with alligators, roll deep with my entourage
My whole crew's fresh out the bars
Diggler AKA the Cab Driver
Drop him off in the middle of fire
Dirty Island, drag bodies to the Murderland
Knock niggas out hurtin' my hand

I remember in the elevator we was playin' corners
Now we play the corners and the cops is stayin' on us
Staten's where the war is
Where the court system's running out of warrants
Where TNT be jumping out the Taurus
For real I can't call it
You see I love Lucy cause she Lawless
Exactly like that 1-0-3-0-4 is
Snitch niggas swallow your tongue
Already know the island I'm from
And y'all don't want no problems with them
We got a history full of lightning victories
Conceptual breakthrough, it ain't no mystery
Long vision from giants in every way
Rap czars, magnificent flows for every day
From the East to the 'ville, from the West to the hills
Incredible rhymes, encouraging skills
From rat packs, the smallest crews were enormous
We hit 'em fast with an effortless performance
MCs start fleeing in flocks
Especially those that's more sensitive to heat and shock

We grindin' down to the bone, my name grounded in stone
I'm Mr. Violence we loungin' with chrome
Mr. Violence we lounge in his home, hit the housing on Rome
Shining like a hundred thousand in stones
Move mountains with poems, got a jones for dinero
1-6-zero my songs we throwin' elbows
The hoes cling, sho thing, we know kings
Only dime dikes with minds right, we choose Queens

Yeah, we wild like rockstars who smash guitars
Yo, son, split his face with the toast, he ain't ghost
It's no joke iron coat rifle with the stroke
One toke brains float, shot to the throat
Before the smoke hit, witness the killing, chilling crime scene
Body on the block, eyes open from the shock
Of being popped in the neck
Yet he still held a lit cigarette between his fingers
Danger when you step into the chamber with the Masta
Disaster, gotta blast ya cause I have to

The rat pack is back from the island of Stat'
Leave you cursed dust, cause you worship the Gat
The first one to snap drunk off the Smirnoff
Blow the bouncer's ear off, let him floss he the boss
Handcuffed, to the turntables like Wizard Theodore
See it's pure, let it rain pearly ounces
Bang him with the thing that hang from the trousers
You don't want no drama, I'm flaming fast
That nigga jumped up and did the Damon Dash3Embed
We run the city

Today's agenda, got the suitcase up in the Sentra
Go to room 112, tell 'em Blanco sent ya
Feel the strangest, if no money exchanges
I got these kids in Ranges, to leave them niggas brainless
All they tote is stainless, you just remain as
Calm as possible, make the deal go through
If not, here's 12 shots, we know how you do
Please make yo' killings clean, slugs up in between
They eyes, like "True Lies," kill 'em and flee the scene
Just bring back the coke or the cream
Or else, your life is on the shelf, we mean this Frank
Them cats we fuckin with put bombs in your mom's gas tank
Let's get this money baby, they shady, we get shady
Dress up like ladies and burn 'em with dirty 380's
Then they come to kill our babies, that's all out
I got gats that blow the wall out, clear the mall out
Fuck the fallout, word to Stretch, I bet they pussy
The seven digits push me, fuckin real, here's the deal
I got a hundred bricks, fourteen-five apiece (uh-huh)
Enough to cop a six; buy the house on the beach (uh-huh)
Supply the peeps with Jeeps, brick apiece, capiche?
Everybody gettin cream no one considered them leech
Think about it now that's damn near one-point-five
I kill 'em all I'll be set for life
Frank pay attention
These motherfuckers is henchmen, renegades
If you die they still get paid, extra probably
Fuck a robbery, I'm the boss
Promise you won't rob 'em
I promise
But of course you know I had my fingers crossed
You might also like
Niggas got to die, if I go they got to go
Niggas got to die, let a hundred shots float
Niggas got to die, cause it's all up in the scrolls
Catch a body on the bridge, three bricks, live kid
... if I go they got to go
Niggas got to die, let a hundred shots float
Niggas got to die, cause it's all up in the scrolls
Catch a body on the bridge, three bricks, live kid

We up in the lab, two Spanish, one Arab lady
Layin on the bed, lookin like a drag
Had the pillow cuffed, lookin at me and Frank, her grill was rough
Who woulda ever think she'd rather do us up
But that's the business, back to the sitch
On these Puerto Rican kids with pistols
Doin sign language is twitchin noses
Ask 'em where the money at, yo where the coke at papi?
We can do this all day, yo y'all both whack
They pulled out, one of my dunn soldiers was wombed out
They snuck up on him, put the tool up in his mouth
Walked them up in crib, big move, but they grabbed the kid
Had the shotty on my beehive, my wig
And yo they took me to the bathroom, started up the chainsaw yo
You gon' talk or see your brains on the floor
That's when 6 to 7 masked men, came in blastin yo
All I heard was Frank, "Lexi get the raw!"
Niggas got to die, if I go they got to go
Niggas got to die, let a hundred shots float
Niggas got to die, cause it's all up in the scrolls
Catch a body on the bridge, three bricks, live kid
If I go they got to go
Niggas got to die, let a hundred shots float
Niggas got to die, cause it's all up in the scrolls
Catch a body on the bridge, three bricks, live kid

Bleed just like us, believe my pipe bust
If he holdin the right amount of cheese I might rush the spot
Up early in the mornin, kick the door in, wave the 4 an'
(fuck) the brawlin, cause Tony for the stallin
And all I see is dollar signs, here's the bottom line either
Give up the product or get shot up with a brolic 9
Invest figures to address (niggas)
Workin out, all I curl is my index finger
Got a safe that hold more notes than Cortex singers
My work is move trays, serve 'em up like gourmet dinners
When it comes to cuttin that (coke), who got the best trimmers
Edward Scissorhands them grams, (niggas) respect winners
I got them big spenders comin through, hourly
Competition, we knock 'em out the box, powerfully
Still drop a ill verse, on the D.I., me
You might be gone, but the legacy is B.I.G., nigga
Uh-huh
Yo I think they tryin to do somethin man
I don't know what it is but we gon' go in there handle this business man
Straight up, y'knahmean?
It's goin down...
Let's go handle this man...1Embed

Congratulations, we have refreshments and glass bracelets
Avian water's ya choice, put ice
I'm missing a g-note, fixed price
But the only thing fixed, is the holes that we put in the dice
Rocks is okay, my voice is extraordinaire
The man that scrapped with lions, hiberated with polar bears
Hope I don't play with baking soda in my older years
Mantles'll sit up like hill, I'd have to fold my beard
Check one, two, Sonny, tell Bob to dim the lights up
You see the studs, I want the red strobe to hit it right
Stones are screaming, hot lattes, the rosees
My robes is a murder statement, you fucking with rode rage
Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls
Children of all ages, I pack metal like braces
Snap of the fingers, bitches fighting over my paper
Y'all need to chill, sit the fuck down and fix ya makeup
Ghost is ya host, so allow me, hand me ya coats
Bentley Farnsworth, will check them proudly
We got D-Block, Wu-Tang, Jay-Z and Nas
Also performing 50 Cent, Terror Squad
From the top, we have the great Luda, Jeezy and Wayne
T.I., Rick Ross, Rich Boy, Snoop and The Game
And for my ladies, we have, Ne-Yo with Usher
Y'all have a seat, we be right back, mothafucka...
You might also like
Come on, this commercial break's almost over
OutKast, M.J.G., you're at Talib's table
Fab, U.G.K., table seven, let's go, come on
Yo, Beans, Toney said "Good looking on that haze"
Commercial, come on, let's go, guys...
Coming back in, five, four, three, two, one...

Yeah, check out my band playing, Rhythm Roots Allstars
They play for DipSet, E-40, Lil' Jon, Jennifer Hudson and Norah Jones
Mary J. Blige, with her shades on, I could tell by her stones
On the left, we have Lenny Kravitz, Puffy, Pharrell, Bus
Keith Murray, Redman, hitting that double Dutch
What an event, peace to Denzel
Give this man a round of applause, he do it so well {*applause*}

Ladies and gents, ladies and gents...
Alright, alright, have a seat, have a seat...
Without further adiou, he needs no introduction
He is my co-host... Shawn Ripple!
(Alright, is this thing on? Eh, eh, sweetheart, come here
Got a hundred dollar bill tattooed on my cock
Heard you like to... blow money... hahaha)
It was amazing, I seen Robin Thicke and Robin Leech
Robin Givens, Robin Williams and Meryl Streep
A real award show, there's Kanye West
Pamela Anderson, and she brought both of them breasts
Paris Hilton and Lindsay, holding down Britney's skirt
No more free looks, you gotta put in work
To get a glimpse, seen Don Juan with all of his pimps
And they hoes on they side, sipping they four-fives
And Billy Dean...

Excuse me, have you seen Alicia Keys?
Tell her the limo's outside, she's bouncing with me
The Don, y'all rappers don't steal my ash trays
My coat hangers is diamonded out like my last gates
Superhead, gave the low scoop to Halle
She said, before Whitney, she was fucking with Bobby
Mos Def, The Roots, Common and Nelly
Ice Cube, Dr. Dre, Three 6 Maf', yo, and she fucked O.J... word?Embed
Aiyyo, turn those lights down while I'm recording!
Matter 'fact y'all niggas get the fuck out the room, G!
Straight up! Sipping on that bullshit Budweiser!
Nah'mean yo.. what? Fuck you too, nigga!
'Kind of pants you got on motherfucker, Capris?!
Bitch ass nigga, go get ya feet done!
Eat a dick nigga!

Catch me in the 80's drop
Old school Mercedes with a brand new baby Glock
Right from my Lady's sock with two bodies on it
Capricorn, Aquarius
Lost so much blood, these bitch niggas in they periods
They say I be living the role, like 'Pac in Juice
And only fuck with cute bitches that can fly and boost
And they ears be chandeliers, lit up like a lamp, Who cares?!
They cooch is fierce, the only thing loose is hairs
That's right y'all, if a rap nigga say my name I'm a fight y'all
Fuck a state, light charge
My predicate status, irrelevant
My man got the big rap sheet that's outweighing two elephants
Jumbo shits from New Orleans
Players and Pimps that bit off Fiends
Quick, switch with the hands, Powder blue wally's is dyed, Vanilla Bally's is mean
Can't none of y'all motherfuckers fuck with my team, Uh!
You might also like
Aiyyo we the live niggas holding heat on the street corners
Sic the beasts on you, turn mothers to mourners
Money launderers, neighborhood coroners, place bodies in bags
Tango with dirty Cash, Cocaine jacks
"Kings of the Hill", out to blow like propane gas
Package the raw, Theodore, We got the game on smash
Cause we cut from the same cloth
Big guns ready to bang off
Slide off the cables and take the rings off!

We hold the weight of four Synagogues
Jelly'd uptown in them beat down rented cars
Going mad wetting 'em
Milk cash, heavy tecks, hood rats, sexing 'em
Paris crew, little dudes, please! I was repping 'em
Niggas couldn't come through (word)
That's when the block was like wallpaper, loved sticking niggas like crazy glue
Blackouts happened, God forbid don't be around!
The Bag Lady will murk you and let off in the next town!
She struck two times, get caught, good luck blood, it ain't no Heinz
Blow a hockey puck hole in the back of your spine
She put two cut up mirrors in the place of your eyes
So when the cops look they see theyselves, they all gonna die
Its the tale of the Crips and Bloods, pimps and thugs
Get your face bashed in on the concrete rug
On that note I'm a say peace!
Theodore! Word to Darryl Mack's teeth!

Yo, Ayo I'll break every bone in your wrist
Smack you in the back of your head on the block while you holding your dick
My semi, they call it the crouching tiger
A hundred bowls of Total is trash, because my lead eat through fibers
Peel your potato like Ore-Ida
On the day of your death people had candles but couldn't find no lighter
Fuck your mural! Fuck your hood!
You ain't a street legend like me!
Blake Carrington holding the Dynasty
I muffle motherfuckers up like Meineke
And write a thousand bar verse that all rhymes with "E"
Jewel thief, Shizzam bangles, in the vault deep
And cruising deserts mad heavy into salt treats
I'm the taste in Bush's mouth, nasty
Afghanistan missions, gun training in the grassy fatigues
Picking niggas off by the Red Sea
And did it all for Ghost, sniffing on caffeine!Embed
Standing at the bus stop
I heard a voice behind me saying: "Hi, baby"
Ohh I just fell all apart inside
Because I hadn't heard that voice in such a long time
I turned around...

That's right y'all, y'all shoulda seen what I did
So so pretty, so pretty - y'all hear how she sounds right?
She sounds crazy right? Yes
This what happened at the bus stop

She turned around and this grown lady said hi
I was quite stunned from the way she replied
Peace, nice to meet ya, sweetie call me Tony Starks
Ghost if you like ta, mind if I invite ya
Over for some red wine, nice Barry White huh
She pulled out a cigarette, hon here's a lighter
Her voice was a slow jam, full length white mink
Hella fine with a beauty mark on her right cheek
When she spoke her smoke floated when it left her throat
Spelled honey when she blew it out it turned to water word
I was infatuated
She put the perfume to her neck and sprayed it
Plus the bottle was nickel plated
It make a young girl steez yo feel outdated
And know the married chicks shopping with they man's hated
One stone on her finger was green, Maybelline
Cover Girl lipstick, Plumb color fingertips
Revlon face blush, oh-five-six shit
The ashes was hangin off her stog' so she flicked it
Damn, had to bundle up, I caught goosebumps
Plus the windchill factor had dropped, here the bus come
I never rush one, here take my number miss
I live alone, her face fell when I dropped the chrome
Damn, can I have YOUR number? {*bus pulls away*}You might also like1Embed
Just keep away ("Just keep away
Go on, it's not your fight")
It's not yours nigga, fall back
I'm about to blow something out here
Straight up, yeah, this is a family thing
We gon' handle our business and shit
These muthafuckas know not to come around here like that
This is real shit, real talk
Four different niggas, with four different aspects, nigga
This is family shit
Who the fuck said family ain't family no more, nigga?
This is tight shit, tighter than white in ya wallet

Yo, I'm talking heavy bags of coke, bracelets on every men
Innocent dope pushers, over night king pins
Indeed, we smack niggas up for their cheese
Throw bleach in yo face, got beef, let it be chuck
The streets don't know my peeps
Jumpin' out of UPS trucks, blowing niggas off they feet
With four-four gloves, rims spinning, tippin' on fo-fo's
My mouth be worth millions, something like Paul Wall's
Ladies look out; they ain't thugs, they homo's
The film look hyper, when I clap 'em in slo mo'
Ya'll still paying the mob? We whip niggas out like waffle batter
Theodore ancient with dart, flossin' them diamonds
Discussing our hits over a glass of scotch
Baywatch bitches that ski, take turns when they hand us the twat
Think not, we still run the trains, til the condom pop
On the low, we still fucking them cops
Pretty things from all precints, friday nights, we holding they Glocks
This is family, nigga, niggas can't stand me
Next up, my little man, I hand you the jammy
You might also like
You know the fam, what it is, it is what it is
S.I.N.Y., where the animals live
Ass bet, niggas run in yo cribs
I don't care if you blast for the cash, then scramble yo wig
I'm like "Damn, what a wonderful kid"
I could do what I want, doing dirt, not serving a bid
You know a real fam handle they biz, everybody get searched
From the grandpops, down to the kids
And my time, I'm officially here, tell ya man
Go and start up ya car, start shifting the gears
Sun God got the pits for his ears, cuz niggas is scared
Hoping I don't let it blow in they ribs
I said hot, niggas get robbed non stop
Once the gun cock, niggas strip down to they socks
And my fam at the tippity top, I won't stop
Believe it or not, you and ya man is close targets
Juks everything, dice games, mini markets
Fam gon' spark it, I'mma take whatever's in the pockets
Mostly the cash and the wallet, slide off the jewels
Cuz you shining, begets and the diamonds
Never deny niggas with iron (Yooo!)

Aiyo, chillin' with the Ceasar crew
We can smoke, all in the halls
It's how many niggas with guns, got 'em on
All tip top, cling to the fullest, mad bullets
This is a hobby, the lobby where they clap yo hoods
Get the paper, word to everything, we a acre up
Barbequin' like a mutt, we ain't taking nothing
A high tech extremist, Gatorade, paid ya boy some money
To lay up on the low, swinging beamers
I need to be an actor, but instead, I'd rather be in Hempstead
All of my bread came from crack barbers and shoppers
So much beef in these whoppers
Guns that'll knock out floors and hit choppers
What? What? The family remains, cuz it's grain
It's automatic, I live it and I claim it
It's real, come around here, you bought here
Yo, lay that half tape, then you will get wrapped real quick
Aiyo, we hug the block on President's Day
Slinging all year round, gettin' that money the American way
Might run up in yo wedding, grab the reverand and spray
And let the shots fall wherever they may
This is family, nigga, minus the mob ties
The resurrection of Toney Starks & Trife Dies', starring in Part 5
Niggas'll rather die when they're pride's in question
Try'nna play hero, getting stuck for they prized possessions
Look you staring in the eyes of oppression, that's why I ride with protection
Extended clips, super sizing my weapons
Five eleven, keep the heat tucked
That'll burn a hole thru ya stomach like acid reflux
Get buried in ya cheap tux'
We make it hard for you niggas to keep up
Been thru a hundred towns, and running, beating the streets up
Come up north in New York, down in Miami, pumping
At a table, breaking bread like a family

Florida, where we follow the code of the streets and
Breaking the beats and, we taking the eats
Never the least, we invading the streets
Shaking the beast, we familiar for life
We don't run, we grab knives, my double edged spit life
My dogs is real tight, shooting the dice
Some of my fam might snatch ya ice
Got family that go to church, come back like you don't work
Got family that'll set you up, got family that chill, wanna spark the dutch
Wizard my fam, that stuck you up, I got fam that'll fuck you up
Chop you up, put your body in the back of the truck
Osama Island, we been wilding, see the violence
We display talent, respect balance, nigga, Shaolin1Embed
Damn, this is for all my women
That been going through the struggle
On welfare, living the rough life
It's gonna be alright
Yes it yes uh
This is how we gonna do it
I want you to explain your story
Then I'ma tell you mines
Tell 'em
Hustling, striving, struggling surviving (momma, momma)
Never realizing, that you were a diamond (momma, momma)
Through the sun or the rain, through the pain I'ma hold you down (hold you down)
Through the good or the bad times (I got love for you)
Through the stress and the heart aches (so much love for you)

It's not ya momma's fault, it's ya father's fault
It's your father's fault your mother is an alcoholic
Confusing the brain from the booze and the pain
And plus he cheated on her, beated on her, smack-dab in the rain
She Lost her first child in 74
And that lead to nervous breakdowns
Bacardi dark she downing it raw
She can't take it she constantly crying falling down on her knees
Like "help me Lord please I'm ready to leave"
All she needed was somebody to rub her feet
Give her a nice hug and rescue her from off these streets, come on
You might also like
Hustling, striving, struggling surviving (momma, momma)
Never realizing, that you were a diamond (momma, momma)
Through the sun or the rain, through the pain I'ma hold you down (hold you down)
Through the good or the bad times (I got love for you)
Through the stress and the heart aches (so much love for you)

I been sent by an angel to snatch you up
Take you way above the clouds and back you up
At night you can lay in my arms feel the heart beating
Don status in the sheets I'm keeping you warm
Ain't no nigga gon' do what I do
I'ma take care of you and ya kids
Take the bent and go handle ya biz
The bills is paid, the cable's back on
I quote you know the seeds want they Nickelodeon on
I'm not ashamed to support you
Floss you or gloss you out
Fat, skinny out of shape I'll dior you out

Hustling, striving, struggling surviving (momma, momma)
Never realizing, that you were a diamond (momma, momma)
Through the sun or the rain, through the pain I'ma hold you down (hold you down)
Through the good or the bad times (I got love for you)
Through the stress and the heart aches (so much love for you)
In the hood there's a struggle, my girl is in trouble
She's lacking guidance in the mind she's blinded and puzzled
Her pops never showed her the ropes
Her moms raised mad kids on her own
She never had a strong man in her home

Nothing in this life, sun don't always shine
But it can't rain all the time (everything's gonna be alright)
Somebody sees your pain, you will never hurt again
I see you momma, I see you momma
You can cry yours eyes (cry your eyes)
It will be alright (it will be alright)

Hustling, striving, struggling surviving (momma, momma)
Never realizing, that you were a diamond (momma, momma)
Through the sun or the rain, through the pain I'ma hold you down (hold you down)
Through the good or the bad times (I got love for you)
Through the stress and the heart aches (so much love for you)1Embed
Damn
Damn, ma, we ain't even have to go through it like that, it wasn't really even that big, man
You know? Nah, it's alright, though
But anyway, yo, let me get that coat
Let me get those jeans and let me get that rock on your finger
Oh, it's stuck? Then I'll take the whole finger than, man
And let me get those bags from Paris
And the puppies is staying, yo

Come through the block in his brand new Benz
Knowing that me and that nigga ain't friends (Okay, girl)
Yeah, what I did was wack
But you don't get a nigga back like that
Bouncin' around when I'm up in these streets
Knowing that me and that nigga got beef (Okay, girl)
Yeah, what I did was wack
But you don't get a nigga back like that, no (Yo)

Ayo, I should just bark on you, burn your car on you
'Cause I'm too much man to leave a mark on you
You's a bird, you know that
Givin' that man ten points like he about to blow that
He probably did, you swallow his kids?
In and out of jail, he a snail, he wasn't wilding on bids
In the summertime, I broke his jaw
Had to do it to him quick, old fashioned, in the back of the mall
Me and him had 'mos forever
Like I'm 'posed to put him on when he came home and told on Trevor
Had to bang on homie, ear blocks, out in spots
Throwing them shots, like, "Nigga, you know me"
Stop fronting for them niggas outside like you really ride
And you a silly chick, thought you was really live
But I guess I was wrong, I'ma holla at dog
And rip his head off, word, yo, it's on
You might also like
Come through the block in his brand new Benz (Yeah)
Knowing that me and that nigga ain't friends (Okay, girl, that's right)
Yeah, what I did was wack (Uh-huh, yeah)
But you don't get a nigga back like that (Yeah, I'ma work him out)
Bouncin' around when I'm up in these streets (Uh-huh)
Knowing that me and that nigga got beef (Tell him son, yeah, okay, girl)
Yeah, what I did was wack (Yeah, this is how we do)
But you don't get a nigga back like that, no (Yo)

Ayo, I thought we was iller than that
All them kisses and love yous, when jake came, you hid my packs
It was time a nigga went to war
Vest banged up, standin' in the kitchen, yo, holding a four
Sweatin' and breathing, bounced out of town for a weekend
Heard you had homie in the passenger seatin'
Honey, look, I'm a monster don
I do monster things, that's why I put your ass under my arm
Fuckin' with him can bring bodily harm
And where you gon' hide in the streets when the body is gone?
If it's one thing I learned that
Never trust a female on no scale, you just confirmed that
Bounce to your mama house, pack your shit
I don't care if you crying, you's a ruthless chick
Gots to watch you, these eyeballs in my face'll spot you
My girl cousins, they gon' rock you
Come through the block in his brand new Benz (Uh-huh)
Knowing that me and that nigga ain't friends (Yeah, okay, girl)
Yeah, what I did was wack (Told you)
But you don't get a nigga back like that (I'm a good dude, you see?)
Bouncin' around when I'm up in these streets (Yeah)
Knowing that me and that nigga got beef (Wanna play games, okay, girl)
Yeah, what I did was wack
But you don't get a nigga back like that, no

Shorty, what is you thinkin' 'bout? ('Bout)
Didn't I put you down?
Flyest whips
Rollin' round like, "Yeah, that's the boss' chick"
On the side I might of had (Had), one or two (Two)
But them silly broads wasn't nothing on you
Rolling with him, tryna get revenge
That shit, you just don't do (Uh)

Come through the block in his brand new Benz
Knowing that me and that nigga ain't friends (Yeah, you see? Okay, girl)
Yeah, what I did was wack (This for the knucklehead)
But you don't get a nigga back like that (Females out there that wanna be)
Bouncin' around when I'm up in these streets (Actin' like they gettin' they little revenge off)
Knowing that me and that nigga got beef (Okay, girl)
Yeah, what I did was wack (Takin' it further than what it really is, you know what I mean?)
But you don't get a nigga back like that, no (Playin' yourself)
Come through the block in his brand new Benz (Know what I mean?)
Knowing that me and that nigga ain't friends (Okay, girl, this is don status, girl)
Yeah, what I did was wack
But you don't get a nigga back like that (You gon' have to hold that now)
Bouncin' around when I'm up in these streets (Word up, and when I see money)
Knowing that me and that nigga got beef (I'ma hang him upside-down, it's on, okay, girl)
Yeah, what I did was wack
But you don't get a nigga back like that, no (And not because of you, neither, you know? Believe that)
It's real
Yeah, got my swagger back and all that
Theodore, nigga, Theodore, nigga
That's right
I'll go pop more, I'ma go pop more coochies based on that there5Embed

Hey yo man, what's the deal fam (yo yo)
Yo stay on top of that nigga when you gettin your cut G
That nigga just fuckin zeked me (damn son)
Look what he did to my motherfuckin shit (check this shit out)
Got me lookin all out of order (damn!)
(Yo cut my shit right nigga)

Aiyyo son whattup man what's good what's good
What's poppin with y'all niggas though and shit
How the fuck this nigga skimp me and shit like
The fuck like I don't spend no bread in here and shit
(Got that money, I got that money nigga)
I give that nigga fuckin Swiss Rolls, Jags, minks
I give that nigga shit for his fuckin grill man (true, true indeed)
The fuck man? Like I don't fuckin spend money in this bitch
Nigga what the fuck man? (Ha ha ha) (f'real f'real)
 + {random fan}
Yo whattup man, how you want it cut? {Shit whattup Starks?}
(Just give it to me how you been doin it) {Yeah yeah yo}
{Yo I just got that brand new 40 Cal son}
(Knahmean? Do no bullshit, and don't fuck me up this time neither)
{I gotta open it right now son}
You might also like
(Aiyyo fam keep it cool, you know we got them thang thangs up in here man)
Yeah my nigga, buy you a Foreman Grill
Straght up, you like to eat right?
Fuckin with niggas heads and all that shit
Y'knahmean you got niggas goin to different barbers 'n shit
Nigga be throwin you forty beans, fifty beans and
And then can't get not one free cut out your lil' monkey ass right?
Alright

AHH! Didn't I tell you don't touch the sides? I'm goin bald on top!
You lucky you cool, I'mma let it ride
Slide, you played me so you can't get paid
How you gon' fuck up a don and cold dog his fade?
I look like UTFO one of them dudes from back in the days
The educated clapper is housin' your coconut spray
Barbershop niggas, always wind up fuckin around
One minute you hot, next minute you not
Remind me of the New York Knicks with they jumpshots
Ox, whack as hell, my ratchet spell
Fuck up again you'll have a funny smell
All Reneece is doin straight nails
Puttin in bangs for bitches
Hundred dollar weaves, some different strains of horsehair
Yo Tone put the gun away, the cops is here
(I want everybody down! I wanna see ID, and I don't wanna nobody sayin nothin)
(I put one of you moolies back, I'm telling you right now)
(I will shoot any one of you guys, I'm telling you)
(Don't hit the exit) {*man running and breathing hard*}1Embed
Aiyyo
Here's a little story ghetto love situation
'Bout a girl I met who had many temptations
She was so fly, get high, well understood
Big-ass big brains and straight out the hood

Yo
Aiyyo, I woke up early took a stretch and a yawn
Had a 2 o'clock appointment with this girl name Dawn
She ain't the Avon lady but her beauty was strong
Right before she went to rest she had me singin this song
She must be a special lady and a very exciting girl
I don't know, she had the high-glow's switchin
See her in the club you hear others chicks bitchin
But Dawn quit to bust a bitch ass and shit
See she did 12 months over a ratchet
Not no crab shit, got bagged with the MAC, taxi cab shit
Clip was hangin out her panties with no where to stash it
It was classic
Nowadays shes laid back, helpin me perfect my rap
Only pink and smoked salmon where she feed her cat
White, furry thing
Diamond cut like johnny lex collar attached
Lickin glass bowls in her cat clothes, cause crazy stacks
Finicky thing, her kittin drink Polar Spring
Take naps, near her jewerly box, she play with all the rings
And when she step out the tub its like an ill flick
Carmel skin, bath and body works leave the whole room lit
Cinnamon candles, sweet side, they on relax mode
Paint her toes on the bed slow, watchin me
Versace robe on her body, peak, sippin asti (piemonte)
She a perfect 10 in my wildest dreams DAWN
You might also like
Aiyyo, she gotta be gone
Waitin on my sweet strawberry pecan rican LaShawn
Holdin my taffy down when I'm gone
Three fourths of her body always covered with clothes
Thats why I'm eatin her candy and suckin her toes
Sweet sexy LaShawn, she got body like whats goin on
On some marvin gaye shit like lets get it onnnnn
Suuuugarrrr, letssss getttt it onnnnn
Ayo, she a diamond in the rough, black rose in the hood
I love my queen and she treat me good, fuck cookin for me
She stash me out when the feds come lookin for me
I'm not cheatin on her or beatin on her
I spend the weekend on her
We on the block when the bills start creepin on her
She right there when it gets sticky, she strict politic to the vicky's
And a fly aviator the color of sky
God on her side, Indian chick with cat eyes
Mad respect with the fat thighs
She busts guns for the revolution
Would straight leave her if she prostituting
Yo my girls the bomb, Intelligent mind, Sky blue louis vetton
Leg muscles, deep dimples
Body is soft she smell fresh like a new born
Pretty feet petite ass nice shoes on
The sunshine for my quiet storm
Keepin the food warm when I'm gone
It won't be long 'til I'm back to my sweet butter pecan rican LaShawn
Hit me up baby girl, P.S. Cappadon'
Aiyyo, aiyyo I woke up in the morning still drunk off the Henn
Had a 3'oclock appointment with this girl name Jen
You know Jen from a hundred and ten, she push the Lex Coupe
Part time fashion designer she work for Jet Blue
Pretty young thing, with a body like vida
Ass off the meter, Eva Mendes look, strut like a diva
Libra shine fine, blow minds like dimes of a cheeba
She like it from behind, slow grind, sometimes with her feet up
Ms. Bonita Applebum Bottom, thick as a Roman column
Raw dick it down, love me, even if I'm holdin condoms!
Cause she my bitch, the only cat that I lick
Throwin that ass like Ciara on the top of that whip
Latin decent, velour suit with the cameltoe print
Peppermint sheer panties with the garder-belt clips
Tattoo of a small butterfly on her inner thigh
Even at my loneliest times you that Jen will ride...

Whether Jen, Dawn, or Shawn its the same situation
'Bout a girl I met who had many temptations
She was so fly, get high, well understood
Big-ass big brains and straight out the hood2Embed
"Take me across her lap
She used to whip me with a strap
When I was bad"
"—bad"
"Take me across her lap
She used to whip me with a strap
When I was bad"
"—bad"

Picture me snotty nose sittin on my aunt's lap
The kid like 5 or 6 shit I will curse back
I got it from the older folks sittin in the living room
Everybody had cups stylistic song boom
But then came Darryl Mack lightin' all the reefer up
Baby caught a contact I'm trying to tie my sneaker up
I'm missing all the loops strings going in the wrong holes
It feels like I'm wobbling, look at all these afros
Soon as I thought I was good the joke's on me
I heard a voice "get in the room," I get angry
Stomp my feet, catch a tantrum
Spit, scream, fuck that
Momma shake me real hard, then get the big gat
That's called the belt help me as I yelled
I'm in the room like (panting)"huh, huh, huh" with mad welps
Ragged out, bad belt yes her presence was felt
Then get my black ass in the bed it's time crash out (crash out)
You might also like
"Take me across her lap
She used to whip me with a strap
When I was bad"
"—bad"
"Take me across her lap
She used to whip me with a strap
When I was bad"
"—bad"

Despite the alcohol, I had a great old Mama
She famous for her slaps and to this day she's honored
But when I was a lil dude her son was a lil rude
I picked the peas off my plate and pour juice in a nigga food
Get beat, then I'd run and tell grandman "mama hit me for no reason"
She whipped me hard when I finished eatin
And felt that belt stingin after I wet that bed
Hid my drawers and start cryin, when she felt that bed
Caught another when I told her those the fake pro-keds
In the corner weavin and screamin trying to block my head (ahHH!)
Nowadays kids don't get beat, they get big treats
Fresh pair of sneaks, punishments like have a seat
Back then when friends and neighbors would bust that ass
And bring you back to your momma she got the switch in the stash
That's back to back beatings
Only went outside for free lunch with welts on my legs still leakin yo
"Take me across her lap
She used to whip me with a strap
When I was bad"
"—bad"
"Take me across her lap
She used to whip me with a strap
When I was bad"
"—bad"3Embed
Holy Jesus, I gotta drop all these toys off
Mrs. Claus, Mrs. Claus, bring me my robe & my slippers
I gotta go!

Smell the pinetrees in the air, sleigh bells are ringing
Toy stores are out of control, and kids singing
That night before Christmas, dashing through the snow
Rudolph the Reindeer, red nose that glow
It's all about the candycanes and Christmas list
North Pole and that chubby jolly old Saint Nick
The little elves getting busy, in Santa workshop
And how gingerbread men keep they buttons on top
Wooden soldiers and chestnuts, rosting like marshmellows
Goodfellas, chocolate pudding pops and Jell-O's
It's the gift, the cookies and milk on the mantle
The mistletoe, that scent from that peppermint candles
That warm French vanilla, mean coat with zippers
Bareskin robe dragon with Versace slippers
Around the fireplace we breathe, shirts are short sleave
We stayin' up all night on Christmas Eve

It's the season for sharing, season of the gift
Season for snow, it's December 25th
That time of the year, we dress like Saint Nick
Stirring whipcream into that hot cup of Quick
It's the season for sharing, season of the gift
Season for snow, it's December 25th
That time of the year, we surprise all the kids
Buy gifts for your loved ones and diamonds for ya wiz
You might also like
I see snowmen, snowflakes, cinnamon cakes
Sisters and brothers, sliding down garbage can covers
Snowball fights, eggnog splashed with Hennessey
Bet Christmas is Christmas from New York to Tennessee
The Kris Kringles, the Jingling Babies
All them late nights wrapping gifts, driving you crazy
And Jack Frost is outside, freezing it up
Got the hood and the goose just to loosen you up
And all the homes is all lit with some many lights
See the trees through the windows, glittered up at night
Gingerbread house, bumping that Jingle Bell Rock
And all them little bad kids get coal in they socks

Ghost knows when you be sleeping
And Ghost knows when you are awake
And I know if you been bad or good
So be good for old Ghostface

It's the season for sharing, season of the gift
Season for snow, it's December 25th
That time of the year, we dress like Saint Nick
Stirring whipcream into that hot cup of Quick
It's the season for sharing, season of the gift
Season for snow, it's December 25th
That time of the year, we surprise all the kids
Buy gifts for your loved ones and diamonds for ya wiz
Hahahaha, we made it, wish you all a Merry Christmas
And a Happy New Year, hahahaha
And to all a good night, good night to all
To Staten Island, hahah, nah, cut it, cut it off - sonEmbed
Yeah, uh-huh, yo, yo

Portable DATs, Sony headphones
El Dorado's, thousand dollar bottles, get blown
Diplomat Willie's, Millie Jackson chicks, dusted out Blondie
Slide me, we wrote the bowl, we take the magnets
Man handling mics, wool scarves, Evil Knievel bikes, I like eggs in my rice
Circus money, read the Staten Island funnies
Eighty seven, Shallah rock, lotto's and the gumby
Tri-boro, fly negro, rap for Glaciers
Do it for cee-lo games, cases, battle for bitches
Million dollar cribs, grandfather gamble those wit ribs, yes he did
Life is wonderful, fly living rooms, brass brooms
Catch me in the city of Watts, dusted out with Doc Doom
Slide you, thirty six to the hip, you need Neo
Sock it to me G.O., the block we spot V.O
Live at the handball session, white Wimbledon's
Send them, my throat is the top session for men
Rap graduate, seen through the needles that was used by dopes
Fuck around and get rocked for three notes
And fuck your bitch ass alligators
When I see you on stage, throw out the gauge, my man's dough made us

Aiyo, elephant guns, mad ounces, colorful whips
Slapped up bouncers, pouches
Ball like a unit, fly fragrance, faceless
Rarely out of spaceships, many fakes got lynched
We all pornographic, taylor made mortals
Leanin' on suede walls, leather's on, ballers
Maybe Benz lenses, sprayin' out of sixes, Christmas money
Vicious consolidated drama rip bitches
The rich version of black, skyscraper paper
Wu belt makers, show & prove that all my shit match
Tri-colored diamonds, foreign color five
All kinds of iron, Swiss cheese, yea, big boy, we giantsYou might also likeEmbed
Aiyo, what's wrong man? (Ain't na---, man
Yo these niggas over here frontin' on me and shit
Talkin' bout I was sayin' this and that in the '30's
Niggas gettin' whole shit twisted, like...)
Where them niggas at? Them niggas though be and stay on the block, over here?
(Yeah, son, them niggas... I don't know man...)
Boo! Boo! Boo! Boo! Yo... (yo, who that?)
Yo, it's Tone! Open the fuckin' door
Tell that nigga (bitch) -- tell that nigga Jack to come out...
Where Jack at? Jack!...

So you said what, now? You got the whole shit twisted
That was the other day, pa, you just like them bitches
Faggot ass niggas, stay bumpin' they gums
Tell me why you dirty and cops out, you never run
Are you holdin' something in? That the hood don't know
Cuz if you are, get to truckin', bitch, cuz you gotta go
It's not a threat, it's a promise, I tell you, don't make your mamma feel it
You'll be rockin' a toe ring in the morgue, give problems to revealin'

Ya'll niggas kill me and ya'll, ya'll know ya'll booty
So please get your punk ass off the street
Please, please, do it for your family
Don't be stupid, don't make me use it
No, lord, cuz you can't sell here, anymore...
You might also like
Did you think I was playin'? When I told you before
You can't come back here, open you up like a pap smear
Actin' like you ain't got fear, nigga you get popped here!
Matter fact, I'm a street doctor, take the shot here!
Blaow, yo, I didn't smile, so, take off your jewelry, now then
So what you leg is bleedin' here, put this in your mouth and
Chew on the barrel of love, get lost in "lead-you" town
You look thirsty, I should of wet you down
But not now, you hear those sirens cryin'
Climbin', tryin' to Save Private Ryan
Bitch, nigga on the floor for lyin' and he whinin'
Diming on niggas, minin' your business
Perfect timin' for findin' bullshit sliders
Swine and sisters, he a wack niggaEmbed
Never under estimate Tony Stark

You done slept on Tony
"Tony Starks!" "Ironman!"
You done slept on Tony
"Yo, before that, I was getting it on"
You done slept on Tony
"Tony Starks!" "Ironman"
You done slept on Tony
"I was getting it, getting it, getting it on"

Yo, when they kidnapped your boy, and forced me to do evil
I created an iron suit, to protect my people
Escaped, bound to be Ironman the great
The billionaire Tony Starks'll renew your fate
Built Stark Towers, throw the biggest events
Got liquid, armor, I can paint all dents
Keep a few bad chicks, I ain't your average hero
Movie premieres, catch me wit Denzel and De Niro
Six six eleven gold, playboy industrialist
Face of a ghost, mind of a technologist
Specialist, modern day speech slang therapist
Specialize in weapons, I can blow off terrorists
So, so don't sleep big homey
Real recognize and I can see you phoneys
My weak heart can't take it, got a life long sentance
Boy genius grown up, and I fight with a vengeance
You might also like
You done slept on Tony
"Tony Starks!" "Ironman!"
You done slept on Tony
"Yo, before that, I was getting it on"
You done slept on Tony
"Tony Starks!" "Ironman"
You done slept on Tony
"I was getting it, getting it, getting it on"

Yo, I got steel toe wallies when I glide on stage
And my heart gently weeps in an iron ribcage
Punctured by metals, replaced by elements
My enemies hunt it like a tusk on the elephant
Extraordinary, hiding my dual identity
Anthony Stark, call me Ton', the top pedigree
Multi-billionaire, military contractor
Crushing my opponents, with the strength of a compactor
Ex-factor, I turn liquids to metals
Water to wine, I turn dirt into rose petals
Greatest man walking, blow a bottle of Goose
Gold-plated iron armor, to Versace suits
I'm so elegant, scientifically intelligent
My lawyers won the case, I won't take the settlement
Money's irrelevant, I need heat to energize
We taking over the planet, Stark Enterprise
You done slept on Tony
"Tony Starks!" "Ironman!"
You done slept on Tony
"Yo, before that, I was getting it on"
You done slept on Tony
"Tony Starks!" "Ironman"
You done slept on Tony
"I was getting it, getting it, getting it on"

Once again, Tony Stark, infinite finesse
Stopped the planet, and destroyed an indestructable trackEmbed
One-two, one-two, yo
What the fuck is the deal, it's Toney Starks, nigga
Ya niggas know what time it is, the kid with the lazer beam vocals
You know you messing with a dart master, right now
J-Love, hit them niggas

Yo, who want to battle the Don?
I'm James Bond, in the Octagon, with two razors
Bet ya'll didn't know I had a fake arm, I lost it
Wild in war, before rap, I was gettin' it on
Choke a fat nigga out in like forty seconds, my gun get hard
With a .45 steel erection
Eagle on, Kangol hat slanted, coconut, bounce to Morocco
Guerilla medallions, like Flava Flav clock, yo
Niggas want me dead, but they scared to step to me
Rip they guts out, like a hysterectomy
When beef collide, look on the flip, buy a penitentiary kite
Or get you bumped off from the inside
Jaws is hanging, frauds is lifting
They drawers on the floor complaining
Bird ass nigga, resemble, Keenen Ivory Wayans
Stay in your place, dirt bomb rappers get shadowboxed
For training, ya'll still eating bacon...
You might also like"Hidden Darts"
"Hidden Darts"

Yo, I've done walked on fire (fire), never got burnt (burnt)
Slept on glass (glass), never got cut (cut)
And broke a few nose bones, yo, light off a round or two
At certain dudes where they dropped they phones
Yo this straight crack (yeah), even my hand got tooken to jail
For writing murder, my wrist couldn't take it in bail
Then left my fingers for dead, told 'em
"I ain't have nothing to do with the writing"
I hold you down when you be squeezing that lead
Shopping sprees, with my mans on the corner watch D's
Rolling in threes, in them purple capri's'
A gritty bop, my rocks is bigger, wallo's with the gold tassels
Your old slave, with Starkey Love on the shackle
And I stay fly underwater, my toes is iced out
Poofed the nails off, ya faggots can figure the price out
It's chump change, ya'll bitch niggas go get my coco
Get my slippers, before I go gun ho!
"Hidden Darts"
"Hidden Darts"
Ya'll niggas hold your fucking necks
Before you put them shits to sleep
You know what I mean, daddy
It's real like that, coming at all ya'll niggas this year
I gots to come for that title, baby, I don't give a fuck who holding it
Youknowhatimean? Tone on the come up
Youknowhatimean, I'm playing on ya'll niggas, man
So yo, ya'll niggas know what the fuck time it is and shit
Slow the fuck down, nigga, throw this shit in, it's real...
"Hidden Darts"Embed
Allah himself
Man, woman, child
The Book of Life
Starks Enterprise!

Take out the rap kingpin, the black Jesus
I know a few niggas sniff coke and caught seizures
Peace to ten thousand seaters
And all y'all pretty ass Libras
My Tommy dick'll blow y'all ass to pieces
I love fuckin' with y'all I got the George Jeff walk
Look how I dance, favorful robes, bows and all sorts
Hold on, who turned the lights on?
One, two, my mic on? Preach on, brother
That's that bullshit, right on
Crackhead, stop it, dope pusher, stop it
The father sent me a message and I came to drop it
The profit is to love each other
Michael Jordan, Jackson, Cosby money, Oprah
They got our Mother, go get Africa!

Hominy grits, welfare cheese
Roach clips, WIC check day's the first and the fifth
What, Ghost?
You might also like
Fuck y'all niggas and fuck y'all bitches and
Fuck the pictures y'all takin, fuck the whip you in
Starsky bring home the dough now the show is over
(It's over) It's over? (It's over) It's over?

Timberland, crack snorkels, jewels, cash insurance
Tahoes, fly clothes and Ferragamos
Five plus five O's, one plus nine O's
Save our self, reach our goals

What if the Bible wasn't good and good was bad, as bad as it should
It matters, feed 'em proper food the wonders that Allah will do
Maybe he'll discover you, look I'm like a couple jewels
Ticketron was sold out plus the Garden loved the way I move
People see me, G. Deini, hit Beenie on the cell, see me?
You need me, you read me, Casanova, get that weed to me
The champ be the vigilante, ask me what the circumstance be
In me like Marcus Camby, hear me, I fuck with family
Dons, chew on this, the hit list got
All of your names, so y'all lames is hist'
I kissed the bangin-est bitch (all night) that's famous for her tits
Not that tall doofy chick in your hood called Sticks
Come on!
Bentleys with sharp shoes
Similac, Huggies, big Shazam jewels

Infrared shootin' at niggas, we back, execution, niggas
Markin it mummy, he money, he fly bummy, super wizzes
Look like Luther bitches, still catches ill inventions
Strength, real niggas rollin' blizzies, fearless ninjas
So illa, four-wheeler, promotin' like Benz dealer
Instiller, get real for hugs, let's chill feel I'm ill with color
Yo bakin', straight cake, lay it on my favorite aces
Fuck all your understatements
Battle us? Battle gauges

A big mansion, real product of the shrimp scampi
Sail boat, big yacht, and beige Hummer
Summer home, big stones and cologne
Remember heroes? I guess them corner days is gone
Mommy got a house, Daddy got a house
Granny got a house, we moved out
That's right, we moved out
Now that's what I'm talkin about

Smackin' all y'all stars and chumps
Gettin' cash in the larger sums
Shootin' dice in the church with nuns
We come with the biggest gunsEmbed
Yes, yes, we like to thank you
You are the 77th caller
You know you just won a pair of Theodore drawers and all that
How do you feel about that? (Oh my God, that is good daddy I love ya'll)
Yeah, that's right baby, no doubt... right now, his name is Ghostface
Check this joint out right here, it's new, word up

I'm the Mighty Joe Young of rap
Live off of mighty gold, tongue and yack
Ya'll be amazed how I brought it back
Two porsche's, big ass ranch with twelve horses
Scarface breeze when I speak, the all bosses
Plus the jewelry so truck, the cuffs get you nauseous
Two years, been through like six divorces
Not to talk and put my business in the street, but
I'm like cement, I rock over beats
Kill music with no hands and leave with no weed stuff
Like my bitches better when they wore Reebok's
See hot, let's have a toast, I verbally bomb deacons
Have the whole church praying for Ghost
When we speak we give sermons, and switch our names over permits
The big shit, you might get burned with
God-body fly automobiles with grills
Two thousand, fifteen, nigga, we can take off the wheel
A Georget Jetson, so ya'll sit still
Chill, peace to Queens, so the God Allah reel's reel
It's the takeover, breaks over, make something
For funny ass faggots who won't hand that cake over
Monster bangels, bojangles got the forty cocked from all angles
Fuck a rope nigga, my gold chain'll hang you
Danish darts, language arts, slanger banger you
Punk motherfucka...
You might also like
All you talk is poor...
All of your fushu, I got gats, Ghostface that
But your rhymes ain't workin' now, look who's hurtin' now
I had to shut you down, I had to shut you down

Welcome to Saturday Night Live, write rhymes
Glide on beats, and we high from the police
The dogs bark funny, in fact, when I'm clean
They can smell mark money, truck and mad bummy
Off the peter, grab shoots, Cerebel Paisley
Gats, pull out the mack on cancer, the oo-wop
I bag down AIDS, word to the U.S
There's no need to panic, yo, we been through a phase
Like, namebelts, got the fronts in Alfa Romeo's
Tent the patrol niggas, that we had on a payrole
I play on niggas like stop and go
And tell the other liquors that Don pop more
And Venus told Mercury she a hot ho
Me, I'm just thinkin' bout what's next for Ghost
The Enterprise worth billions, delay America
To Africa, home away, the six text-tillion
Turn, Siskel and Ebert givin' two thumbs
New York Times call it my best work, bump to it
You can Rolling Stone every bone, and kill 'em at the Grammy's
Have 'em sit down, polly with the top five families
Blocka-blocka, boom, now they all dead
Now I'm the only one gettin' that bread, that's right
And the only one rockin' those threads
See these cowards let the fuckin' lead go to they head
I needed to scream on all ya'll bitches, birds
But the more you bite my style, the more I learn
Your rhymes ain't workin' now, look who's hurtin' now
I had to shut you down, I had to shut you down

God, yeah, party people
You are now listenin' to the sounds of Ghost Radio
777 F.M. and all that, no doubt
It's real right about now, yeah
The dance floor is packed and all that
Everything lookin' glory, I see asses
I see glasses in the air, yo, put your hands in the air
Come one, let me hear you see Theodore, "Theodore"
Theodore, "Theodore", yeah, yeah
That was chunky and all that
No doubt, but yo, where Staten Island at?
Where ya'll at? Make some noise, yo, yo, come on
Yeah, check-check-check-check me out
Check-check-checkin' me out, come on
Take-take-take-takin' me out, whose take-take-takin' me out
Come on baby, take me out, uh-huh, yeah, no doubt, no doubtEmbed

Walked up Dr. Jay's, five niggas with K's
Son, they feelin' ya waves, it's like mayonaisse
Old people love you, corns on they feet
Fifteen, twenty deep, you walked in, cross streets
Walk 'em through red lights, Shaolin through Crown Heights
Even had 'em on bikes, they was starting fights
New Year's had 'em all drunk, lazy eye Milton
Found a pump, tired of busting 'em
Scotty snatched Janet's wig off, that night, shit got hectic
Barbara Jean fuckin' old man Shet
Good God, shit's real as a fuck, throw a buck
On Chuckle-Up, Thunderbird in cuffs
Skeeter with no teeth, night train lips
Beefin' with police, Grady hit knees
Dude blew a bag with him, he got butt naked in the 'villes
Plus he fucked a whitey in the hill
Throw a buck on, Chuckle-Up, Thunderbird in cuffsYou might also likeEmbed
Damn, this is for all my women thats been going through the struggle
On welfare, living the rough life (oh I cried, but see I'm thankful)
It's gone be alright, thats right (Thankful for the trouble
For holding me down, every day, oh yeah..)
This is how we gone do it, I want you to explain your story
Then I'mah tell you mine, tell 'em
(Uh, can't ask for any more.. more...)
Tell 'em Keyshia..

Momma, where did you go wrong
Because I need to know
You got me living the life you were living
When you were young...
And I'm heading down the same path, uh
But the difference between me and you
Is, oh, hey, hey, hey

There's not a difference, boo, it's real life..
It's not ya momma fault, it's ya fathers fault
It's your fathers fault your mother is an alcoholic
Confusin the brain from the booze and the pain
And plus he cheated on her, beated on her, smack dead in the rain
She Lost her first child in 74
And that lead to nervous breakdowns bicardi dark she downin it raw
She can't take it she constantly cryin fallin down on her knees
Like help me lord please I'm ready to leave
All she needed was somebody to rub her feet
Give her a nice hug and rescue her from off these streets, come on
You might also like
Momma, where did you go wrong
Because I need to know
You got me living the life you were living
When you were young...
And I'm heading down the same path, uh
But the difference between me and you
Is, oh, hey, hey, hey

There's not a difference, boo, it's only an 8-figure, back me up
I been sent by an angel to snatch you up
Take you way above the clouds and back you up
At night you can lay in my arms feel the heart beatin
Don status in the sheets I'm keepin you warm
Ain't no nigga gone do what I do
Imah take care of you and ya kids
Take the bent and go handle ya biz
The bills is paid,the cable back on
I quote you know the seeds want they nickleodeon on
I'm not ashamed to sport you
Floss you or gloss you out
Fat, skinny out of shape i'll dior you out

Momma, where did you go wrong
Because I need to know
You got me living the life you were living
When you were young...
And I'm heading down the same path, uh
But the difference between me and you
Is, oh, hey, hey, hey
Wipe ya eyes..
Yo in the hood theres a struggle
My girls is in trouble
She lackin guidance in the mind shes blinded and puzzled
Her pops never showed her the ropes
Her moms raised mad kids on her own
She never had a strong man in her home

Stay stroooooooooong
Oh, hey, said we're gonna stay strong
No matter what
Yeah.. we're still here to see, hey... (that's my baby, that's my baby)

Momma, where did you go wrong
Because I need to know
You got me living the life you were living
When you were young...
And I'm heading down the same path, uh
But the difference between me and you
Is, oh, hey, hey, hey

Gotta keep the hood up through all the struggle
No matter what, you know what I'm saying?
Keep your heart in the right placeEmbed

Eh yo, I'm here to toast an MC like my name was Grand Puba
Run up in the large house and - throw out the Ruger
Some say I'm good - others pray - the want me to fall
Battle me - come one, come all - I leave ya jaw hangin'
New York City Slinger - Stark Nitty
I'm straight like a flat chester with some low titties
Plus my chain hangin' down to my dick
CB hits - grand on the hits - Star Trek VI
Black flicks - come on..
We fuck prostitutes - tie 'em to the bed
Throw 'em in the lasso - givin' me backstage hed
Picture me in Isreal sandles - Gucci open-toe
Book of Life - two on Camay - no H2O
Bandit - I'm like Moses - split the sea
Y'all split jeans - my last tape was the illy poster
Move crowds like the March of Dimes - fuck this rhyme..
*musical breakdown*
	"Up next.."

Walter in Dr. Jay's - rock the Jay's
Spot niggas with K's - son they feelin' your ways
It's like mayonaisse - old people love you - corns on their feet
Fifteen, twenty deep - you walked in, cross street
Walk under red light - sound went through Crown Heights
Even had 'em on bikes - they was startin' fights
New Years had 'em all drunk - lazy eye Milton
Found a bump - tried to buck and
Scotty snatched Janet's wig off that night
Shit got hectic - barber Jim fuckin' old man Chef
But God shit's real as a fuck
Throw a buck on Chuckle-Up - Thunderbird in cuffs
Skeeter with no teeth - night train lips
Beefin' with police - Grade-A inch knees
Duke blew a bag with him - he got butt-naked in the 'villes
Plus he fucked a whitey in the hill..
Throw a buck on Chuckle-Up - Thunderbird in cuffsYou might also likeEmbed
(Uh what you got here, is your approach)
Your approach gotta more guerilla on 'em
KnowImean? Just to make it sound official (uh)
Yeah.. yo.. (it's the realest niggas on this shit, go in)

Left the buildin on start up, heavy
Niggas couldn't take the chain, it's too heavy
Word to mother, I was swingin that Shaolin Style machete
Now when I come through it's "What up Ghost?", my folks throwin confetti
My gear is the world premiere, ox yeah, now I'm dickin down Heather Locklear
Rubber Glock in the glove box, Benz drop yeah
Hit the mall in Long Island, they got hens out there
I'm not a sex symbol, gangsta or activist
I just bubble like acid in a glass of Cris'
My pen's is Illmatic, plush robes drag across the floor
Gun hand is sore from choppin the raw
And when the jet land smoked up just look right under ya
The aircraft carry back half of Colombia
Yeah, separate the rubble
Stay beatin niggas brains out with the God broke belt buckle
Jewels, pay respect to my larynx
My bird blew niggas away like a clarinet
My hoes, they so happy I ain't married yet
And I still walk down the aisle with a plastic Tec
Haha..
You might also like
Uh, that's what I'm talking bout nigga
That's some real words right there
So you know, we just gon' keep this shit rolling
Theodore, they know how we do it
Straight up and down, introducing
One fourth of the squad, Wiganomics
Uh, hit 'em nigga

Yo son I smack bitches, make 'em say "Yes, Wiggatry"
Smoke out ya room like I'm cookin up hickory
Dickory dock, my Glock tucked by the scrotum
It's Theodore, our chips' all in, you can't hold 'em
Cuz the Pips be stinky like Pepi LePew
And my style's so sick, son, they call it the flu
Influenza, top contender
Had ya girl head-noddin leavin marks on my Swollen Member
I remember them days when the Stat was my home
Now we hop state to state, flyin in and out of zones
Had to put down the heat, picked up the microphone
Started payin off the jewelers and flossin in stones
Chunky and I ain't talkin chicken noodle soup
Got a V for Vendetta this year and need to recoup
That two point five million'll slice a Sicillian
Next year we want the whole fuckin pie we makin a killin
Uh, that's right nigga
'06, bout to take us into '07
The years is ours, from here on out
Theodore, straight up and down
Word up, introducing next
You know, acknowledge the great
My muthafuckin' man J-Love

Aiyo, I come through like a Chicago Bears linebacker
Call me Brian Urlacher, straight up attack you
Then I backslap you, yeah, ya niggas get flipped
Son, I've never been a punk faggot ass idiot
Get snatched in all letters, Puerto Rican bitch fetish
Call me the streets, or the mixtape terrorist
I get respected, like a Pride Fighter champion
Out in Japan, I was ready to smash one
It's real, son, I hold down my squadron
Ghostface and Life scared Madison Square Garden
Is the next destination hip hop preservation?
Theodore Unit on an ill ass invasion
Kid Crooklyn style, Premo production
The greatest men walking, fuck all them their assumptions
Yo, call me the king, the presence of greatness
Often imitated, but you can't duplicate this
Haha, no, next up, the man who needs no introduction
Muthafuckin' New York's Backbone, take it home

Aiyo, I roll like a bat out of hell, something swell
With the money green Balley's and the chunky gazelle's
I'm an explorer like Dora, nigga, check out my aura
On the block, I assist quarters, but I'm really a scorer
Place your order, place your bets, I'll erase your set
Puncture your lung and inflate your chest
I keep killas on mountain tops, plotting on housing cops
While I'm in the spot, bagging up rocks, I'm counting knots
I got the eye of an eagle, ride for my people
These bars of life dope, and I supply you that diesel
I'm a needle in the haystack, laid back in Maybach
Slay phat, cuz he spray gats, try to escape that
Gray slacks for, all my Compton killas
Casket fillers, armed gorillas, who bomb for skrilla
Staten Island's most wanted, the backbone of the city
The rapper killings, niggas get slapped silly, you feel me?Embed
Yeah, assorted flavor Clarks
No doubt, it be the champ
Yeah, curly head kid
Yo, yo, yo

From Gators to blazers, low fades and razors
Big dick saloon, I contact the womb
The Black Asian wrist location keeps circulating
My wonder twin power activate shit on this nation
Allah seen represent the gumby wintergreen
Who walk mean stand up on your block and burn a bean
Sip Ballantyne looking at that bitch wide behind
The thing that's fucking up her grill is that swine
Then turn around take my last pull off the L
These niggas up the block keep looking at me well
Do they want the jewel, It Ain't Hard to Tell
I recognize a face, he acting like Denzel
Fuck 'em, I want to check Mo for a chop
Told him: bald on the sides, light fade, rough top
Now it's a whole new ball game, strategic mind frame
My dialogue's rebellious rain and reign supreme
Glanced at a red light, seen Killah get on a ninja bike
Show my love to the god, he peeled out and made a right
{*Sound of speeding motorcycle*}
You might also like
When you walking down your street with your box in your hand
And you bringing the music of the Wu-Tang Clan
And you hear Ironman on your radio, rapping
Your feet start to dancing and your hands start the clapping

Street's running through your dance hall gunning
Like Lee Harvey Oswald stunning slapping MCs with summons
For pumping that watered down substance, peep this
Slugs finger creeping, making moves like Crying Freeman
Prince of Thieves, Earth third seed
Heavyweight like Golden Fleece as homicide stroll the streets
In blue Caprice and looking for thugs holding heat
Inner city beef got me plotting trilogy
To dispose enemies sneak attacks, I'm beyond and above that
Seen that, done that–respect, black
I catch a slug to your hardhat, lounging in the Everglades
Surfing the airwave, catch a Buck-50
With the razor blade swiftly, Shaolin cats be shiesty
Strictly drunk off the Irish whiskey

When you walking down your street with your box in your hand
And you bringing the music of the Wu-Tang Clan
And you hear Ironman on your radio, rapping
Your feet start to dancing and your hands start the clapping
Rest your headpiece on this one son, cough up a lung
Sleeping on my murderous type ones'lI get you done
I'm looking at these cutthroat kids and how they live
It's like we was partners in spades and you renege
Can't fuck with no nigga like that, he get me jack
Or sent back, meaning whole life fade to black
Whole 7 and a half, up right and roll tight
Fool me once but can't fool me twice, I'm 25
To life on this mic device I'm nothing nice
A mixture of long wild rice and Old Spice
Inflicted, rap addicted, track I stick it
Flip it, daddy long dick it, slide
A little bit beyond twisted, mind in stitches
You thought weak but meant wicked
Niggas choke off my secondhand smoke, lifted
Everyday is like my birthday I'm mad gifted, dead calm
Hit me with the 18 Bronze/Buddha Palm
About to blow like Napalm, go for your arm
Prepare for the warfare or buy a share
Oh what the fuck we dealing with, yeah
Johnny about to go there, need another year
Bust a shot for my sons that didn't make it hereEmbed
Yo yo word up!
Look who's back in the joint
It's The Odd Couple in the spot
Ghostface and C-Don, for real!

It's like that y'all
Niggas'll crack y'all, attack y'all
W.T.C. kid, we back y'all!

Yea, for real, for real
(Eh yo, chop this niggas man
It's time for me to splash 'em)
STEP OFF!

Eh yo we million dollars Sinatras, jewellery truck
Vest did it up, chop shop it
Walked out in Babe Ruth, ex-song, hammer-throw heads
Brought by Je-sus with the grey goose
Famous for The Book of Greed, long nose
King Bentley, 9th Prince will decease, made of Ginseng
Seen it? It's real, liver than chase Manhatten
Word on Staten I was clappin with the Captain
My style is gangsta, bulletproof Guess shorts
I'll fuck you up and come through in a horse
We like Shaft outta Africa, graham cracker wild
Beneath this side, four or five gold teeth
On my neck be the Brolic shit, hurricane CREAM
Guerilla shit, flashin the ill data things
Excalate, sure raids, chez with the straps on
John jumper, Eleanor Bumpur with the Mac
Me and C. Goines, bible material
Words collide, we might pop up in your cereal
Rock you twice, rock your wife
Best known for drives on bikes
Tell your man to stop sendin me kites
We Tigers Woods in the 'hood
The Odd Couple up to no good
Diane's son and plus what's-her-name's-son
You might also like
It's like that y'all
Niggas'll crack y'all, attack y'all
W.T.C. kid, we back y'all!
It's like yo the belt is ours, bitch-ass mothafuckas!
It's like that y'all
Niggas'll crack y'all, attack y'all
W.T.C. son, we back y'all!

It's The Odd Couple!
Ghostface and C-Don, for real!

I melt 4-30, hands clustered
I walk around dusted, Big Don with the gold plate
Pop the cork, buttersoft lights, pop guns at the pork
New York, catch you on the elevator
Catch you for your watch and your Alligators
Blast first, funny style niggas, manipulators, FUCK OFF!
It's The Odd Couple, see you in the Range, bullets start the exchange
Supreme Clients, y'all niggas can't see us
Spit track like an 8-ball, ready to brawl
All for one, all for Pillage, run y'all across stage
Come in your state, bust down your gate
Throw spit like a tre'-8, Ghostface
Live on the crack tour with Bigga C-Don
Crack your jaw when it's on
Crack you in the face with a bottle of Dom Perignon
Fuck Antoine, fuck my Bentley homes
My wife start fillin pits with hoes
Front pole, snatch 'phones out your earlobe
It's like that y'all
Niggas'll crack y'all, attack y'all
W.T.C. kid, we back y'all!
It's like yo the belt is ours, bitch-ass mothafuckas!
It's like that y'all
Niggas'll crack y'all, attack y'all
W.T.C. son, we back y'all!

It's like that y'all
Niggas'll crack y'all, attack y'all
W.T.C. kid, we back y'all!
It's like that y'all
Niggas'll crack y'all, attack y'all
W.T.C. son, we back y'all!

Y'all mothafuckas don't know how to act when y'all hold somethin, huh?
It's time to give that shit up now nigga, for real
The Blair Witch is back yo
(Straight up! The Don of all Dons, word up, for real nigga!)
Y'all little bitch niggas
When y'all see me none of y'all niggas better say peace
For real!
Y'all niggas don't be holdin this shit
Y'all frontin
We let it slide for a couple of years and shit
Yeah, for real, it's like..
Y'all mothafuckas know boyEmbed
After the smoke is done
(Yo yeah)
Wu-Tang, Delphonics number one
(Yeah, what, what, who wanna do it, what)
After the smoke is done
(Slap fire outcha monkey ass niggas)
Wu-Tang, Delphonics number one
(Word up, big dick, motherfucking house
Whaddup, bench press these cats, yo)

Yo, god, show these niggas how we get deep, down and dirty
Like Keyon, got his wig pushed back, for 5 birdies
Yo, they got a hit placed on my head, what should the God do?
Max out in Spain and do business with the Jews?
Never that, don't ever look at me out of sync
The imperial, industrial king got weight
Don't give a fuck, like the poor part we watch Hart To Hart
They used to push me in shopping carts, now I'm writin' darts
Like Ebenezer, the porno teaser
Saying words like sheeba, ethical rapper valet the visa
My team got rides like Six Flags, plus the Wu lab
Cameras in nine bedrooms, we own DATs
Don't touch this cracklin' hot shit
I snap ya shoulder blade in half, laugh and pop shit
Reader's Digest passed my book to L. Ron Hubbard
It got back that the World Government tried to dub it
But devils love it, booby-trap raps cover the track like ADAT
Sharper than cuts laced on Marley
Scratched supreme clientele, my cartel
Willie Stargel passed, this shit is piece, where's the Nobel?
Oh well, signin' off as usual
The arsonist leavin' niggas lost in the stairwell
You might also like
Wu-Tang, Delphonics number one (Yeah, yo, yo)
Represent my projects Stapleton
After the smoke is done
He represent that project Park Hill
Wu-Tang, Delphonics number one
You represent that project Murder West Brighton
Now Born arm banging into that will, word up
After the smoke is clear
(Yeah, what, Stapleton)
Delphonics and Wu-Tang still here
(Park Hill, word up, yeah, yeah, New York)

The greatest story ever told by me, precisely
Roman numeral IV plus three describe me
My son move like the toad, get drunk, speak in codes
Throw a fiend in the sleeper hold, got beef with the globe
Met my comrade, go half on this lab down in Baghdad
Flippin' like a meth's tab, get money like an Arab
The tight niggas snapped six legs on the crab
Now hush, you wanna do what? My clique better bust

Underprivileged, grew up in Stapleton House Village
Where blood flood the water of streets like oil spillage
(Wu-Tang, Delphonics number one)
My front door was blowing, the debt man spotted 55 boa
Niggas was still flowing, voices echoing
I rise high like an octave
The proctor with the gamble, the sample it shocked her
My ninjas run wild like Shaka Zulu
Some play peace like Gang Starr Guru
Others live to be wise and old like Desmond Tutu
Undisputed champion belt holders shaped and mould us
Soul controller of the lunar, solar or the polar
I blow hash smoke through my nasal
My brain with worth 30 billion
Wu-Tang third battalion rush like Hannibal raiding Sicilians
After the smoke is done
Wu-Tang, Delphonics number one
After the smoke is done
Wu-Tang, Delphonics number one
After the smoke is clear
Delphonics and Wu-Tang still here
After the smoke is done
Wu-Tang, Delphonics number one

Ahhhhh (Wuuuuuu, wuuuuuu)5Embed
Wu-Tang will survive, no no you know now
The Wu-Tang will survive
'Cause every time they flip a party
You know the party screams and shouts
'Cause you... DAMN! Aw, TC that was the bomb...

Get all my peoples, get all my peoples headphones
All of 'em, lay 'em a death warrant
Aaaah, yo, show it off, kid, show 'em. What? What?
Let 'em have it, bust it, aiyo, aiyo

Blend wine, who wanna win mine?
Shorty get a ten-round for floatin' with the richest, huh
Flexed out, Flintstones style
Your criminal pen pal kidnapped Loud, jetted the
Mozayan posin' for them niggas up in Poland
Rollin' waxed out museum, G 'em
Them richest niggas bless this like Russian cut VVS's
Slide the hatchback, black, word, finessin' this
Them niggas over there know, Gazelle goggles and them Lottos
'88 style throwin' bottles (Bottles)
Scenario rap, imperial material (Uh, yo, yo, yo, yo)
Yo, dunn, dunn, murderin' cats is like that real
You might also like
Yo, come do me something, word to Michelob, peep the Land Rov'
Sleeper hold club faggots, lay your dome on a stove
It's like space kid, the whole world is pitch black, granola rap
Dough got smaller, famous team walked up in Fotomat
Black down, numerous rounds, boots is brown
Getaway driver–this white bitch from out of town
We love horse races, shakin' Jakes and high-speed chasin'
Porno stations, drinking violations, Godly nations
90 minute Maxell tapes, instrumental breaks
Bangin' earaches, lay my verse down in two takes
The speaker pop, the Winchester rifle's in the kitchen
Murder the DJs, eyes twitchin', woofer hissin'

Yo, he's strong-armin', manipulatin' niggas, scrapin' niggas
Takin' play from niggas, hate fakin' niggas
Yo, you hear me? The whole shit's like wrestlin'
What, you dare me? Back the fuck up, kid, we flexin'

This rap shit bust your gums and leave you stunned
Pull your plug, now you can't function
There's no total or sum to this equation, you frozen
Many may come but few are chosen
Pretty niggas want to play the war posin'
When the ruckus come, they be the first to get their shine stolen
Do or die, it be I, Metaphysical Man
Holding court from my Wu indivisible Clan
I see your thoughts and your hand reachin'
It's getting deep in this mud
Cats heat-seekin' for one blood
Nameless thugs with aimless slugs shootin' at these stank bitches
That’s either brainless or bugged, I make switches
From the lamp, I grant three wishes
Johnny be parlayin', I Blaze britches, then I roll
100% mind, 100% body, 100% soul, individual
Assholes tend to run from this PLO extortion to the one
The next chamber, you fuckin' with the star spangler
To the dawn's early light with this head-banger
Boogie, represent this shit fully
Like I'm constantly at war with the town bully
Who want that pressure? About to get smacked silly
Like a fat bitch in Spandex, Free Willy!
We on some milli, check the joint, Engine Engine Number Nine
Niggas wastin' time worryin' about me and mine
Get your own shit2Embed
We-we-we sound and tell the people
About the musical disc coming your way!
(Buck-bu-bu-buck! Brrr-bu-bu-buck!
Ghostface Killah!)

I'd love to make you happy, buy an island off Miami
Feed your mother and your family, my wildest fantasies
Take place, overlooking real high mountains
They wrote our name in the sky, see baby, we bout it!
This is all us, Adam and Eve if you want
This time, we respect God's work from the jung'
That's all you ever said, Ghost fed, many heads
Broke dead, I'm going bald, girl, I can't grow dreads
Kiana told Deb, on the moped
CiCi Vet on the beach steps give me slow neck
She's lyin', she be on X
She's tired, she a house wreck (that's right)
Don't buy it, tell me why you said that ("Cause you left me...")
I never left you, you left me
You thought if you break out from the kids, you'll be stress free
Talkin' bout it, baby, you my first lady
You let me suck up on them nipples
When I get cranky, and taste your kitty
So girl, won't you on come back down to Earth
Once you land on the Rock, you gonna always see a dirt
Face first, they the worst, they searched and searched
And the worst, don't it hurt, my love, stay alert
You might also like
Two things that you can't touch: My money, my girl
The he-say and she-say could fuck up your world
Playa-haters, perpetrators, house-breakers
Can you see the fact that nigga try'nna live life?
I was raised in a jungle, and stumbled on hills
And didn't nobody ask me on how did I feel
But that sugar and my spice, that's wife
She's my lady, and we just wanna live right, uh

Tell the people, tell the people...
Tell the people, tell the people...
Tell the people, tell the people...
Tell the people, tell the people...
No, no, no... you don't love me and I know now...
No, no, no... you don't love me, yes, I know now...
Tell the people (I see you)
Tell the people (I see you)
No, no, no... I'll do anything for...Embed
{"Love was never born to say goodbye"} What's happenin'?
{"Love was never born to say goodbye"} Yo, yeah, you smokin'?
{"Just another helpless fool in love is what I am"} This is it
{"Just another helpless fool in love is what I am"} Another chamber
You know how we do
Yo, what's the deal, Goldilocks? "Ain't nothin', I'm just hibernatin'
Love that watch, pour me some Scotch and cold Courvoisier"
No doubt, have a chair, Boo, lets get to pollyin'
Who you with? "Me and Molly and some trick who's Yugoslavian"
What fabric is that? "It's only wool and Rayon
Lipstick crayon, fly Fahrenheit spray on"
I'm gettin' tipsy, I hope she read cocks like a gypsy
And transportin' bricks, stealin' many fifties
Fuck negotiatin' — is you with me? Is you ain't?
Sweet ass carrot cake fakin', plus you don't eat turkey bacon
"I don't get down like that", I don't get down neither
Cuban linx skeezer, why you actin' like a rap teaser?
I'm like the jewelry exchange, plus a Range
"Nigga, you small change, I only fuck for Figaro chains"
Analyzin' Miss Clairol — Fendi down, mascara on
Assistant manager in Paragon

{"...Say goodbye"}
{"Love was never born to say goodbye"}
{"Love was never born..."}
You might also like
Socializin', vibin' with my eyes on Dot
She this book cover lady that be blowin' up the spot
While my heart was racin' like the hands on the clock
I step live, I think she see me puttin' out the pot
Peace Dot, I'm so happy to see you at the rendezvous
How's life today? Your hands are softer than Camay too
Your hairdo way more class than Halle Berry
Caught visions of me and you ridin' on the ferry
Plus your daughter Kiki talk to my man Merry
I order me a Sex on the Beach with the cherry
I order her a Riunite on ice, sounds nice
She elegant, pretty eyes, glasses, intelligent
Whispered in my ear that she's celibate
Whispered back to her ear "We don't have to go there"
As I grabbed her hand, sat her politely in the chair
As we stopped and stare at one another, black sister to brother
I'm thinkin' all the time how she could be my lover

{"Just another helpless fool in love is what I am"}
{"Love was never born to say goodbye"}
{"Love was never born to say goodbye"}
{"Just another helpless fool in love is what I am"}

What's happenin', brown sugar? Say, you look so good today
Ankle bracelet wrapped around your leg
Here, have a seat, complimentary drinks is on me
Bartender — Chevalier Chateau at table three
Luxurious rings, eyes sparklin'
What's your name, sugar? Juanita Cash Hawkins
Your complexion gives a reflection of
Sometime a black woman just need to be loved
Quiet and shy, baby girl, my gift got you high?
Made you wanna hit me with the keys to that five?
Just jokin', baby, I have a sharp sense of humor
Wish I would've bumped into your frame a lot sooner
What's your physical degree? Thirty-one? Thirty-three?
Half-Hawaiian with a slight touch of Chinese
Seen you workin' at a law firm on Fifth Avenue
Three blocks from the Gucci spot is where I trapped you
Yo, I'm all into older woman who's happy livin'
Love kids and keep all our business in the crib and
And not afraid to die with me, the God, on your side
We holdin' hands 'til death do us apart and then we slide
Earring in the left side of your nose, love my combo
Should have left my Wiz a thousand times, maybe tonight though
Girl, you sexy motherfucker, damn! What's the recipe?
You make a nigga wanna goddamn!
Can you cook, darling? At the stove you're evolvin'
Baked macaroni, turkey wings, a nigga starvin'
Here, take my number, let me pull the chair from under
I had fun, plus your backyard speak with thunder
{"Love was never born to say goodbye"}
{"Love was never born to say goodbye"}
{"Love was never born to say goodbye"}
{"Love was never born to say goodbye"}
{"Love was never born to say goodbye"}
{"Just another helpless fool in love is what I am"}
{"Just another helpless fool in love is what I am"}
{"Just another helpless fool in love is what I am"}
{"Just another helpless fool in love is what I am"}2Embed

Burn something kid

Yeah, youknowwhatImsaying, let me tell you something man
Through the man's mind, God
He see his elevation, God
See through his mind, he see his elevation, God
See this where he begin to know that where he come from
See some people don't have no direction, God
Because they don't know the science of they self
See the signs of life is the signs of you
All the elements that it took to create you
Everything that's in the universe, God
That's created the universe, God, is just within you
You see what I'm sayin?
And that's the mind that you can't see
Don't you know if a man could take and flip himself inside out, God
He'll fall out and die if he sees the shit that goes on...inside?

So you mean to tell me I'm the creator of all this right here?

You the creator of all this
Because all these things must happen, it must take place
See people go back in the day, God
They say: one man, one woman, Adam and Eve, there ain't no such thing
Everything you see always has been and always will what be
Regardless the womb or what, it's got to be
You might also like
Hit me, hit me, hit me, I don't wanna hear nothin
Word Up
Got to pay
Yeah, it's like that right?
Blow his back out, make his shoes worth

A-yo, this shit be off the noggin rock it
Whatever cock block it
Cat get blown, who own this street corner
Foreigner hesitate to rock a Hummer
Navy Seal top runner, rhyme this summer
For real, marinating nigga's skating
Debating waiting style flowingly relating
Fine line switch it on ya, like venetian blinds
The mission is mine, fabulous king I divine
Titanium Hydro collide though
Yo dun dun polly this conjunction, son one
Slang doctor, medicated kids pay it
Say it, these niggas in affect dun, stay rap related
Cassette rhymer, 5-G consigner, line for liner
Poet designer, sharp like Linus
Mic of the year award, fly gear award
Them niggas over there be analyzing with one sword
Get bent, pay the rent, plus still we invent
Nuff shit to get your whole team crazily sent
Now all I need is a half gallon of weed
Proceed, to bust this mic dick and make three seeds
Then max out like two Ac's inside the parking lot
Son bark a lot and get his team hit in the dark a lot
What now blow, clicking like a calico
Gold, Maximillion, one love keep it real yo
Yo, hit me for these Tommy Hill, ice-rocking niggas
Peace, this summer's mines, I blow the biggest
Back up off me, while I grab my dick and hold the Heini
Park the Blue 600, Wally kings is right behind me
Tackle clubs, never rock Lugz, I'm way above
These mics is like the Golden Gloves verses spark plug
Its like the pennant, seminar's the play-off
Start the J off like Cochran got OJ off
This specialist who eyeballed your mistress necklace
Perpetuous, this curly-head kid's treacherous
Let go the eggo, so we can dip dip dive like Lego
Throw on can-can, eat that plus this instrumental
Ah shit say Stark-ologist
Starks-ologist, fried fish halibut
Pull out the bull horn, let's celebrate like Kunta was born
We elbowed our way inside Loud and got on
I played the building, burn a branch and get filled in
Like Pilgrims G-in' Pepridge farms from out of millions
Who wanna rhyme, who wanna challenge the swordmans
That rock that fisherman hat like Gorton's

I hold down the place, no shots to the face
Elite Special force no religious style faith
The melting pot boil gun shot drama soil
Gamble when I scramble handle hot pots of oil
Manhandle pain killing erect my hidden
Streets made me potent put your 9-6 bid in
Vampire curse disperse on each verse
Swim in black water, axe slaughter through my earth
You're hit by my element Great Wall of China
Mountain peak holds the globe like vagina
Measure on my mic stand, molecule and strand
Finger rolling rhythm ride the horse one hand
Golden Eye, Spy vs. Spy, guilty of suspicion
Chess boxer, mic in dead body position
40 oz. Ciga-art, three verse invention
Divine universal black man representing
Similar to pure, rhyme blowing out the pore
Battery in the back, keep me charged for the raw
I'm bred type thorough, pistolero gun hero
Renaissance rebel chatter-boxing your barrel
Fully woven Beethoven, hit you on a humble
Hard enough to hurt you, chastise my rap styles
Lock down, for this curfew3Embed
Ayo
You know, they're killers themselves
Hey, hey, hey, forty-six hundred in there, duke
How you want it? How you want it?
How you want it? Stop that, stop that
These are the men who lead the crime families of America
I control 26,000 men
Except for dope, we operate in all aspects of organized crime
And if there's one thing I'm sure of
It's that drugs destroy your mind and destroy your home
In the end, it'll only lead our country into ruin

We eat fish, toss salads and make rap ballads
The biochemical slanglord'll throw the arrows
In the dope fiend, vocal cords switch laser beams
My triple sevens broke the slot machines out in Queens
Grey Poupon is Revlon rap, smack pawns, swing like batons
Most my niggas smoke like Hillshire Farms
Check the gummy sole, underneath my shoe lies the tap
That attract bow-legged bitches with wide horse gaps
In steel mills I inhale smoke to blow on duns
You run errands, Primatene Mist is afraid of my lungs
Turn my channel, it'll blow your whole bench off the panel
Like eighty roman candles that backfired then slammed you
Every day is like a video shoot, check this shit
I take it back to Playboy, stash guns in whips
Picture afro picks, shish kabobs and dashikis
Thousands civil marched, raised their fists in early sixties
You might also like
Now check this one, you must have been stupid to miss this one
Donna shogun and flip a ton of fashion
Destination be the cash one, I step past one
Don't make me blast one, I'm cold like Eskimo floe
Cappa-villain stay chillin', take shots of penicillin
Clean out and let the steam out, she fiend to blow out
But I'm equipped with mad white, Morris The Rat got nine lives
I'll take a few hundred thousand dollar dives
And then I still never go down, until the last round I shine
When RZA do his thing motherfucker, I'ma do mine

Now, where I come from cats be carrying
Marrying drug money, fuck up your wife, get four to life
Cream we handling, Midtown niggas scrambling
Move and examine the fly shit, plus quick to buy shit
Chef, yeah, you know the whole god's astral
Fidel Castro suits, plus depositing cash rule
Big time, play it like Canadian wine
RZA's divine now, the sacredness of one's true mind
Now let's get colorful like money-green
High roller coaster, Sosa, million dollar nigga roaster
Yeah, god, be having my whole steez laced
Now let's rap a taste, connect dots, aim Glocks, train stop
Figaro fly jewelin', tri-color Cubans
Swerving with power Germans and Suburbans
Twenty-four niggas with vests on, my own restaurant
Dons sending my sons membership forms
And still getting this paper scraper
Fake gators from Jamaica, wizzes be passing like Lakers
And it be coming from Lex Louis Rich Liberace
Fetus style and block ya goals like hockey3Embed
Whoaahhhoahhh, ohhh, ohhhhh
It's been a long, long
A long time coming
A change gon' come

Yo, yo these streets got me backed down how can I escape?
How can I survive without bubblin weight?
It's prepared for the stand off, once you hand off
That white rock, and then give birth to a knot
Your biggest dream was to rock your 850 and beam
You and the Gods buy a crib in the white part of Queens
But at the same time, niggas on the block is ill
Some'll rock you to sleep, hap, for selling cross pills
Being watched all day like enemy's prey
Faces, you never seen before is in your hallway
Brothers you knew for years is mad pussy and scared
Back in the days U.F.O.'s couldn't walk up in here
It's time to motor, travel like a foul order
Clear my head, stay sober, the soul controller

Oahhhh, it's been a long, long
A long time coming
A change gon' come
Oh, yes it will
Said I'm too, tired of livin
But I'm, but I'm afraid to die
Cause I don't know what's up there
In that great big ol' sky
You might also like
Sink deep into the fog, big buffalo large
Taj Mahal just got banged, shanked for eighty large
It's hard to keep up, with these key-ons, that smoke dust
In the U.S. Mint they went to rock the place and call the rush
All these shameless niggas armed with cherry-red Bally's
On the twenty-fifth, everybody rich is gettin married
Killed for power beans, your brother own schools in Medina
Vaseline lips is cracked cause they all had dreams
They overdue, these Gods own a mosque in Peru
Tropical trees and weaves where they grew bamboo
Olympic minds quick flash like a leak on
A hundred shares short to own Nissan, watch em get they feast on
Royal blue lies inside the eyes of heaven
Curse the head, who speak foul and jinx number seven (seven)
Clear my head and stay sober, the soul controller...
(Stay sober, the soul controller)

Oahhh, been a long time comin
Oh yeah
A change gon' come
Woooaahh, yes it will

Yo, yo we sit and play the wall like nine super heroes
Late for the man choose and hit socks and stereo
The kid's nice, warnin you twice, run your garmets
Jet to Providence, switch up and bag down your Parliament
Ironman is laced with a plate inside the dome piece
Go off in airports, biographies, prophecies
Watch me set it, real key-ons hold down the desert
And walk with a famous name like Supreme Magnetic
Carbon copy, I love my Akai snare choppy
Melachi off the funky pen with the wax poppy on instrumentals
Niggas get lost like S.S. Minnows
Turned out like rentals, keep gold around the denim
A change gon come
Yes it will
It's been a long, long
A long time coming
A change gon come
Wooo, yes it will
Said I'm so
Tired of living
But I'm, but I'm afraid to die
Cause I don't know what's up there
In that great, big ol sky
Oh my, oh my, oh my
It's been a long, long time
A long time coming
Change gonna come
Wooo, yes it will

"Sorry boys
All the stitches in the world can't sew me together again
Lay down, lay down
Gonna stretch me out in Fernandez funeral home on hun and ninth street
Always knew I'd make a stop there
But a lot later than a whole gang of people thought
Last of the Mohicans
Well, maybe not the last
Can't come with me on this trip, Loaf
Gettin the shakes now
Last call for drinks
Bar's closin down
Sun's out
Where we goin for breakfast?
Don't wanna go far
Rough night
Tired, baby
Tired..."
"Greatest trick the devil ever pulled
Was convincing the world he didn't exist
And like that, he's gone"3Embed
Let's see you try the water technique
Hai, ha, ha, ha, ha
The sky is high, the cloud is low
Yeah
But my water technique is hard to beat
Word up
But the earth can absorb water
Gotta zip my coat
Hai, hai, ha
Yeah
The sky is high, the cloud is low
Fuck 'em
But my water technique is hard to beat
Yeah, check the fly shit
But the earth can absorb water
Uh
Hai, hai

What the fuck I got to lose, huh? Word to God, let's get it on
Clap your heels three times, grab the magic wand
Nameless, these stonewashed cats, leave 'em brainless
Somewhere out of this world, stranded on Uranus
With coke and a dollar bill, stems and crack capsules
Take a blast, boo, booby trap a cruise, it's natural
Like soybean, burn like a laser beam
My vaccine, I shoot it firm and it connects like sideburns
The segment, rap fragment
Comes together like magnets
Attract heads, captured like Dragnet
Going through mad phases of all ages
Killa Beez locked the fuck up behind cages
The Genovese swallowed this line and caught a freeze
Press caller ID for me to quote more degrees
The fortune teller tuck a sleeping gas umbrella
Award winning dining in the back of Marabella
Now, who don't believe that cash must rule?
I don't eat meat, I slap blood out of Perdue
Keep a wireless mic, mic's on, strike the session
It's over, I'll fire this and glow like fluorescent
You might also like
The sky is high, the cloud is low
Peace to y'all, let's get our rhyme on
But my water technique is hard to beat
Yeah, peace to y'all, let's get our rhyme on
But the Earth can absorb water
Hai, hai

Yo, yo, mountains of blow like snow, constant cash flow
Rocking a Shaft afro, Tony got mad glow with hoes
Mega powder dripping from they nose
Fucking Jet magazine bitches with wide pussy pose
Centerfold the whole night, deadly venom horror snake bites
Only Built 4 Cuban Link kings who shoot dice
Holding money bags, convertible Benz with feathered bags
With the mongoose, your man's got two seeds down in Baghdad
You onion-head niggas spread out and parlay
Yo, Rae, these icks-days get crashed with ash trays
I pull stings like guitar strings down in Spain
I'm so hyped, jakes labeled god, "Crack cocaine"
Y Equality Self, god, yeah, yeah you know it kid
Ricky fucked up a G-Pack, blow his wig
He's rocking Wu Wear, the latest in fleece uniform
He's a newborn, look at money, swearing like he on
But, anyway, back to furry Kangols, Jamaican Wallabees
My back is on the wall, bombing devils with trick-nology
My heart is cold like Russia, got jerked at The Source Awards
Next year, two hundred niggas coming with swords3Embed
Yeah, that's right
Hardy Boys shit, uh-huh
Smoke a Winston to this shit, nigga
Word up, 'bout to fuckin' throw ya head up
Yeah, yo, yo

He got his stones from Greece
In his mouth he had like thirty plus karats
Big ratchets, smoke cigars like a Bogart classic
Told niggas if he die, he want a glass casket
Parents died when he was five years old
Made his way inside the US with Colombian Gold
A fake name in the passport
Benetton luggage, one sister, pretty thing, light skin
Niggas'll body over her like fuck it
With a scar by her left eye
Her brother Alex was extremely close, he sold coats and minks
Had trays put in toilets and sinks
Loved to roller skate, '99 did time up in Rahway
Came home blown, the thorough kings and soldiers
Never gave a fuck about that MC beef in Queens
Alex, he was a rich nigga
He had close to ten bodies under his belt
His man did the last one and got murdered himself
Took him a while to get his head together
Alex, one day, out in LA
Made a call in New York
Told his man Oc, "God it's goin' down, fly the whole team in for support"
Remember that Ray shit that Jamie Foxx played? That was my shit
I never got paid, they got rich off a stolen script
In '98 I seen Charles on the Cali strip
Showed him the copyrights, his life in the real flick
In braille, he read it in no time
Hit me with his math, said I'll give you some more lines
Real talk, stand up dude
Said, "How you like Jamie Foxx to replay you?"
He said "Yeah, that's cool, but
Under one circumstance
You think he can borrow my walk, flip my talk and my hands?"
I said "Sure, why not? He can imitate anything
Trust me, this young boy hot"
Shook his hand then I bounced in the limo
Grabbed my cell, bit my cigar, then rolled down the window
Contact Stony Brook and Roberts
Told them we got an intent letter, yo, Ray-Ray signed it
Now we can move on and shoot this live shit
With mad options, Paramount and DreamWorks, we shop it
Or Mandalay and New Line cop it
I go and get ten mil' and blow it on the independent market
But anyway, down in P.F. Changs
I had a meeting with this rich investor
Said he'll throw twenty million on the kid's film only if he chose the cast
He was drunk, he was talkin' real fast
So I test his mouth, laid back then I put him on blast
Where exactly he gon' get this cash?
I got a ill Gotti Gigante connect
Wise guys that kill Bulotti, catching bodies, earnin' respect
The waiter came in a dropped off the shrimp fried rice he ordered
I said thanks as he poured my water
Then out came the veggie rolls, sesame chicken and mint tea
Rice wine had me wanting to pee
Said, "Excuse me I'll be right back, pardon me"
Grabbed his glass and he nodded to me
Skated off to take a piss, the shit felt like a nut
Got back, the dude vanished, briefcase, script, and all
Ask the waiter where he go, the motherfucker spoke SpanishYou might also like2Embed
Uh-huh

Greasy, razor blades, shots spray, military
Armor, keep blaze packed, all day, dog's day
Groundhog Day, ya'll bitch niggas got sweet hands, word
I know why, why? Ya'll all gay, pop off head
Get your top rocked, way across state
The pamphlet read, from seven to nine, don't hold that weight
Ya'll just bait, I'm a fisherman, I own this lake
When I catch fish, I fry 'em, to they backside flake
I smash ya'll muthafuckas like a seedless grape
And hang niggas like some ceiling fans in K-Mart plates
Feel me? Shake double earthquakes, give thanks, give shanks
Word to my momma, I cut the grass on you fucking snakes
Expose, don't tell, use a mo', round the way
Go-Go down, gone with the wind, he's a he-she
Bitch ass nigga for sale, like Magilla
Standing in the window, with a sign, "Yes, I fuck men, though"

Aiyo, Sheek (What up, dog?)
Stab one of them niggas, nigga, word up!

Aiyo, my niggas is wetted, they drunk and they trying to eat
The hammers on 'em, and they ain't out looking for meat
I'm jumping out cars, I'm giving you permanent scars
Your hardest nigga, you can't compare him to ours
I'm sitting on crates, I'm missing probation dates
I'm stuck with this weight, my wifey period late
I'm hot as fuck, my truck keep getting tailed
It's like every week, one of mines getting jailed
Forgetting bail, piss test failed
Got parole on us, then wanna roll on us
I'm at my momma crib sleep, who told on us?
I'm sick to death, I'm on fire in the streets
Like in Back to the Future, when the car left
Ghost'll clap for me, fuck, rap for me
Yo, tell them niggas on the Island, get strapped for me
Het wet ya, and throw the stocking
On his face, like when he first met cha
You might also like
Yo, me and Sheek drug heads like a bottle of Goose
I had my road dogs follow your troops
Gorilla game, African tribe, Somalian crew
With a flow so sick, my high temperature'll body the flu
Crack heads get knocked out, right in front of the school
Slap 'em Sheek, wake his ass up, he can't even move
Cereal box is crack and ratchets, in the cocaine spot
My fiends'll box filled with coke head classics
Dope money, flood me rags of kush, heavy drags
Bodegas, I'm mad, my older sister Patty's a butch
Guns come out like my mother's teeth, watch how I'm throwing heat
The leg gravy be steaming over smothered beef
From eight-ball jackets to cops and robbers
My last drug run, I threw in two bricks to garbage
I wash my money in Woolite, dunyy, sippin' on Folgers
Black jewels trucking, still come through bummy1Embed
Listen, man, it's going on 2007, g
I wanna wish ya'll muthafuckas a happy New Year
(New Year, let's give it up) How your 2006 was son?
(Go and get up, get up, ya'll niggas is crazy
Ya'll know how I get, my 2006 off, nigga I broke two of my toes, nigga
It's going down nigga, that's what's up, ya'll niggas is crazy)
That's why you came to the show with, um, peanut butter on your toes, that day
(Nigga, why you gotta bring everything up? Man, everybody here enjoying)
Nah, son, because your shit's --- (crazy, a happy New Year
This muthfucka) Nah, boy, yo (no, man...) But your shit was looking mad timid
That was the funniest shit in the book, that day (Find out who...)
That's your toes right there! (Who the fuck said I broke 'em)
Yo, how you put them little baby cast on there? (Just a little punk ass nigga man)
How you put them in the baby cast like that, though, son?
Come on, son, that's what I was, that shit, yo
Let me tell you something, I ain't gon' front, yo
I love you and all that, son (then say that!)
You my first cousin, (then say that, Ghost, say that)
You my first cousin, though, but come on, man
You know how it is, son, I ain't seen you in years though
(You know how I get down) How you had peanut butter on your toes though, son?
(Cuz the nigga asked for it, man, shit I fucked a nigga up, man)
Yo, it's New Year's, yo (get back to me, muthafucka)
Yo, it's New Year's son (fuck ya'll niggas, this ain't no
Yo, Ghostface, my gold is fifty hundred, I want my money)
NINE! EIGHT! SEVEN! SIX! FIVE! FOUR! THREE! TWO! ONE!
I love you my nigga, Happy New Year's!
Fuck that, let's get this paper!
You might also like
Yo, yo I was sitting at the table thinking
How the hell do I murder these M.C.'s, sting 'em like bees
My attitude's that of Hannibal, not compatible
Why I would damage you, fuck, if I drink, then ran with you
Ya'll chose to war, so called rich niggas wanna verse the poor
I'll rob you first, then go to your earth, it's not gon' hurt
If you try calling the cops, it's not gon' work
All you gotta do is lay in the dirt, we dug a hole
And my guns weight more, yo, then Gerald Levert
With more blubber than a Ruben Studdard, I grease the pan
With rhymes, and ya'll can't believe it's not butter
I told ya'll to chill, stretch all out like franks on the grill
With a classic deal, I'm like a farmer when I'm playing the field
Just painting my seeds, in 20-06, it's time to build
"Ghost is back..." - sample 4X

Yo, I cooked up the beef, seasoned up the meat
Fried 'em, tried 'em, took it out the grease
Ghost came to steal the show, since you loving your broad
I'mma lay back and reveal your ho
She a brain therapist, chick you can't kiss
Opened up her legs, like "ooh, I smell fish"
Yeast infection, queen, she love dick
Shriveled up tits, she'll bang the whole Knicks
Now how can I salute you, kid, I'm planning to do you
Crucial, blow rugers at who you with
We bump heads while we out in the street, it's all good
My trigger fingers'll matter, kick the back of your feet
And your red monkey jeans, is looking like a scene from Baghdad
That's bad, flags red, dirt beds
Ya'll niggas is eating, crystal meth' heads
We pissed out, wrist out, with the best threads
Knockin' niggas off, knockin' niggas out
Fucking up rappers is what I'm about
I'm holding Staten Island down, ya'll cats must be dead
Keep fronting and lose your head
"Ghost is back..." - sample 4X

You can decide on who's liver
Toney Knight Rider, wisdoms love my saliva
Slobbin' 'em down, hoggin' the mound
Pitchin' 'em eightballs, robbing the town
Don't let your gangsta, get you murked up
Faggot ass homeys done got you worked up
Rappers can't come around, ya'll why rap is dead
Freeze, nigga, come off the bread
Whole horizon, hit 'em with toast, a rap arising
Ringing the boys bell like Verizon
Eyes, looking suprised, that the four-five
Yo Ghost, don't even do it, I got some more pie

Word up, aiyo I'd like to give a mean shout out to Staten Island
Holding the boy down, ya'll know what it do
Theodore Unit, Big Trife, Wigs, Du-Lilz
Yo Supa! Ya'll know what it is, man, yaknowhatimsaying?
My West Brighton niggas... let's see that money come first
That's right, yeah, get up in that building
You tell L.A. Reid and them niggas to crack that safe
Word up, cause we coming, J-Love
Aiyo Den, what up, Ice, C-Allah, what up, yo Un
You knowhatimean, yo, Buck, hold ya head.. aiyo Bean
You know what it is, tell E, I said what's the deal, man
We gon' get this paper, this year, yo Irf, you know how we do
I ain't even gotta say that much, TaVon, come holla at your boy
I know my jack be off all the time, but yo, that don't mean shit, nigga
Come through and holla, nigga, word up, this what it is
Yo, S.G., that's my son doola... ya'll niggas keep ya'll hands off him
Youknowhatimean? Yo Ant Acid.. what's the deal, aiyo Tech, yo Plex
Your boys here, nigga... word up, it's all about paper this year, nigga, word up
I got mad babies to feed, I got bills nigga, one...
Wu-Tang for life, Cappadonna, Raekwon, what up?
"Ghost got the juice, now"1Embed
 Word... these Wiz's be buggin God
Reason why ain't got nuttin to do with nuttin
 Yeah, check it out y'all one two
We back up in this joint! What?
Check the fly shit... yeah
Don't black out on me

Yo, black man watch out, she salt-water trout
Al Deuce dug her back out, inside the dugout
Heard the pussy was good, big niggas fell victim
Mentally stripped em one God turned Christian
She know magic, soakin wet pussy on the matress
Skin like Cleopatra's, the leading actress
She been fuckin since we went to fourteen, look at Miss Thing
With a ponytail kept a jar of Vaseline
She's a big girl now, with a body that growl
Like Wiz murder trial, smile attract crowds
Most niggas, would light the lord over this broad
Big niggas in they drawers pose one knee on the floor
Little kids daydream of humping wildflower
Hanna Barbera fame Geraldo Rivera

Fat ass, whips, big asses, colorful lips
Wide hips, spoiler kits, chrome dipped
Wearing loot kicks
Plus G's boomin' beats
Loud horn beeps, crowded streets, confusion yo
The heat is on, yo it's too black it's too strong
In one hour Wu-Tang Clan is about to perform
Police barricade, sidewalk crowded like parades
Your arena now present, the event of the decade
Long braids and fades, bald heads, finger waves
Extensions, nails
Friday, just got paid
Headlining your marquee is the prime time rhyme crime family
That shines Godly light upon this hip-hop art form
Yo Dunn, we can't be measured by no chart, the God born
Never bust premature for sure
You want it raw, let me plant my dynamite bitch
Deep inside your core
The explosion stops your menstruation
Cause your stomach inflation
Patiently wait nine months for deportation
Of the Earth from the Moon, black woman stay in tune
Yo Gods, let me born y'all the science about the womb
It's a black hole for those who lose control
Fertile soil for royal and wise
And spoiled many men and took many lives
Loyal brothers changed sides
Only birthed a decimal compared to those who died insideYou might also like1Embed
"You out there, on now"
"Sorry... that's word, I'm not the herb"
"Understand what I'm saying, saying, saying"
"It's the hardcore"
"Set it off, rusty, low down"
"Following me, it be the God"
"Whatever, whatever"
"God all"
"All New York, ight"

Yo, aiyo, the Wally man's coming, you can hear his chain dangle
Brolic arm, check out the ankle
Best cuts, diamond sittin' sideways, like they sit in the cup
You can pour Goose on it, juice on it, you can make it slush
On the streets, cousin, word life, them big boy Toys'R'Us
Got them S5 fifties Maybach's, push suede back
Four hundred g's, on the concrete, save that
Like James Brown, it's the Big Payback
Same place you front's where you get laid at
Strong arm a nigga for real, we eat ya food
Like dog, muthafucka, in replace of a meal
Give you a two hour car chase, flying through lakes and bushes
Holding the wheel, still burning the swishes
Exotic killas who bribe to kill us, and we pay for a tab
Don't matter what size the bill is
We don't need your support, wack speech your thought
Just to rhyme my shit when the tape cut off
The price of fame, a dope chain, the same chain
Yo, he tapped to the roof, watch the block, watch 'em hang
You might also like
From Broad Street down to Milledge
You fucking with experienced killas
Mean wolves, silver back gorillas
Them Theodore kids' gorillas
You fucking with experienced killas
Silver back gorillas

The grenade gonna hit like a bomb from Flex
The street is never at peace when I palm a tech
My enemies is subdued, I'm a black belt
The moves I do, is how Bruce stick Kareem Abdul
Same dudes give a bitch booze, stupid rich dudes
Crystal, chandellier ice, keep a wrist full
Cuz, if Lil' Jon, can ice his cup
I top that shit, and ice my nuts
See I'm a threat when it comes to rocks
At 3 A.M., you like damn, who put the sun on the block
Is he crazy? Illuminate like the Son of God
And still pull up in the hooped out rented car
With dust and weed on him, knock the neighborhood bully out
Take his gun and pee on him
The magazines can't develop my flicks
The negatives came, and printed out them c-note chips
Keep the heat flaming, beats banging, bottle of weed stanking
Competition, yo, I'm giving out strict spankings
Burn 'em like bacon, some want Satan
In the hell fire, screaming, yo I'm sorry for faking, baking
Embed
Oh shit, look at them, they running on foot
They picked the car up, they on some Flintstone shit
Oh shit... and them niggas stuck together
On some Siamese shit... yo

Yo, classic murders, slick gun material
Burnt up bodies that rot with no burial
Hammers that hardly work, go to work
Like a slave on a hot day, with no water
Blow you for props, in the cop's face, might get knocked up
Jakes that play hero, they can get popped up
Face fallin' off they cheekbone, gotta take meat
From they ass, to sew it back, I'm a beast, homes
It's ground beef, in the streets, so we squeeze chrome
Like fresh fruit, from a tree, so the heat's blown
Your momma missing, your boys are crying
Cut ya balls out your nutsack, the chinks are buying
Shit bags is like gift bags, you get it for free
If you master fronting, classic cutting
You keep stunting, them gem star'll rip something
Look homey, it's the bloody sweepstakes
Glove club you down in the club, how you like that, sweet cakes?

Yo, it was a minute after twelve, when the tragedy struck
Niggas emptied on son, and left 'em leaning right in Valerie's truck
The red Cherokee blood was pouring out his head heavily
The only motive for murder was wetter, either jealousy
They found him slumped over the wheel, horn blowing
Bullet holes showing, property stolen, motor still going
Driver’s side door wedged open, the window was broken
Glass fragments shredded his grill, his collar was soaking
He probably knew the killas, cause they jinxed him with ease
Cops comb the perimeter, thirsty, looking for leads
Knocking on doors, questioning tenants, the lieutenant
Was the first to arrive on the scene, he knew he was finished
DeWayne Roberts knew him in college, mid-twenties
Stopped being brolic, V.A. driver's license in his wallet
The last call on his mobile phone was back to home
Sorry, Miss Amonia's son was found dead with two in his dome
You might also like
This be the bird's eye view of things, look how we doing things
We stick niggas up and we take they rings
Mission Impossible, Theodore Unit, we unstoppable
Spit razors out of our mouth and start chopping you
Bank robbers, blood jakes out with the obstacle
Ropes hanging down from the roof, my parachute
Soaking water, heat smoking, we scrape and we Pillage, man
Wherever we broke in, Theodore, pulverize
Boat rides and tours, smashed 'em in the crib with they coke in they straws
Dudes step off the scene, black face and four-four
The CREAM that we stack up, cake and whores

Cash in abundance, the cats that I run with
Got gats stashed in motels and stacks by the hundreds
I don't ask if I want it, my attitude is run it
I don't ask if I want it, my attitude is run it, yup
Mega ice neck, with some fish, with some fish dishes
Rakim gems, my mind shine is what my weight misses
Anything else is uncivilized, send the kind of niggas
Other men despise, you can see the venom rise
My nine leaves them tenderized, I don't need my men to ride
I'm in the moshing squad, beside the car that's highly energized
Been advised, before, that fucking with I, is genocide
Many men have died, from playing games from what they feel inside
Brawl with it in me, put it on my enemy
Be warned, defending me, like killing off a Kennedy
I silly song M.C.'s get sent on base
Type of nigga spit the Remy or laugh in ya face
This dig in my waste, is mastery, step out of place
Shatter that ass, like glass, and break fast like a neglige
Play with the biscuit, dick, don't even risk it
I, snatch up my misses, and dash on the interstate
Embed
Aiyo, what up party people (Yeah, my name's on the guest list)
This is the Wallabee kingpin in the building (As Mr. Maygreen... good evening...)
Right about now, I'm about to show you how good we are (I'm in the club, I'm)

(Good), I look so, (good), the car look
(Good), I'm in the hood, and I'm okkkkkk
(Good), the jewels look, (good), the girls look
(Good), they all from around the wayyyyy
(Good), hey there, (good), look at you
(Good), me, I'm just passing byyyyyyy
(Good), look at her, (good), time out
(Good), I think I'll give the game a tryyyyy

Aiyo, my rose was good, plus my face was good
The way I wear my jeans up over my boots is hood
And my cash is good, the grass, spread it out, over the hash is good
The grasp who be hypecast is good
That's the bird that fucked the game up
Cut the head off lames and platinum niggas, your boy done came up
Got my aim up, favorite bling with a millennium chains
Chilling, in the staircase, surrounded by killings
With bank rolls, bang those, bang your main hoes
You was in love with the pussy, it ain't the same though
Cuz I'm good, she's good, so you should be good
Hit her with the stiff one, she callin' me wood
And we don't love those hoes, with they flat butts caked up
And tipped up toes, need an ill plastic surgeon to fix they nose
Cuz they shit is too fat like an adidas sole
Don't even touch my gold, I'm good
You might also like
I know you heard it a thousand times
Not quite like my design
You say that's what you looking for
Gator boots walk through the door, now

(Good) Theodore's good, (good), my team is good
(Good) My robes is good, (I'm so good)
(Good) My moms is good, (good), my style is good
(Good) My queen is good, yeah, come on, (I'm so good)
(Good) The days is good, (good), babies is good
(Good) Wifes is good... uh-huh
(Good) The hood is good, (good), God is good
(Good) Everything is good, come on, let's go

Goose over ice cubes, pass the O.J
Two light skinned wizzes, want Ghost, on both ways
Come here, sit on my lap, it's not a gat, sugar
Have a seat, don't be afraid to move back
Feel that? You'se a nasty girl
Big butt, slim gut, I'll crash your world
It's not polite to bend over in Starkey face
Sheer lace, fat ass, got want me to taste that
Lodi dodi, with a coke shaped body
And my jewels hang low like my balls in the potty
And I dare ya'll to try to rob me
Theodore U, we got the army
A-Town to Mariner's Harby
Wild West, Now Born, go hard, G
Killa Hill, Stapletown, Port Rich' kids
Pack heat, like I was pulling out biscuits


When we on the block bubbling rocks, watching for cops
Holding Glocks in and out of the spots, (it's all good)
When we overseas, getting that cheese, whipping the hottest V's
Blowin' exotic trees, playa, (it's all good)
When I'm in the whip, sunk in the six, drunk off the liqs
Pull up, stunting, fronting for chicks, (it's all good)
When we on stage getting them Grammy's, snatching them panties
Jetskiing off the shores of Miami, (it's all good)


Yeah... told ya'll before, another Theodore Production
This is how we go in the 06 to 07, come on, come on
1Embed
Uh, thirty thousand feet up in the air, up in the lear
Dressed in a black tux, forty cal. tucked, strapped to the chair
Half asleep, hopping out of my seat, caught in the daze
Turned around and seen a white man's face, covered in shades
I must of passed out, can't remember shit before I blacked out
Three more niggas approaching, holding they mack's out
One spoke, gave me the keys, to a boat
Reached in his trenchcoat, and pulled out a yellow envelope
Which contained twenty thousand in cash, a photograph
Of a Colombian nigga with a long mustache
Miguel Sanchez, keep a gun hidden in his pants leg
With armed bodyguards, surveillance around his land spread
He runs a billion dollar organization, under investigation
Plus he's wanted by immigration
Now I'm stuck, crazy look on my face, shocked in amazement
How the fuck I get involved with these federal agents
They knew my background, knew about what happened down in Sac Town
They knew about the wrap down south, they laid they backs down
Said I had two decisions, take out Miguel and his cartel
Or spend the rest of my life in prison
A classified mission on some James Bond shit
007 style, love to get some straight convicts
Now I'm pondering, my thoughts wandering, got my girl on the phone
Told her to kiss little Jay cuz I'll be gone again
Honey, I can't sleep, she sucking her teeth
If everything go good, baby, I'll be home in a week
Pinching myself just to see if I'm dreaming, call up my team and
Meet me by the docks in Miami, I'll fly out this weekend
You might also like
I got you nigga, four-four pop two niggas
That drug lord that we want, got a spot for niggas
And if we kill 'em, it's back to the block, my nigga
He carried rugers, thirty four shots I figure
He only holla at the kid, when there's money involved
They pack shotguns, hollow tips, dummies and all
When me and Trife doing right together, got no choice
But give us ten, like we selling white together
Left side, four-five, right, black beretta
Taking trips over seas, flipping packs for better
Every flight a hundred stacks and better, so grind hard
Get ya money up, get on your grillies, don't mind odds
Fuck a cop car, throw on some chumpers, and drop charge
Hit the block hard, it's kinda hard being G-O-D
If he owe Trife, he owe me
Load up the mack grounds, M-I-A, call that the jack town
Tell niggas I'm on my way, coming back down
Miguel, Mr. Sanchez, it's a wrap, now
Theodore extorting your shit, handing out packs, now
I used to listen to 50 and jam "Back Down"
Now I slang fifty kilo's where I'm at now
Fifty a wop, purple top, nigga, I'm back, clown
Crystal bottles, Grey Goose for the chat lounge
Channel seven news, older dude, murder gat found2Embed
Theodore Roosevelt...
It's the Ed Sullivan Show, ladies & gentlemen
Here we go... come on, Theodore, Toney...

This one's for the boys and the girls on the streets
Make sure you listen careful to the words I speak
Before you get the drawers, and the bitch wanna eat
Make sure you let 'em know to sign the pussy receipt, and

Greedy bitches, greedy, greedy, bitches (come on)
Greedy bitches, greedy, greedy, bitches (and you)
Greedy bitches, greedy, greedy, bitches (say what)
Greedy bitches, yo, the hoes ate the Oreos

Word to my momma, yo, I hate ya'll greedy bitches
Ya'll greasy, after the club, want the piece of chicken
Hotel rooms, you better not touch the phone
Uh-uh, leave that roof service book alone
Don't ask me, for food, I ain't ask you
Cut through the bullshit, you can just pass the pool
And ya fat friend you brought, she can crash too
But if ya stomach growling hard, I'mma laugh, boo
No Domino's, Papa John's and Waffle House
Frontin' on the pussy, you can throw the dick in your mouth
Straight cock, we in the halls, yo there's other twat
In Trife room, where them other ho bitches flock
Wigs got it popping, Du-Lilz went bird shopping
He got bird seeds, he's probably getting head whopping
Fucking with you, yo I hope you ain't cock blocking
I want some pussy now, if not, you can get to hopping
Bounce, muthafuckas talking about you ain't giving up no pussy
You might also like

Yo, this is for them greedy bitches, who wanna eat off my buck
Who get 99 bananas, cuz you fresh out of luck
I wanna fuck, and you try'nna get a sirloin steak
Little money, backstage passes, and some Oreo cake
You better split if the legs don't spread like wings
This is Theodore, we more than just suicide kings
Super groupie, that G on your chest stand for greedy
Caught a contact high, cuz we always bake ziti
Blow the gerder's, we just wanna puff and sleep
Not in my bed, I'm try'nna put nut in your cheek
Little squirrel, my twat team stay on alert
I pump iron to them pink panties under your skirt
Why try to scheme, my double stuff cream got 'em all
On a scavenger hunt, greedy bitch of the month
They want a table, when it's time to give pussy, they front
You can't play your boy Wigs, like I'm some kind of chump
That's right, get 'em out here, yo, Tone


Yo, I get butter, nigga, like Land O' Lake
When bitches see me, they be quick to pump they brakes
But wait, before we fuck, let's make it clear
If you ask me for a dime... get the fuck out of here
"Aiyo, you broke nigga?" No bitch, you got it wrong
I'm still spending, from Red & Meth sitcom
What you doing? Stripping, grabbing on groin
I bet your momma proud of what you become
I'm on the block getting it, hip hop, getting it
Blunts got piff in it, new five, whipping it
Shorty like "Redman, buy me a cigarette"
Try'nna get me robbed at the store where her niggas at
Greedy bitch, hoods up, hoes down
Get money like Berry, looking for MoTown
And if I'm in your hood, bitch, high as a fuck
Clock the flavor, audio one, your time is up, bitch...
Embed
With shoes on make it three even
Been shot but I'm still breathing
Sent niggas back to Pittsburgh
With they necks wrapped up no lie
See that's what happens when slugs fly
Doves cry when a thug dies
It might rain if you're a love guy
Glocks we tote 'em in belong pawn shops where we resold 'em
And going in we let the fiends hold 'em
Fake aliases, no driver's license or socials
But we cold cheek shit, so many hammers left the clerk speechless
Outdoors my niggas is dirty
Rollin' smoke in the back seat sippin' orange juice
Bumping Blackstreet, suede wallets, Wallabees
Pea soup Clarks, music blastin', laughin' with the whip in park
Bodies for lunch, they eat those
Old school guns is like old albums, clean 'em and they keep goin'

Hey man it's rough outside
Crack heads is buyin' all night
Handguns is necessary
Fuck around you might lose your life
Anywhere in and outta town B
The same every hood it's so real
That you gotta be on your grizzly
If not then you might get pideeled
You might also likeLike one day right over a powerful dice game in Minnesota
We hit the mall up for kicks
Slid, in other words bounce, tip the chauffeur
To get that cheddar cheese back we lost from earlier
Get back the dices shaking, stretching my arm like Troy Aikman
What's in the bank? Nigga what? Twelve grand bowl 'em
No little shit on the floor roll 'em
That's what I do (sounds of dice shaking)
Six 'em girls, hit his kicks
I'm a still show that motherfucker he fish
Pound cake, beat that bitch
Holy smoke! I admire your roll
Two fours and a five, they all applause and he smiled
But confident me, yea I threw my twelve on the ground
Grab the dice, blew on 'em
Passed off the other thirty five thou, I'm doin' 'em
Nigga move shoot 'em, what's that? You roll a five?
Twenty or better y'all, I'm taking all side bets! Everybody spread out!
Watch the magic number that my pretty hand let out
My first roll was one two four, picked 'em up
Somebody screamed out, "Tony Starks headed for the dust off!"
I'm like hell no I'm headed for the gun store
Punch you in your motherfuckin' face like Spongebob
Watched his face when he aced, the place got quiet
Bowled like twenty forty times, my arm got tired
Couldn't hit a point, not even a deuce
Took a swig of my man's goose
Anything just to give me a damn boost
Then out came a wonderful six
Holy shit! Stack that shit
Yo Trife Dies snatch that fuckin' cream quick
That was one one six, one sixteen point C
And I don't care about no motherfuckin' Royce Green
He pulled out, he pointed at me, I pointed at him
My main man pointed at them
They pulled their guns out and pointed at him
And crazy shells they was coming in
Hey man it's rough outside
Crack heads is buyin' all night
Handguns is necessary
Fuck around you might lose your life
Anywhere in and outta town B
The same every hood it's so real
That you gotta be on your grizzly
If not then you might get pideeled

This just in, breaking news
Today in Downtown Minnesota, a tragic shootout occurred at 5:23 pm
An alleged witness says things went haywire over a dice game
Two black males were shot in their buttocks
Leaving one critically wounded
Two others were pronounced dead on the crime scene
At a nearby hospital, three New York men are recovering
In stable condition but are being held under police supervision at this time
For on the spot coverage
Theodore TV, this is Dusty Williams signing off
Now back to Tony Starks already in progress1Embed
Sun God... get 'em, official...

I stay far from my opponents, pardon me dogs
Squad leader call, they moving up on us
But them g's on the corners, move when I move
That's a warning, or I'mma have my goons pull a gun on em
Think it's weak and trying to creep or run up on us
Shit'll get deeper than twelve foot, and you be leaking out of order
Don't beef, if you ain't beefin' for no quarters
Cuz change is money, you float funny when you surf in the water
I'm that dude slangin' pack by the border
I love my life, I live it twice, cuz it's up to me sorta
You a fool with a mental disorder, and it's probably your daughter
That really love me, for the shit that I taught her
Will Smith on the guest list, pops is the king
I'm the fresh prince, forty oil tune, kick ya chest in
Usher got the universe Confession, pardon your dame
I'm new to the game, but true to my lesson

Jeans, hoods, guns, crack

Visions of me swallowing crack, being chased by jake
And the sound of the razor keep hitting the plate
Intruders is strapped with rugers with daggers in they jeans
We two zooted like we comin down off woolers
And my P.O., she half Creole, I move from Philly to Dallas
With true talent, like my name is T.O
So when I piss, I gotta piss slow, she know i keep them Visine bottles
Cuz if I'm dirty, I ain't letting it go
The project steps is ajaxed down
Dried blood maintenance men with the scrub brush
Scrapin the ground
Diapers baby rattles and broke lighters
I led many horses to water just to see if they like it
Taste my Betty Crock, ready rock, bet he cop now
News flash my nigga rotten L laid a cop down
Any of ya'll niggas want beef I will stop clowns
I got a bat, ox, fifth, now how the Glock sound?
You might also like
(Ghostface Killah) (Sun God)
Ay yo what up SG
(Ay yo whats poppin my nigga)
I'm just oilin the toolies
Excercisin my trigger
Finger I got the biggest bangers
Yeah I got a crispy stainless
Your mans ain't fuckin those hoes
They just a bunch of gators
(Them head shots neck shots probably blow they brains in
I'm so close to the edge pushin they fuckin face in)
I bet you now them motherfuckas really stop complainin
No hesitation my reputation will leave em chainless
We go hard like the narcs when we start invadin
(I cop the license and registration and cock it aimin)
It's all entertainment (and all my niggas made it)
We hard body like Wutang and Iron Maiden
(I keep the iron blazin hands hurt like a bitch when she puttin braids in)
I think its so amazing
We ran trains for hours up in the Days Inn
Hoodrats in crack motels receive nathan

*Sounds of crunching and eating*
Yeah, good...Embed
This is why the World Series of Poker
Is decided over a no limit poker tournament
Players, pro's even, can't handle the pressure of the game
They consider no limit the only pure game left

You gotta know how to play your cards, have a mean poker face
And know an ace deuce can take out your pocket broads
This is no limit hold 'em, you gotta know when to fold 'em
If you plan on, staying on top
You can't lose, what you don't push into the pot
You can't make much either, if you a believer of luck
Go all in, if you're feeling your cards, deep in your gut

It was a late Saturday night, big chips, we had a lotta
Theodore performed at the plush Borgata
It was an hour in, big chip leader of the game
Caught pocket jacks and flopped two more of the same
Looking at quads, waiting for someone to bluff
So I checked til someone said "I had enough
I'm raising a thousand, son I pay to see the river"
Caught an ace and his face, was a straight up giver
He had three now, must of caught two in the hole
A full boat, I'm about to sink ship, tell him to fold
He laughs, raises his fifty g's, please I need chip count
The pit boss, swear I flip over, you gon' flip out
I'm all in, here to win, I rep Staten Island
He called it, I showed four jacks, he started wilding
You might also like
This son of bitch..
All night, he set me up, he check, check, he trapped me!


It was a cash game, 100/200 dollar table
Me and Johnny Mack sitting, God willing and able
July 23rd and 4th, the lions is out
It's the month of the Leo, we gon' win with no doubt
Bunch of high rollers, laughing like we low-limit amateurs
I buy in for the max, twenty G's, I'mma damage ya
Couple of chuckles, broken glasses, all tinted
I'mma put ya'll all on tilt, give me a minute
So I check, raise 'em, bluff 'em, ain't showing my cards
Two, four, off-two, ya'll ain't no superstars
I should of been at the table, World Series of Poker
I'm up 80 G's already, ya'll a bunch of jokers
Now they all on tilt, raising, I call 'em all in
With pocket three's, for 80 G's, I'm ready to fall in
Flop two aces, caught my three on fourth street
A four hundred thousand dollar pot boy, life's sweet

He beat me.. straight up
Pay him, pay Shawn Wigs his money1Embed
God's woman... what's going on?
I know things seem messed up sometime
You stressed out and you can't handle the situation
Sometime it feels like you lacking the guidance
And you don't know what to do... but stay strong
And keep in mind that he always loves you...
It's what it is... that's right sugar love
Come on...

Josephine, the times are getting tough
Seems to me... you just won't get enough
The rain, won't wash away, your sins...
You'll be here, to do them all over again...

Yo, I know this chick from the hood named Courtney Cox
And her brain is easy to pick like faulty locks
She's awfully hot, asshole burning like tobasco
She used to be thick, it's like where the hell her ass go
Started smoking weed and graduated to the pipe
Thought that she could quit but her calculations wasn't right
Infactuated with the life of dope fiends and crack pushers
Prostituting for old pimps who mack hookers
Putting dope in the cook, searching for her vein
Tracks all over her arms, she never felt the pain
The monkey on her back is now a gorilla
Fiending for a hit knowing one day it's gon' kill her
The clinic didn't help (nope) she just another young black woman
Destroying her pretty image and her health
Got me thinking to myself, damn, how could this happen?
I seen her on the corner, nodding off, sniffin' and scratching
You might also like

She wakes up, with an urge to get high
Everyday, the same routine, needing a morning fix to get by
So she reaches for her purse, grab the bag and the needle
Tie a sock around her arm and start shooting up the diesel
Having flashbacks, screwing some dude up in his hatchback
The night before, body still sore, holding her ass crack
A regular John, she met him through Tom
She passed out with the syringe still stuck in her arm
Dying a slow death, oh, she losing her damn mind
From the troubles of the world, feeling cursed by mankind
Uh, caught up in a desperate rage, was blessed with AIDS
Lost her appetite, hardly slept in days
Now it's too late, praying to Jesus, she fucked around
With the wrong penis, contaminated with diseases
Two months pregnant, carrying around her fetus
But they found her on Broad, in the dumpster, behind the cleaners


Josephine, what's wrong, baby?
Come on...
Yo, what your momma gonna think of you girl?
Her little baby's all doped up, strung out on the world
Try'nna make some quick cash for a hit of that stash
Listen, baby, you growing up much too fast
Uh, this goes out to every project and every ghetto
For those getting high, using drugs on every level
Living your life, day and night, getting stoned
You better leave those drugs alone, feel me?

Up all night, under the party lights
Same old popping and party hopping
All of your so called friends, are leading you down the wrong road
Leading you back to crack, it's a known fact
It is time, that you need me, I'll be there, to help ya
I'll be your leaning pole when you're falling down
I'll be there, when you falling down (sooner or later)2Embed
Tony for mayor.. (x4)

Catch me in a crisp blue six, deep dish
Jaws is Cris', velour stopped at the wrist
Watches involved, talk to me Trick Daddy
I liked the way you tilt ya hat up in that Caddy
Son, can't believe you the most slept on
Took a break since the Cuban, niggas lookin' like you just repped wrong
You done slipped down a bid, got caught with the hammer
Steal banners, medical examiners, clocked live hammers
For real, you a live nigga, rock the five in ya slippers
Like them other five guys in ya picture
Come on, watch, I'm the star of the show, so blow dem
Mothafucka, you ain't blew in three years
Son of a bitch, that's why I rock the big shit
Don't forget who you is, nigga, you my little shit
I will crush you to pieces, stop ya heart from tickin'
And you mad cuz you a older clock, couple rocks missin'
And my Breitling, the band, you can say it's ice lightnin'
You don't like him, do you? You wanna fight him
In fact, I should've put you back, relaxed on the stones
And copped ya two-thousand leather shit, snow cones
A bowl of milk almost killed you, ah, you almost drowned in my Pops
I brought another box, I'mma keep it real with you
And I'mma murder you if ya bitch-ass get on my nerves again
You might also like
Yo, Ghost, you'se a funny nigga
Turn on the radio, all you hear is X and Jigga
Haha, you vexed, nigga?
No airplay (bet my gat spray) Yeah, that's hearsay
You spray hairspray and up North, nigga, you ain't gettin' jailplay
(How you know?) Yo, it's obvious, clear as day

Hold on, let me park my shit, let me find out this nigga barkin' and shit
I'm a Don of this shit, and you know that shit I wrote with Golden Arms is a hit
My Wallos show off, go off like an alarm in the six
Drapped in yellow and I'm still poppin'
My movie life in the hood is like an ill doctrine
Beat trial with a legal aide, fuck Cochrane
And if it's on I might blow you if I'm boxed in.. {*echoes*}

Yo, yo, yo, what you doin', man?
Yo, man, chill out, man
(Don't even worry)
I'm just fuckin' with you, man
Why you.. (OK) Come on, son
We can't.. don't depart us like this, son
Come on (I'll destroy you)
Come on, man (You pop too much shit)
Come on, man, I'm just tellin' you time
(I ain't a-like that, you know who brought you)
Nigga, I'm just fuckin' with you
(Bye!)
Tony for mayor..

Yo, let me tell y'all mothafuckas somethin'
(Shoot one of those niggas, Lord)
We could battle for belts, ice (Type shit)
Whatever the fuck you want to do
Let me tell y'all somethin'
This the Theodore Unit, mothafucka
We takin' the bait of this shit
That's word to my momma, man
(Staten Island, nigga, what, nigga?)
Coke, spoon throwers (Get ya money right)
(Gotta know how real do this)
Slew-footed mothafuckas, I pop all y'all niggas
Y'all niggas is fucked, straight up
We back in here now, mothafuckas
It's the fuckin' Unit, you heard
That's the Theodore Unit
Y'all mothafuckas better recognize
Aight? That's my word
(Yeah, nigga, yeah)Embed
Tommy Mottola, lives on the road
He lost his lady, two months ago
Maybe he'll find her, maybe he won't
Oh wonder that love

Brothers try to pass me, but none could match me
No girl can freak me, I'm just too nasty
Lost on the dance floors, I attack y'all
Snuck through the back door, guess who they saw?
Goldie and Ghost, black African Rose
Star-studded low lenses, plus the mural was dope
Airbrush W-B's, STOP! (Shake your body, body)
And cop a couple of these (She's a hottie, hottie)

Schott Free and Sean C, very upset
They're sick and tired of living in debt
Tired of roaches and tired of
Rats
I know they are over

One in the head, I'm fed, this is how we doin
Put a Ruff Rider on my dick, bust right through 'em
Come out your shirt, insert the party rhyme
Fine Dr. Buzzard, Bacardi Lime
We passin it, takes the shake your Calvin Klein
Before the floor gets moist, taste and follow mine
Swallow nine, model dimes from Bahamas
Slim doo-doo makers stuffed inside pajamas
You might also like
They'll take all your rhymes with a Colgate smile, hey baby
They'll love you one second, then hate you the next
Oh ain't it crazy baby, yeah
Tony's his name, the undefeated champion, whoa, yeah (Blow 'em down God)
Now he's alone, he's just the king of his throne (Yeah, aha)
Always will be my friend, Ghostface Killah (Truly yours, peace boo)4Embed
Uh-huh, uh-huh, motherfucker, uh-huh
Yeah, I see that, I see that
All y'all fake motherfuckers up in the joint, huh
Stealing my light, huh
Watch me, duke, watch me

Yo, check these up top murderers
Snowy in the bezel as the cloud merges
F.B.I. try and want word with this
Kid who pulled out bust a shot up in the Beacon
Catch me in the corner not speaking
Crushed out heavenly, U.G. rock the sweet daddy long fox minks
Chicken and broccoli, Wally's look stink
He with his man straight from Raleigh Durham
He recognized Kojak, I slapped him 5, Masta Killa cracked his Heine for him
Everybody break bread, huddle around
Guzzle that, I'm about to throw hair on your back
Since the face been revealed, game got real
Radio been gassing niggas, my imposters scream they're ill
I'm the inventor, '86 rhyming at the center
Debut '93 LP told you to Enter
Punk faggot niggas stealing my light
Crawl up in the bed with grandma beneath the La-Z-Boy where you hid your knife
Ghost is back, stretch Cadillacs, fruit cocktails
Hit the shelves at Paul's Pastry Rack
Walk with me like Dorothy, try to judge these
Plus Degrees, sessical Rasta fiends
Getting waxed all through the drive-thru
Take the stand, throw my hand all on the Bible and tell lies too
I'm the ultimate, splash the Wolverine Razor Sharp ring
Dolomite, student enroll holding it
You might also like
Aiyo, this rap is like Ziti, facing me real TV
Crush at high speeds, strawberry kiwi
As we approach your hood, the gods bail (bail!)
These Staten Island ferryboats cash bail (bail!)
Fresh cellies, 50 deep up in the city
We banned for life, Apollo Kids live to spit the real

A pair of bright phat yellow Air Max
Hit the racks, snatch 'em up, son, $20 off no tax
Dream merchant tucked in the cloud, stay splurging
Rock a eagle head, 6-inch height was the bird
Monday night Dallas vs Jets, dudes slid in with one hand
Two Culture Ciphers, one bag of wet
Heavy rain fucked my kicks up, wasn't looking, splashed in the puddle
Bitch laughing, first thought was beat the bitch up
Moseyed off gracefully, New York's most wanted cheeba hawk
Seen the yellow brick road, I stole the pastries
Same Ghostface, holy in the mind
Last seen Manhattan Chase withdrew the 6-8 digit in the briefcase
Rawness, title is Hell bound
Quick to reload around faces, surround look astound

We split a fair one, Poconos money, gin rummy with glare
Spot the lame, bit his ear
Yo, and taste a teaspoon, 300 goons, stash balloons
Locked in lab rooms, hit with the Glock, spazzed in Grant's Tomb
Clocked him like a patient, his stocks fall, hustle invasion
Knowing now, we copped the block off
The chain tri-color, freezing in velour, icicle galore
Gas station light gleaming on the wall
Cop WiseGuy jams, James Bond vans
Niggas flipped Timbs, rock boats under water, watch clams
Pose for the standoff, mad timid
Hoping that the gun fall, guessing like lottery balls, yo
Aiyo, this rap is like Ziti, facing me real TV
Crash at high speeds, strawberry kiwi
As we approach your hood, the gods bail (bail!)
See Staten Island ferryboat, cats bail (bail!)
Fresh cellies, 50 deep up in the city
We banned for life, Apollo kids live to spit the real2Embed
Pretty little Sally sat up by the tree trunk
White miniskirt with a Betty Boop bum
She had an ass like Deborah Cox, face like Lauryn
Waist like a Coke bottles scoring
Pretty young thing loved the swings
At times she got my ding-a-ling hard
When she said push hard, she kept Vaseline
Open as she swung back, couldn't help her dress blew back
Now held accountable right for my actions
Right before the Wallabee Champ was rocking Wallows
Drawing cards, sent her rap message through a bottle
Lines from Dolemite, few tips from Goines
Birthday, gave her two fifty cent coins
Puppy love, gorgeous face, amazed by lip gloss
Cherry scent, when the princess spoked yo it bounched off
Mole like Marilyn Monroe, threw a rose in her mouth
Wherever God go will be Mrs. Cole
Girl's so pretty, kids with little biddies hope the years go slow, slow
Surrounded by intelligence, life through education healthy minds will grow, grow
Catch me on a bus-stop, dusted, cursin out the cops
But still come and vibe with me
Everybody's talking about Wu-Tang fronting
But you still telling lies to me
Beautiful in lightshows, having no intentions on love
But having strung I suppose, here we go
It's not the way she bubbed the gum
Shooked her ass, I'm not the one
Double dutch, waiting for the bus with faggot Laurie son
Now 'N Later lady 7th floor, building 7-80
Fancy fox, booties for her socks, nothing else can change me
Young Nefertiti, knowledge seed with no jewelry on
Tahitian fresh berry tree, she's a capricorn
I really liked the girl, had dreams about her
Thinking to myself some nights she got ("louder")
But hating, was Sheneneh and Grace and Keylolo
Trick bitches jumped my boo at the school a few years ago
Hit me, you hit me, Grace got the last hit
Eh yo, the bitches started swinging and shit, so I jumped in
Those were the days, made faces in school plays
Paper trays, city wide test, made half a days
Shooting puppy water, might hump the pillow, dick a inch taller
Stapleton bum nigga, I'll pop her cherry for her
Fresh Air Fund, nail’s done, alphabets berets
Jellies, bubble yum, soda tongue, too young to cum
Then engage him with them candy rings a-yo, I hit that shit
Got jealous when she kissed Rob
I broke her Chick-O-Sticks
You might also like
Guys and girls
Y'all remember those days and shit
Girls walk around in school
One ponytail with the beret
Neck's looking like baby powder, youknowhatImean?
Those were the days right there
Boston Baked Beans, girls come to school with mad candy
YouknowhatImean?
You'd just come in school for half days, and all that
Just to see that little girl right there, no mind to this
Go home and think about it, youknowhatImean?
May hump the bed sometimes on her, youknowhatImean?
Word, those days man, those, those were the good old days right there G
That shit was fun, lunchroom, see in the lunchroom, youknowhatImean?
Might get a little, go to the G.O. Store or something, youknowhatImean?
Word, buy a little chocolate, a little shake or something, youknowhatImean?
A little buttercrunch joints or something, youknowhatImean?
That's that real shit, G I miss those shits, man
I wanna go back to school, man
That's my word, man
For real y'all, those were, those were the
Goddamn y'all, you remember?3Embed
"So they try and project the image, to the public"
(Uhh)
"That this, this is being done by THIEVES and thieves alone!"
(Speak brother Malcolm, speak)
"And they ignore the fact that no, this is not thievery alone"
(True indeed)
"It's a, It's a corrupt, vicious, hypocritical, system
That has CASTRATED the black man
And the only way the black man can get back at it
Is to strike it in the only way he knows how"
*audience claps*

A-yo
I'm like Malcolm, out the window with the joint
Hoodied up, blood in my eye, I let two fly like fuck it!
*2 gunshots*, look how these niggas duck shit
One kid hollerin', "What!", lookin' up, he the big wig
Fake ass cat, low life, sodomized mind
Beatin' niggas, big bricks of bread, sell 'em as dimes
His feet hurt, networkin', he get no work
Yo, smack him where his hand hurt, fuck what he worth
Yo, he sucked his thumb, Slew footed kid, laced with the pink gums
Stuntin' to my Baltimore niggas that he on the run
Plus he ill on the drums, heartburn for life, calcium man
Watch him grab the Tums, he's a front
Pigeon-toed Tyler's sister with the fat ass
Show hash for Hines up the block, plus he smashed her
Big Buck did him somethin' deadly, act premeditated
Buck 60 strike was the medley
Nights like Van Halen, seen him at The Tunnel with his skin peelin'
Did two days, thought he was jailin'
You get close, look at his hands
That's the same kid that cut his wrists, talkin' 'bout "The cuffs did it"
He bantam weight, frontin' majorly
Eyes like Sammy Davis Jr., rounded off with a fade, G
He sport the Bob Hope classics, ran-down Asics
K-mart, the short sleeve shit be the basics
He eat hams, shitted on hisself twice
Big-hatted Jews rushed the nigga out in Crown Heights
You might also like
Yo, let me tell you how the game go
We gettin' rid of all the prostitutes
Tony wants the streets back, fo' sho'
Too many hustlers, too many thieves
We're fuckin' up, who's willin' to fight and teach the seeds?
Too much TV, guns and robberies
Lust and greed and hate the 4 devils' jealousy

Yo, I-Cham punched Mase in his face over some bullshit
The other night, they kidnapped his brother, pokin' it with knives
It's rainin', 85 degrees, kinda muggy
One of them nights, you thrown on that face that's real ugly
Yo, we up in Jonesy's posin', all these niggas know me
From fuckin' wit' Un and these niggas, heavy parolees
Yo, we played the speaker
And from a distance, we could see these chains
The piece laid, flat on his chest, was two planes
Ashy hands, yo, no need for rings at all
He just cracked the V8 backed up, leaned against the wall
Look at Flower, he just came home, he on it like a fuck
Did a dime for holdin' up the guards up in the armored truck
Ten years later, son 280 on the weight tip
He throwin' up six plates plus, he studied Matrix
He's a wally horse, shout it out, sweatin' through his velour
Cock-eyed nigga, back up his neck, he had sores
Sammy eagerly rode up on him
Toxi off the turkey with the joint on him
"Flower, look, his man stood up before him"
The bitches hit the table, Jah king stripped off his cables
Shots went off, Sam'll get a chance to make his debut
Flower grabbed Tiff, his man with the sideburns, hat fell off
We noticed ring-worms, he hid behind Rich
C-Allah hit the light switch, young girls were trampled
In the men's room, Poo pistol-whipped Mase and broke the handle
Desperate, crawlin' to the door on all fours
Cham kicked the jukebox, the theme song rode in was "It's Yourz"
Oh my goodness, Ba grabbed the Mo bottle, thrashin'
He layin' like a gay model, shoutin' out "Sebastian!"
He smiled with his teeth missin', beggin' for mercy
"No more, God! There's 68 thousand down at pier 3"
Out came the cannon, whistled out zaggin'
Cham snatched his flag, four big rocks, enter the dragon
It's over, another story told
Lyin' with the snakes, tongue kissin' cobras
Yo, let me tell you how the game go
We gettin' rid of all the prostitutes
Tony wants the streets back, fo' sho'
Too many hustlers, too many thieves
We're fuckin' up, who's willin' to fight and teach the seeds?
Too much TV, guns and robberies
Lust and greed and hate the 4 devils' jealousy
4Embed
Saturday night, Uptown
Riding past Kansas Fried Chicken
What's popping kid, we in the mix
It's chilly 40 below
Gate's closed gotta catch Dr. J's
Blow on my hand, rub on my nose
Tap the glass, stop fronting Duke, fresh pair of jeans
Look I got loot, eleven in the beige boots
Heard a screech pull up, these Jakes flashed me five pictures
One had my man's mug, Semi stepped brother hugs
You asked the wrong guy son
I'm from Atlanta, yeah we know Mr. Coles
Flew in two days ago to see his fam'
But we been watching you, crazily
The whole Staten Island shitting on you
Wisdom Bird's pregnant out in Baisley
Holding snow in your ear, fresh baldie tried to change up
Not truck today, still looking fly, still slammed up hung
You mind popping your trunk, slow your pace
Starks fixed your face, copped out the six, five years probash'
You dealing with a lot of science, motherfucker we're watching you
Make me wanna lick shots at you
You disgust me, screwing me down, grab my gun
Go head bust me
Heard you hate Jake that's what it must be
Hands behind your back, spread your legs
Just found a roach in your tray
It's not mine fucker, what I said
You make the 13th nigga
A multimillion dollar operation is based upon it yo
Where the hell's the RZA
He's selling mics, wireless joints
Special made to go off in your hand and which went out on point
Switched to the next scene, I'm at the crib bugging out
On how po' live, hating plus harassing the kid
Park the truck in the double face garage
Dial 1-900-Raekwon, tell the God shit's mega real
Flashing me on BET, Planet Groove, Rap City News
NAACP committees {​​​*abruptly ends*}​​​You might also like3Embed
Yeah, Solomon marked for life, a million to life
Thug for life, forever eyein' the kid
'89 stick-up kid, King of New York
Regulation party, daddy hard-body
Rowdy Brighton God-body
Smooth like a leather bop, '83 hip-hop
Top of the world, get it rizzight
Dick to your wizzife, murder cats for the right prizzice
Four-hundred and fifty-six on the dizzice
This is real lizzife, ain't nothin sweet, God
Sit down and think it through, God, God
'Cause coming all outta ya face'll get ya clapped, God

You are now listening to the sounds of Supreme Clientele

Step in to the party, it's me
God Almighty, Ghost still holdin' that shotty
Dust and Alizé, three-quarter Timbs
Terry-cloth robes, crisp hundreds in the envelope
Dookied on the globe
Thank God for my Wallabee shoe, it done saved me
Up three-nothing and Salt Lake City
Burgundy minks, whips with sinks in 'em
Broccoli blown, illa disease breathe, elephant skin
Meet the black Boy George, dusted on my honeymoon
Bitch like my wife, she popped my Ghostface balloon
Bitches think that I'm Dominican, slaf-hash Indian
Milk on my mustache, drop to my chinny-chin
Dive into dangerous parts, buildin' with thirsty mammals
White man scream, "Swim, Starks' sharks"
You might also like
Smack the jail bail bondsman, strength of eighteen Bronzemen
Tall like Karl Malone "Mailman," frame of Larry Johnson
Tony Montana blow, creamy white Havana Joe's
Old Suzanna ho, pussy sweet, banana flow
David Banner, gamma ray shots, beast will marinate
Bones splittin' fatal Wu sword style, amputate
Duck Savanna wait, we splashed the glass, ice rocks
Our cash high price stock, our logo's on your rice box
Plus your dice box on the side upon your white socks
Bobby got the mic cocked, buck-buck, nice shot1Embed
Aiyo... aiyo, what up, yo
What up, ya'll, this that Pretty Toney shit
Aiyo, I know there's a lot of hoods and shit out there
A lot of niggas done got bodied
A lot of niggas done got robbed and shit
You know what I mean? We love a lot of things in the hood
But time goes on... and if we don't change a lot of shit
Shit always gonna be this way, and that's a muthafuckin' fact!
True gangsta shit, ya'll, yo, yo, yo
When ya'll turn my mic up in here, bareback shit
Knowhatimean? Tired of ya'll muthafuckas and shit
One-two, fuck around and clobber one of ya'll muthafuckas, man
Yo Spidey, put that reverb shit, on
Come on... "Can you feel it? Can you feel it?" Yeah
"Can you feel it..." Let's go, fuck it...

Live from Staten Island where the gangsters kill
Only place on the map that got the 30 dollar bill
And we front like we got millions
Our specialty is how we willie, niggas—that's how Buck brought the building
And the police is pussy, they protect and serve
They connect with baseheads then they frisk our birds
Smack DVDs, blowin' herb
I'm in the room bonin' these two white bitches, Ice baggin' up work
That's how we get down, fuck Vegas, the black Carlo Gambino
Rockin' the wallo's, blow his diamonds in Z-No's
Spicey, verses is jalapenos
Best to leave, when I'm in the big Escalade, I'm sittin' on Dino
Tone Stark, a poet's art
Kiss the girls and bake them pies, clean up, some are old darts
This that real live don' shit, you heard!
You might also like
Yo, they lick forty rounds, today
Okay, plus the shit is mad hot around the way
Niggas don't give a fuck on any time or day
Or if he dyin' today or could he find a way
Blow niggas over 'turf—bitches, dimes and trays
Blow a nigga a jewel and watch him slide away
It's like that, in the hood, he in the grimy say
But what we tryna say is gonna "be this way"
It don't have to... it don't have to... "My God!"

With big carrots and static, with that leads to bad habits
Drugs layin' in buildings with great big automatics
Animos' in the hood, it's a fact, we could do magic
Splatter faggots in lobbies, the heat burn off his eyelashes
Don't try to pass this, back up or you'll receive something
Real tragic, them hollows'll race through your jacket
Semi gangsters with weak tactics
Forensic scientists called in to display graphics for square inch to his back winds
They brain and spleen is left all over a fiend's mattress
Bastard, we cock and squeeze after we leave our ratchets
We keep the hood cryin' for massive havoc
No Trix we take from silly rabbits, yo feed them lead carrots
Them little mans'll connect and they touch that fabric
The only thing that can stop 'em is that Teflon fashion
Maybe artillery's heavy like a bunch of fat chicks
Brrrr.... baow! Ain't no comin' back bitch!
Yo, they lick forty rounds, today
Okay, plus the shit is mad hot around the way
Niggas don't give a fuck on any time or day
Or if he dyin' today or could he find a way
Blow niggas over 'turf—bitches, dimes and trays
Blow a nigga a jewel and watch him slide away
It's like that, in the hood, he in the grimy say
But what we tryna say is gonna "be this way"
It don't have to... it don't have to... "My God!"

"Ways... be this way!" (3X)2Embed
Ayo, Ghost, what's up nigga?
This Supreme talkin' to you and shit
You brought me all the way in Staten Island to see you
Beat the two minute and thirty seven second clock
Suprise—time started already, muthafucka
Say that shit, nigga

I'ma say it, don't get mad, y'all, I throw my darts sideways
Shoot 'em up, bang, bang, through me baby
Lovely lady, fuck the spades, drive the kid crazy
Before I go to bed, now I lay me
People be talkin', I feed dolphins
My defense'll fly the coop off your mean office
My skills is a fortune, robbin' leech out a suite auction
Teachin' foreign fifth graders, fuck what they say
'Cause we against the abortions, and we
Lay low-oh-oh, silent those clowin' foes
Got them clothes for his new funeral
We them Fat Albert niggas, spot runnin' '86 crack viles and pictures
Lookin' all suspicious, I'm out..

Ayo, hold up, what the fuck you stop for?
(I got somethin' in my—) Nah, you can't be stoppin', g
What the fuck you ain't got — ayo, you buggin' and shit
Son, you gotta hurry the fuck up
Time is runnin' nigga, come on, what the fuck
You might also like
I work magic out of liquor store
Give me a dollar and I turn that bitch into five
And all I need is one more, to get things started
Get retarded, a one-two — I'ma fix these artists
Take 'em one by one, tie 'em up, line 'em up
Treat 'em like a cigar, fire them niggas up
They be up in the club, six three tree'd up
With them young 'keds with their gear all beat up
This is how I'ma kill 'em with four lines left
Hold your breath, say my name five times it's take's practice, yo
Decap' him with sayin' my name, it's like matches, yo
It's time to fuck up on account in a house, or blow

Na-na-na-na-na, nah, nah, fuck that four-line shit
You cheatin' and shit, I ain't come here for all that
(I'm tired, though lord, what the fuck)
What you mean you tired and shit, g?
You supposed to be that nigga, nigga then show me
If you that nigga, then show me, nigga

I hold a mic like I'm Gale Sayers
Hoppin' over chairs like O.J., my rushin' yards
Them pen, how the meter spray
Happy wife-beater day, don't touch my, cheeba hay
Get off my D-I, then go C the K's
'Scuse me Mr. D.J., please play "Fish"
Or that Cherchez LaMe, ten four, may day-may day
Callin' all bars, callin' all bars
We have an APB on Starks and Trife the God
We left the jewelry store, feelin' like we left the morgue
We was frozen, and I brought an iced out Trojan
That's for pussies whose golden, who got Toney wide open
I put my ring up to my man's waves and seen an ocean
Move like a wolf, kid, in sheep's clothing
Snatch the money bag off the milk truck and kept boating
I be potent like ibuprofen, I be coastin'
With two shotties on me, in your grimiest lobby smokin'
This muthafucka made the clock
Mutha—where the fuck?
Yo, you be cheatin', mutha-, you be cheatin'
That's that Staten Island, bullshit
Theodore—you know you might be a Ghost
But you ain't Houdini, muthafuckaEmbed
Ghostface... (Yo, yo who's the boss when it comes to these songs?)
Ghostface... (What ya'll talkin' bout... I can't hear ya'll!)
Ghostfaaaaaaaace!! (A little louder)
Ghostface...

Yo, you can catch me in Z-No's on a Friday night
Or at the Emmy's, Bentley's, Roll Royce, all white
Fresh kicks, star studded up
A ounce of Gertest to hold me til them Theodore and Deini's roll up
Soak my hands in olive oil, loyal to each, Diamond
Shoot out the clock while I'm killin' timin'
Eight-mill just to resign me
My bitches go crazy and pull they hair out when they can't find me
It's like, all he say.. Mr., Mr., D.J
Bring it back like an instant replay
Please, get these wack records off of me
I can't breath, ashtma pump so I could stop the weez
It's like they love garbage (yeah), for God's sake, I'm the real artist
Hear they songs, I'm niggas father's
Under my wing like Sanford and Son
Weird sons, I'm a big gun, like Big Pun, Big L and Jason

You might also like
I'm like a green and white kickball, I bounce
Spin off walls and cars, the Wizard of Clarks, Tony Oz
In the third grade, I bagged Penny
Well Butter on your burns, guess Daddy was concerned like many
Now Daddy's blowin' 'sherm and Remi
On the road told the bus to pullover so I can shit in Denny's
This is Tone-Tana, spangled banded with four hammers
Bangles get tangled and they cause manners
Money, don't stop, get it, get it, I'm not finished with it
Menaced out, tell your click that Dennis did it
Rock them boats and I copped them ropes
Resurging the mics, I deal with only knives and throats
Hold my tongue around fake niggas
Look at 'em sideways and pull my trees
Ask me to hit it, I'm like, Nigga Please, fuck outta here!
Fuck war with niggas, facin' me, fuckas, step up the gear

Ghost dough and spend it though
Plus got the pen exposed
Countin' mad money and sheep, god damn
Take a look at the radio, shit soundin' shady, yo
Everything I'm hearin' is weak
We got them long biscuits, long clip shit
Run for the hills and re-charge your shit
Come back if you think that you are-are do-do-do-don!

The dopest, flyest, O.G., pimp, hustler
Gangsta, playa, hardcore muthafucka living today...Embed
Tony Starks fights again for survival
And by just a thin thread of electric current
Wins another victory

Ugh, c'mon, yeah, c'mon y'all
(Bounce wit us) Hip-hop
(What? Celebrities, what?)
(Street corner) For all my niggas
Crack spot niggas
*Chip Banks starts to sing "we made it"*
Chicken ass mothafuckas, envious bitches
Yo, you know what y'all...

Make me wanna pop something, no champagne
Two-five on me, weed and crack on me
Bitch motherfucker tried to get a rep' off me
Leave him there, never know, get him off me
I remember days when we just fucked bitches
Bought a lot of clothes and, played the ave
Now we rap niggas with a lot of wardrobes
And if we want a nigga dead we pay the cash
I ain't trying to waste my career on y'all
Even scuffle with y'all, waste gear on y'all
But if I gotta go out, you know I'ma show out
You gon' fuck around and get your whole back blown out
I remember on the Island, Cay tone out
In the Mess Hall hall, about to zone out
Dumb motherfuckers with our microphone out
We just dumb motherfuckers with our microphone out
You might also like
See.. see.. see, see me I roll with Ghost and
Cats that carry they toast make the post and
Front page and, center-staging
When it's time to bust off them things, it ain't a game man
We rocked out own diamond rings, see them 'bling, bling'
Got big boy toys, push sixes
Dime bitches, told y'all before we import those
Jury stay froze, court cases get closed
Niggas hate Nino 'cause how fast I rose up
Like George Jefferson and 'em, stepping on 'em
The headline read, "Starks had the weapon on him"
And the vest, what y'all expect? He a vet
Plus the best, now tell me how we gon' fail
When we dealing with 'Supreme Clientele

From Rikers Island to the Cayman Island
We thugs like, life is the same challenge
Do the knowledge, recognize your talent
And if you live the streets, you better stay silent
From Rikers Island to the Cayman Island
We thugs like, life is the same challenge
Do the knowledge, recognize your talent
And if you live the streets, you better stay silent
Yo, spotted at The Mirage, Ghostface swarmed by groupies
Mingle among stars, I come in cat, invades Mars
Highlight of the century, first bet placed upon entry
Fainted when the book mentioned me
Keep balling, new systems, high sciences
Drop that, Ghost listening, track sizzling
Angelica, Judy Plum for bitches, Goines king of the century
Best sellers for niggas, stay together
Posted up trucks, leaning on the Benz cinemax smile
Shot in thirty-five lens you program
Broke bottles of Dom, seven inch bangles, back breakers
I'm a dope fiend, look at my arm, Popeye strength
Rap with a British accent, Gucci clothes
Dennis Coles in the latest fashions blow backs in
Flip raps like forty-eight bundles
Dinner plates, deadly front gates, celeb Bryant Gumbel

Analyze This shit like De Niro
Words in your center ear hole
Blocks of ice like Sub-Zero, we been right since day zero
Shatter your soul like glass windows
Turn virgins to nymphos, pop these hollows
At fake cats in a Tahoe
Wild out, throw your liquor bottles
At hood rats to the richest models
We conversate like Christ and the Twelve Apostles
And life without you, held counsel with great men
To murderers in the state pen
Being caged in the wages of sin
Before they read up they pop our tape in
You ain't gotta tuck you chain in
'Cause here we want the head of Satan
Doo-rags and our pants hanging
*Chip Banks starts to sing "we made it" again*

Uh-huh, uh-huh that's right y'all
Street corners, jail niggas
Riker's Island, Ge-Grey Haven
Big Un, that's right y'all
Word up, all y'all, all y'all crumbs
We made it, nigga step the fuck off
True indeed, true indeed
Yeah, Ready Red, that's right, my nigga Born
That's right yo, Lil' Free in the feds
That's right, you'll be home nigga
Yeah, we made it
Yeah, C Allah, word up
That's fam
Yeah, check it out, Staten Island
True indeed, Five boroughs
Check it, uh-huh4Embed
Yo... who the fuck brought me this chocolate shit, man?
I said a banana nutrament, man
Ya'll heard what the fuck I said... I gave you the...
I wrote it on the fuckin' paper, man!
Y'all muthafuckas always fuckin' around and forgettin' something and shit
Smart dumb niggas and shit, runnin' around here and shit
Y'all niggas need to wisen up, man, yo..
Get off that special ed shit though, man...

I said Big O, hydro-face, pass me the sazon, it's on
There go son, tap out the hash bone
Half moon, he rock, three's fourth quarter length
No jewels, no rocks, it's not worth the spotlight
His gun tool, was a half a hill
That's a six digit slip behind five sticks, eatin' steel, fuck him
We gon' -- we gon' get our money
If he front, they gon' read about the rocks in his tummy
Mouth was red, socks was bloody, fuck all the talkin'
Safety off and shit, crept up, "What up money? Freeze!"
Don't move, turn around, act like James Brown
And get down! Get slapped with the pi-dound
Wasn't you the same clown? Uptown, yappin'
I keep big Shirley on my side, so What's Happenin'?
Try eatin' these shells, they non-fattening
After you digest that, I'mma stomp you bastards
So take that.. blaow, blaow! Ghost, he still breathing
Blaow, blaow! Anything after that it don't matter
Your homies and your close relatives
Even them nosy ass pigs'll get splattered
It's the T-H-E-O-D-O-R-E, send me to Iraq I come back with don heat
Teeth, less than a week, they be callin' me
Chief of Defense, cuz I sure do cook when it's beef
You might also like
Yo, what up? Meet, these, O.G.'s, po' thieves and
Baller' shit, long biscuits
Fuck around, take all your shit
Call your bluff, y'all faggots don't want no beef
Grind your teeth, and just, roll with it, don't risk it
Fuck around, and be a statistic

Yo, yo, niggas ask why I use my Glock
Cuz it's 2003, muthafucka, I refuse to box
I'm true to block, strip you for your shoes and socks
Remove your watch, yo I'mma have to lose your top
I'm from a place where junkheads and zombies dwell
And niggas keep they heat blazin' like Bonzi Wells
Don't ever talk to a nigga like I'm one of your kids
Cuz I'll cock back the mac and pop one in your ribs
So homeboy, keep runnin' your jibs, I'mma run in your crib
Pistol whip you right in front of your wiz
My nigga, that's how it is, I get it, just how I live
Cuz me without a gun, is like Queens without the bridge
Classic cut, this is how a O.G. live
Lamp in village, and still get heard with no spins
This is Trife Diesel, New York's backbone, back home
Black blown, it's Theodore, nigga, fuck your wack stones

That's right, it's real!
It's that muthafuckin' Theodore Unit
Nahwhatimean? Staten Island, live shit, y'all
Straight up and down, nothin' but that cutthroat shit
Blowin' niggas back home, you know what I mean?
I don't give a fuck... we could take it there
Whatever, hits? We got 'em, nigga!
Yeah, now I'mma strangle the game!
No doubt, it's real right now, muthafucka
Y'all niggas done done it, fuck y'all yeah
I'mma get the fuck outta this booth1Embed
Yo Lord did you peep that
That nigga pussy, that's why I'm gon' eat that
Live and direct, five Tec's, med hat
Hugh Hef' rows, bang on that out of town nigga coz he UFO
Patiently press upon him
Ask him, "who you know? where you from?
What's up Duke?" Watch how you pop ya gum
Empty ya pockets'fore the cops come
When I bus take off past the light that ass better Run
An' don't look back (no), hide if you have to
Dollar vans, just Run into boats if he have to
Even got a .38, don't give me no hastle
When that little brown book in your pocket read Mathew's
Jesus Christ, brothers around here stick together like cheap rice
So Run little doggy, wolves is comin'
Tell him London, he get done in
Flame boy to his brains, hangin' out his onionYou might also likeEmbed
Yo... aiyo this joint right here is about
When you goin' through mad shit
And it just seem like you get out of it, nowhere and shit
You thinkin' you puttin' your shit in and you thinkin'
You gettin' over, and doin' all this other shit
But before you know it, your whole world just caved in on you, pa
Check the joint, it's... uh-huh, yeah, I walked into the place
Verse one...

Over, and then my life (the masquerade)
I know it's over... (the masquerade)
Uh-oh, over (over) my my my good day is over
(Over) the masquerade is over (over)
Uh-oh-oh, it's over... (over)

Aiyo, back in '95 when I was jugglin' bitches
Pumpin' coke out the spot, smackin' fiends in the kitchen
All around dick sucks whenever, blowin' chronic out of Philly's
Gettin' flusty in the Cub' Link era
Niggas tellin' me my spot is hot
They like I think any day now, playboy, shit gon' pop
Back then I was the phat Ghost, them came March 1st
My eighth platoon got murked, got burnt for all our work
After the funeral, I played low, countin' my last ten g's
Three weeks later, yo, I'm back in the P's
Gatherin' up information, checkin' faces
Keepin' a forty-five auto' loaded like it was bases
When it get dark, venom will leave my mark (over)
I heard a voice through a bullhorn, a white man he said "Yo, Starks!
You're surrounded, put down your gun, look at the rules
There's nothin' but cops, nigga, you better not run"
You might also like

Yeah... you see how that went right?
That episode got deep and all of that
Knawhatimean? Then it just go on and
It just don't stop... I don't care what town you from
What hood you from, it just all goes in, yo, check this episode
Verse two

Aiyo, aiyo, 11:40 A.M. in the best Western
I'm with my bat, blew her ass back and chest in
Slob my knob, yeah no question, this my main bat
She thorough like that, so we don't use protection
But the night before, my wiz must of check my phone
How the fuck she get the codes... I don't know
Next thing, she layin' in the 'tel lobby, spotted me
Tippin' the doorman, holdin' hands with my bitch besides me
My heart drop, everything stops, scared to death
Told my broad to keep it moving, cuz I just got knocked
Don't turn around, as soon she did, she bust a shot
Plus she talk, security drop when she touch the Glock
I had the gum-face on, long face on
Didn't say shit, not even cough or spit, my bitch was gone
There goes the car, house, rhyme boats or jewelry
Court date judges, my shorty tried to screw me

Uh... you see, sometime it don't pay
What goes around comes around in
In many different ways and
You can guess what happened
That's right ya'll, you know how it get down
If anybody got it locked, it's God, that's right
Word...

Hey Kimmy, how you doing? What up Keisha
Damn girl, your hair looks so nice
Yeah, I got my shit done at Tasha's
You know I don't even fuck with that bitch
Yo, son, I think Ghost fuckin' one of them bitches, man
And can you believe this son told them bitches that he can cook, man
Yo, I can't believe this, these bitches don't know where to fuckin'
Put a salon up in the fuckin' hood, son I can't even make no money no more, man
(Yo, son... maybe you need to tell them bitches that
If they could put a Ms. Pac-Man or somethin' in the back
Maybe we could get some money back, maybe we could get some money back there)
Son, you know I don't even FUCK with them bitches like that, nig', come on, man
"Come on sugar, hold me tight" ... - sampleEmbed
World, world, world, premiere, premiere, premiere
World, world, world, premiere, premiere, premiere

What these clown niggas hollerin'?
What they need to be hollerin', is "There go Theodore!"
Put the ball down, we can't score
They pen shit to blackboards, make queens out of wack broads
You see us comin'? Fuck that Fam shit, just pass off, you bitch
Crystal' Dana Dane's wrapped around your neck
Lookin' rich, baow, you fucked up now
See my gun, nigga? This baby got stuffed uptown
Shouted out, made a whole safe with the pump root pounds
My buddy, keep my gun, right next to my tummy
Ask the click, yo, they spit metal lungies
Detach wigs, kill flunkies off contact, sonsee
Didn't mommy tell y'all niggas to wear clean undies?
See y'all should have listened to her
She knew her son had a big mouth, and some day death would occur
Please for Ms. Gale's sake, and her seeds
Pastor Freddy ain't fuckin' around, they knocked him with weed

Uh-oh (word up)
It's them (what you talkin' bout, baby?)
Real kids spit that shit
You might also like
Let's go, let's go, let's go, yo, yeah
Me and Starks clear projects parks
With our '93 shit, army coat green and light tan Clarks
Niggas think I'm lucky, bitches wanna fuck me
And put me in the tub with them like I'm a rubber ducky
I got a revolver in the pump about the size of Chucky
I remember faces easy as I tie my laces
Here, put the metal in your mouth, like you was rockin' braces
I spit an iron lungie, yeah, I'm old school like the Iron Monkey
My shit powerful enough to lift a fuckin' donkey
I got heavy chrome, niggas don't care if you live or die
They happier that Marbury home
Ya'll niggas better kill me, my street niggas feel me
Louch gotta eat, ends gotta meet
The hard shit you kickin' bout as R&B as Tweet
This is Theodore, D-Block, the year adore
The sunroof open with the four-four, niggas like..

Uh-oh (word up)
It's them (what you talkin' bout, baby?)
Real kids spit that shit

Yeah... nigga this is Ghost with Ghostface
I don't sell millions but I get millions from the fiends who smoke base
Somebody leavin' out with a poked face
Tone, you burn him and kick his teeth out, so we don't catch no case
I'ma make him look like he smoke base
We don't leave no trace
These rap niggas swear that they so safe
I don't wanna talk to you holmes, I don't communicate
My guns be in my hand more than my phone
And I could dial your number, knock the smile off your face
With the H.K. 9, out the all-black hummer
Metal lungies'll spit the grungiest shit
Hungriest shit, seventeen dummies a clip
Tell them rap niggas to suck my dick, fuck the industry
If shit shut down, they'll still bust my shit
I got some hustlin' ass niggas that'll pump my bricks
And some dust head niggas that'll dump my clips, what?
Uh-oh (word up)
It's them (what you talkin' bout, baby?)
Real kids spit that shitEmbed
Uh... you got it (baby...)
Uh... you got it (uh-huh)

Her name was Kim, this light skinned girl from Shaolin
Stood by my side when my world was caved in
She cooked for me, fix me up, plus made me happy
Every time she told me she loved me, I said, "no backsies"
I was fucked up in the game, migranes
No money in my pockets, all I had was a chain
.45 stainless, it got so deep I threw the heat to my dome
She said "If you shoot, you ain't the real Pretty Tone"
Baby, come home, you not alone, be strong whether right or wrong
Our bond is even more stronger when the light is gone
Say, "Yo, Starks relax, you know I got the hot water runnin
Baby, oil you down, pots in the oven"
And my lovin'? It's gone when they style old fashion
And, ah, don't worry bout that jam, you gonna smash 'em
Boom bash em', your time has come
Stay focused, keep it cool, you know I love you
Love you too, babe, thank you

Uh... (you out there) you got it (louder)
You might also like
The more I drowned, the more down he went
As if to say, them other chicks wasn't meant
When she came through, by every square inch possible
Help the kid get on out, every obstacle
Long talks at night, arguments and still try'nna solve
Whether who is right, we mad tight
And the way she never call the cops on a nigga's
Got me, open, even more on her with her bangin' body
My favorite sweetheart, cum, but don't ever stop
Your love, give me every drop, you kiss get's me very hot
Never felt feelings before, and felt so sure
Every time you put it on me, I feen for more
Think that's the reason why, can't leave, can't lie
Look you dead in the eye
Word to fuck up, like Ralph, baby, your the greatest
I'mma sell my guns, and with the cash I'mma bring you to Vegas

Uh... you got it
I was drowning in the sea of love
Going down for the third time
You came and saved me dear (saved me) {Ghostface!}
And all the sweet things you've been doing, I ain't never been used to 'em
Don't ever stop them, dear (stop them dear)
To all the ladies who love they man
Though they fuck up, and you still let them back in
Make some noise if you cook and you clean for 'em
Out of love, doing juks for them
To all my niggas who love a girl with good brains on 'em
Bag 'em and get your name tattooed on 'em
Kiss 'em in the morning, hold 'em, definitely show 'em
We got our crab down, packed when it's time to mold 'em

Oh... oh.. oh... oh oh...
Uh... (you out there) you got it (louder)
I was down... thank you1Embed
I'm from a place where fish was made
Corduroy Balleys, sportin' those Rakim K's
Rakeem came
High self-esteem promised me a moment in life just to wreck y'all lames
Throw the TEC to your brain, puttin' the best to shame
This is Theodore, best to tuck those Dana Danes
See me comin' (Blaow) start runnin' and (Blaow, blaow)
Ayo (Blaow, blaow, blaow)
Kunta fly niggas when we walk through the party
Pimp talk with the MAC strapped to our body
Bartenders is nervous, 'fraid to serve us, bad service
Un smacked him on purpose, you see us drunk, come and burp us
Paper chasin', Starky stayed up in the makings
Theodore conquer the four devils with the patience
Cell phones is blowin', the crew's not available
Ask 'Donna, word in the town, we the realest dudes
We don't need no diamond rings
All we need is a drum, like, fuck it, he can rhyme, I'll sing
And in my Yankee hat, you can drop five beans
And then run back to mama, like, all I know is

Holla, holla, holla if you want to
I'll buzz you
Holla, holla, holla if you want to
I'll buzz you
You might also like
When I walk through any function
You bet your ass that the four-five'll cook, fuck your wack looks
Fuck platinum, fuck, I'ma show ya'll crooks
This is legit rap, I.R.S. can suck my books
I'm a family man (Uh), Clan mixed with Theodore
My boots hang over the telephone wires on Broad'
Word to MetLife, Tony got insurance on his mics
Smoke mad shit and still got endurance when he fight
Both hands crusty, bank account dusty
Ever say my name again, you pussy
Like a angry crippled man, don't push me
Don't believe the kid, listen to me

Holla, holla, holla if you want to
I'll buzz you
Holla, holla, holla if you want to
I'll buzz you

Dirty told me to rock the spot (Yeah)
Freak the beats 'cause the streets is raw (Go 'head)
Don't believe what you see, just watch (True)
Speak to the seeds, give 'em lead on jobs (Come on)
Educate, keep it peace with Gods (That's right)
In return, happiness in globs (Yeah)
We see the future like a psychic's palm
Things I'm saying are true
And the way I explain them to you
Yes, to you, listen to me
Holla, holla, holla if you want to
I'll buzz you
Holla, holla, holla if you want to
I'll buzz you3Embed

First I love God, then love my mother
Love my babies, sisters and brothers
Love my father cause that's my mom's partner
Love my grandmother and my grouchy ass grandfather
Love my aunties on both sides of the family
Uncles, cousins, nieces and nephews
Mess with my peoples you get stepped to
Love the mother of my children, them girls is special
Love feels good though we stuck in the hood
Love my last album, though the joint went wood
My mans and my enemies, I love them too
Love God he let me see past thirty-two
Plus what he gave Wu, a chance to change music
Just listen, you and I know the truth
Love is essential, to some it's detrimental
Mostly when you use the next person as a rental

Love, lift us up (higher), take us higher (high)
Blossom every ghetto flower (oh Love, yeah)
Cos love, only love has the healing power
And we can never live without you for
Love, Love, Love
You might also like
Love life, the ground we walk on
My sickness, it made me strong
My loved ones in Heaven
The ones we lost, to heroin
Malcolm, Martin
And what they stood for, them men had it poppin'
Love the sun when rain drops in
Cozy nights with my pumpkin
Love my hell and my struggle
You gotta go through Hell to come out right, Love conquers pain and the puzzle
Funny on how Love could end so subtle
Was it just sex and not really Love for the couple?
Love people
Love the fact when there's a baby bein' born, like "push girl, come on"
I'm not just sayin' that cause BET's on
We is one, one Love, each one, teach one

Love, lift us up (lift us up), take us higher (take us higher)
Blossom every ghetto flower
Cos love (oh love), only love has the healing power (healing power)
And we can never live without you for
Love, lift us up, take us higher (yeah)
Blossom every ghetto flower
Cos love (my love, your love), only love has the healing power (healing power)
And we can never live without you for
Love (oh love), lift us up (lift us up), take us higher (take us higher)
Blossom every ghetto flower
Cos love (oh, love), only love has the healing power (lift us up)
And we can never live without you for
LoveEmbed
Yeah, yeah, why'know
  Tranquilize, tranqulize
Yeah, yeah
Yo Ghostface! (c'mon)
Raekwon!
Meth!

See me in the club, got a gun on my leg
Select paper and invade all the illest niggas tally up paid, yo
Live Crew meetin', layin' in the lab with robes of fly Mo
We hold all niggas eatin'
Racquetball gangsters, unleash the law straight up
Colorful drawers, bad whores on the weekend
Eat it raw style like Flounder
Fuckin' with mine or how we design, my niggas might find ya
Layin' in the Tropics, big dick shit on park
The way his Clarks look, niggas on topics
Movin' out, colored Durangos, picture me broke
That's like picture rich niggas with the same coats
Or rich niggas with the same coke

You can catch us cruisin', ballin' a ship, fully equipped
On a StarTAC, callin' a bitch, I'm what you get
When that Absolut and Hennessy mix (Ultimate! Ultimate!)
Wu shit, my whole clique (Ultimate! Ultimate!)
Rub-a-dub, ass in the club, showin' me love
Sayin' "Peace" to the nigga that thug, I got the drugs
And the .38, snub-nose, striking a pose
Baby girl spilled her drink on my clothes, the new Girbauds
Louis Rich, Hot Nikks, nigga, what's happenin'?
Ain't shit, holdin' my dick, smokin' a clip, thanks for askin'
Mashin', the latest fashion
Dance floor packed in, whites, blacks and latins
All in together, together for worse or better
Now I put it down whether it's Methy, Method, or Meth-Tical
Rock, skate, roll, bounce
I'm bound to wreck your body as they turn the party out
You might also like
All magazines lay, fly life we live
The lingo was to let y'all niggas know how niggas rep
I'm set lightin' the Purple in a new Lex
Triflin work, let's murder everythin' that move on the set

I better pay Big Mama for using his lyrics
I better pay Big Mama for using his lyrics
I better pay Big Mama for using his lyrics
I better pay Big Mama for using his lyrics

And my mouth stay dry cos I swallow the struggle
I might connect you to a VCR after they plug you
I'm not a gangster and I hate thugs, too
I'm just a nigga that paint a picture without a paintbrush, too
Without a paintbrush, too

Bulletproof Wallets, 20G kitchensets made out of Korea
Top Sear, gots to be a lots to see a rocks
Knots we re'd up behind the stove askin' how Maria popped Lea
Cursed out Nia, burst out her purse
With the gods you jeer from Stark's Pizzeria
Peace, hate to be ya, especially when them shots ring off
In slow motion when yo' head hit the meter
You lost two liters, at the same case speeder
Peter slid through, shook 'em down for his reefer
James chased Theresa with a hatchet on Easter
Two murders in the hood, we call it double features
Watch how I eat this, freak the best teacher
After prayer with the preacher, I get skied in the bleachers
And your girl, I might eat her
I'm a lover, not a biter, I still catch her for a pizza
You can be as good as the rest of 'em or as bad as the worst
So don't hate me, you better move over yeah!

You fucking idiots!
Wallets motherfucker!
All my shit is bulletproof
Bulletproof projects, bulletproof wallets
R.A.G.U., you heard, you bird-ass niggas
Y'all niggas ain't got a chanceEmbed
Oohhh... This that fire! Ghostface and Missy

Somebody tell that girl that her ass too big
I give it to her right and she let me live
Can't eat that, cuz there's no relationship
I beat that, the next day you called in sick
Frontin', not for nothin', I pop buttons
Off Baby Phat, Levi's, J.Lo's, Guess and Gap
Cuz it's like that, young lady, bet I make you shake
Like the Puffy and Jay-Z's, Dre's and J.D.'s
Come on, if not you, I'mma beat this song
But if you were bout it, our business wouldn't be here this long
Let me break it down for you, all I wanted to know
If I could just feel it and touch it, and break it down into numbers and
Come with me and just leave your friends
Cuz we don't need no cock blocking
Tellin' you this without no option
Tell your friends "Peace, look, I'm bouncin'"

Tush, tush, tush
Wanna slide in the bush, bush, bush?
(I'm on top, you like push, push, push
Keep it low like shush, shush, shush)
You wanna get up in my tush, tush, tush?
You could slide in the bush, bush, bush
(I'm on top, you like push, push, push
Keep it low like shush, shush, shush)
You wanna get up in that tush, tush, tush?
Wanna slide in my bush, bush, bush
(I'm on top, you like push, push, push
Keep it low like shush, shush, shush)
You might also like
Oh yeah, you jinglin' baby (well let me jump up on that ding-a-ling baby)
Ooh, gosh, you a nasty girl, sassy
Picture me layin' you inside my classic pearls
Toes'll curl, giddy up, you go girl
I'm about to, uh, do it slow girl
Ooh, you in control, it's in your world
She on, I think I like ol' girl
Take it out, turn around
Charlie horse, shit, threw me off balance
Wildin', all I wanted was to show you my talent
To let you know on how I rep in Staten Island
This is the reason I came to you
So we can connect it then kick it was the thing to do
Cuz we don't need no representation
Domination, got them waitin' patient

Now this is the way ya'll suppose to
To get dowwnnnnnnnn, ya'll ain't right
Somebody say "Aha! Ghost is back!"

Pull back the curtain, let me work your sermon
Playboy don't hurt me like a virgin
You seem real determined to put a hurtin'
But if you ain't slurpin', then you better off jerkin'
You got a lot of nerve, to wanna serve my curves
My 36D, 36 hips
The way I shoot the gift, I swallow coke bottles
And you would swear it was Lil' Kim lips
Eh, I really like you baby
Do you know how to wife this lady?
Give me what I want, don't talk, don't touch
Unless you got a bank account that make my face blush
Now shush... in my bush
And I can give you what you want, make a wish
Just throw it, I'll show you how to push
Kinky sex, tie ropes around your wrist
Come on..

Come on... hah... oh..
Come on... hah... oh... aha-ha
Oh... aha-ha... whoo!
Come on!1Embed
I see buds that are green, red roses too
I see the blunts, for me and you
And I say to myself, what a wonderful world..

It's the illest little story for all the girls and boys
Wonderland you should see it, ch-yo
Animated actors that become ya toys
Once you see it, don't believe, ch-yo

Aiyo, my wiz play the flute, I stroll through the forest like
Peace, bushes, trees, hello, how was your day? Have you seen the prince?
Haven't seen him since he pushed Humpty Da-Dumpty fell off the fence
The Smurfs fell out laughin', Heckle told Jeckle at min
They took my Medicaid card, he's a good friend
Bugs still sniffin', Daffy Duck snitchin'
And heard that crazy Bird took the stand on The Simpsons
Bet you "my golly, oh glory" with a story to tell
Droopy got knocked, now he Muslim in jail
His name is Abdrul, Colorful, Snow White tattoo
She used to send him mad flicks in Cash Rule
And the cat too, old girl who's clackin' her shoes
And that wicked witch broke her broom, clappin' at Scoob
It happens every night, I seen it, shoot outs in Jellystone Park
Kermit had the whip, he did from the narcs
They bagged Woody, Shaggy shot dead in his hoodie
Tweety did the Bird, "I thaw, I thought I thaw a putty"
Ghost, please you don't even want to know
Droopy Long wrote a song, like to hear it, here it go...
Ricochet Rabbit had a habit, he was savage
Bruto slapped, Magoto slapped out his glasses backwards
Magilla used to come to class wit rachets
He was known in the hood, plus good for his classics
Slashes, blast four-fifths, diamond cut, hollow point tips
Big Boy bustin' out his corderoy fix
Eleven, way beyond is little boy fit
Magoo, he gon' catch him at the teachers' conference
So later that week durin' open school night
Everybody there, saw open school fight
Blows is big, Olive Oil was pissed
The wolf was too, they murdered one of the pigs
He said, "What great big heat you have"
He replied, "Fuck my gun I'll eat you fast"
He said, "What great big teeth you have"
"Mothafu- you better look at all the beef you have"
You might also like
It's the illest little story for all the girls and boys
Wonderland you should see it, ch-yo
Animated actors that become ya toys
Once you see it, don't believe, ch-yo

After that though, Jerry, Tom's the cat, Ruther Rats
Riff Raff, courageous cat, Jossie and the Pussycats
Porky Pig ripped shag, Elmer Fudd's double snub cartoon gat
Had sat in the back of the Hat, the hippos had O's
Wilma had fucked Johnny Bravo
Richie had his shit snatched then yapped at a live show
That bitch dollar boated yo, Astro screamed on Dino
That's what he gets for ass-betting Snoopy C-low
Goofy had kilos, big hole in his nose, wind blows
Heard he was Moe, and showed how he rolled
Peter Pan's the man, he heard Grammy was blood-ed
She shot Ms. Piggy, she's superior on her set
Pippy Long Stocking had it poppin'
Her and Barney had an army out in pink house, the shit was rockin'
Guess who got rich and bounced? Scrooge McDuck, he had an ounce
Ain't no money out in CandyLand, we out...Embed
(Jealousy) I copped a chain and bought a house then came
(Jealousy) Why'd you have to say my mother's name?
(Jealousy) It could kill you or leave you shamed
(Jealousy) Let me introduce you to the world of jealousy
(Jealousy) It can get you killed, shot
(Jealousy) Mainly ones who stand out amongst others
(Jealousy) Meaning those who are on, opposed to those who are not
(Jealousy) It's a shame
Watch out for them they are officially out there (Jealousy)
Jealousy comes from a few forms such as like (Jealousy)
Who get the most pussy; or I heard he got the most money (Jealousy)
Or tellin you I ain't the best MC
(Jealousy) Things of that nature
(Jealousy) .. (Jealousy) .. (Jealousy) ..You might also likeEmbed
Just like a fresh pair of Royals on the first day of school
It was love, even from the jump I spoiled you
Before the fame camera cars and the glitter
Though my occupation is tasty for God's sake it came with the bitches
But that's on another note (uh-huh) let me explain here
Right now sugar on how I feel for you
Like when we UHH yo I get these crazy chills from you
And when we done, yo I know the perfect meal for you
The mashed joints, big onions on sauteed fish
Little Royal, candle and one big kiss
You my pumpkin and my 'nilla custard; you cussed me out
When you found condoms layin in my pocket I was busted
I gets right witchu (uh) form a life with you (yeah)
The type after sex get a warm rag and then wipe you
Hyped up love light it up, might bite you at the altar
I'm bitin off you, I'm wearin white too

Ain't it funny how tables turn, chase you all around
Change your life baby, cause I love you baby
 (+ ad libs)
Stuck with me through the thick and thin
Through the pain and strife.. the love of my life
Said that it will ne-ver last
But I'm here by your side.. the love of my life
You might also like
And I'm here.. that's my word
Only fight you when we makin love, that's what I call it
Burnin the chronic we laughin while I'm shittin on the toilet
Camcord it, happy times record it; the time you asked me
For them blue Nike's - I was like, "Boo I can't afford it"
I was fucked up, plus I was stuck, Starks the King
Hit the block and still scraped up, eighty beans
How you like them apples? My technique is Taye Diggs
Your attitude is right that's why I made you my Wiz
The only girl that can make my shit jump, with the slightest touch
You at the stove while I'm grabbin my stuff
God forbid somethin happen to us
Let's remain and friends and discuss our troubles and might try again
Word to my Iron pen, it's not good to hold the cryin in
I feel the same way your heart's trapped in the lion's den
Iron Man, I am him
It's the beauty in our souls through Allah where the love lies within

Can't believe you found love in me, through everything
Held me down like my boys in the streets, here's the ring
Whatchu wanna do? Whatchu wanna do?

Every part of me, every thing I've done
Is still there, still there, still care, ohhh
Always been there baby
I don't wanna, and I don't wanna cry no more baby
And I love, and I love and I love you girl
 (+ ad libs)Embed
You got your hands on Mooney shit?
Say word
We gon' get high
I don't give a fuck about that nigga
He a bird anyway
Baby taking his packages
He a snitch, too (Ayo)

In Pam's house there was money missing
She was too dumb, had her nose numb, sniffin' blow in the kitchen
Her kids never ate, BCW's involved with her
Kids that she never seen, shipped two to Florida
Maxine, dark skinneded, bald headed bitch, mean
Pam's right hand, together they're the coldest fiends
Aw, shit, guess who arrived at the door
It's Mooney the supplier, "Shh, don't open the door!"
"Bitch, open the door!" "Maxine, he gon' kill me!"
"Chill, I got a friend cop," "Girl, you don't know his beef"
Three long kicks, the hinges flew off
Kids screaming, the heavy face slap blew Maxine head off
It's on in the crib, "You wrong for what you did
You gon' pay, Pam, fuck that, boo, kiss your kids
Y'all get the fuck in the room", "Fuck you, you ain't our real daddy"
"Next time you see my Caddy, don't fucking flag me"
This is where he fucks up at, peep his movements
Maxine's in the kitchen crying, grits is boiling on the side
She had a cup of lye, somebody gotta die
"Uh-huh, y'all bitches fucked up, smoked out my packages
Y'all had Mackie's shit and Pappy's shit
Word to Aunt May I want mine"
You might also like
Pulled out the nine, get in the tub
He seen the hot iron, pulled the plug out
He steamed Pam brought it back to Penny on Good Times
Back in the dollar bill, he sniffed like six lines
He put his gat down, why he do that?
Creeping through the crib was Maxine, pot holder down with the grits
Pam sucking his dick, Maxine Al Greened him
Screaming, slipped in piss, he ran in the seed's room
Grits down cryin' aight with his balls out
He stepped on Clarence, Biggie Smalls album
"Boobie get that nigga!" Pam yelling, "Rip that nigga!"
Mookie went and got the dye out the kitchen
James jumped on Moon, poked him with a screwdriver
Broke the TV, niggas watching Knight Rider

This is Pam Jerkins mother house
The same shit go on at her brother house
You know Mooney's only a buck-o-five wet
He only had two hundred dollars worth of shit
And the kids tore his ass up

The seeds had a huddle up, I felt sorry for him
The funny shit when bowlegged Keke hopped on him
Jumped on him, pigeon toed Mookie, poured lye on him
You should've seen this motherfucker's face frying
Half dying, they stuck a fork through his nuts
The little girl was happy, she picked her brother up
"Quick, pick the window up," Mooney overheard
Right before they threw him out, the nigga said, "Word?"
On the count of three
He landed right in front of the first floor balcony
Blood, brains is splattered
He was dead
And the cops never came
That's Stapleton

All, all, all in together now
We getting fresh, getting right for the weather now
And if we fall in the game, yo, that's never now
Come to my projects and we'll air you out2Embed
Yeah, damn mom
It's gone be aight, don't worry about it
Know what I'm saying, I'ma just go
I'ma just pack my shit
Peace out, aight
Don't worry about it
I still love you though

I'll never be the same again (I'll never be the same again)
I'll bet you'll never understand (I'll bet you'll never understand)
The things you put me through (Ooooohhhh)
I tried to be a better man (I tried to be a better man)
But you'll never understand, noooooo
Now it's time that I move on (Move on!)

Ey yo I gave you everything and you still fucked my head up
Children (I'm sorry Ghost) Not now, shut up
Got back off the road, heard you sleepin' with fam
The whole hood ran up on me, I was like "Damn!"
So I stepped back, sized the whole situation patiently
Arguments, face up in the air like you hatin' me
Ask you one question, was it good?
He have you on the wall like me, was it hood?
You probably showed him your sexy faces, how you ride on top
Grabbing the sheets, in a deep zone if he hit the spot
I came home on Friday, Saturday I found out
That night I cried with the kids, I was out
And my man, I'ma do him in
And the Lord knows best what I'ma do to him
And you can keep the crib - all I'm sayin' is
Let me find out you got men around my kids
You might also like
I'll never be the same again (I'll never be the same again)
I'll bet you'll never understand (I'll bet you'll never understand)
The things you put me through (Ooooohhhh)
I tried to be a better man (I tried to be a better man)
But you'll never understand, noooooo
Now it's time that I move on (Move on!)

It was the beauty that caught me and held my soul hostage
'Member those days had you smellin' my boxers
Old Gold up in the hood and bigged up
We could push through the grimiest streets
Then throw it up, like "That's my nigga!"
Anybody got something bad to say
Son'll come through and deliver
Brushin' off his 88 Clarks, y'all can't touch him
I bet a wad on it, y'all can't fuck with him
Semi-shy, and I'm laid back, crystal hats
Heard ya water broke I was like "Phewww" and ran back
I ran back fast, broke my arm in the mix
To find out that bird nigga tappin' my shit
It's alright 'do, maybe he came up with the right dough
Bigger dick, I don't know, must have been the best flow
This thing here, ever man in the world goes through
But fuck that, I put a lot of money up, I'm hatin'!
I'll never be the same again (I'll never be the same again)
I'll bet you'll never understand (I'll bet you'll never understand)
The things you put me through (Ooooohhhh)
I tried to be a better man (I tried to be a better man)
But you'll never understand, noooooo
Now it's time that I move on (Move on!)

It was like ecstasy girl
Found out it was Disney World
Had us living in a fantasy world
I wish we never broke up, girl
It was like ecstasy girl
Found out it was Disney World
Had us living in a fantasy world
I wish we never broke up, girl

Ey yo, you killed me with that, "who bought this?" I bought that
Knowin' damn well in all reality you bought jack
You ain't lift one finger, but you claimin' what's yours
Runnin' all through the house, bugged out, slammin' doors
We used to dress like twins - sweats, baby blue Timbs
You even scratched my Benz, let the pigs in
You think that I'm the biggest bird in America?
Catch me on TV, I'm come back, never the...
I'll never be the same again (I'll never be the same again)
I'll bet you'll never understand (I'll bet you'll never understand)
The things you put me through (Ooooohhhh)
I tried to be a better man (I tried to be a better man)
But you'll never understand, noooooo
Now it's time that I move on (Move on!)Embed
When Ghost threw this rhyme at you
He made up his mind
That every little thing he does
Be designed to entertain you (Yeah)
Ooh (Yeah), his whole life through (That's right)
He's been walking through the rain (Rain)
Until the day he rhymed for you (Uh-huh, uh-huh)
And the sun came pouring down (Tell 'em, girl)

Ayo, my rolls be Liberace
And my bedroom is off the hook all day, designed by Versace
Y'all just watch me, this is how I blow up
Right when y'all finna leave the joint then I show up
Star-spangled up and my chain got cuts (Uh-huh)
Mr. T looked, saw my shit and went nuts
Starks stays in luck, truck
There's a new gangster in town and he's coming up
Staten Island's capo holds the most info
Crown Royal bottles in the back, blowin' Indo
Fly shit like Curtis Mayfield and his intro
Throw this in your whip, convinced? Your tints blow
Yo, I kick the ill rhymes like this
Y'all niggas really never wrote rhymes like this
C'mon, stop frontin' at a time like this
Pretty Tone in the house, you better hide your bitch
You might also like
Ghost Showers, just a sign of the power
You feel in you, oh, baby
Ghost Showers, got you by the hour
You're dancing, too, oh, baby

Behind the wall action, barely spaghetti jewels
Machetes for y'all, little Debbie say "I bet he do"
Big bellies to big tellies, Jim Kelly's, we flip cellies
It's Lils, dusted out heavy in the big Chevy
(Kick the ill rhyme) Nah, nah, I said it before
I keep the club moist, ladies throw they panties on the floor
Action, Atlantic City lights, main attraction
Slick talk, jiggy at the door, got the gat in

Ooh, you know that rhyme from him (Yeah, c'mon, we 'bout to slow this down right about know and)
Makes your day worthwhile (You know, wait for the drop to come back in and all that and, uh)
It takes your day that's sad and blue (C'mon baby girl, sing that, uh, c'mon, didn't y'all like that?)
On a ride to a far away moon (C'mon, didn't y'all like that? Yeah, say what, say what, say what)
On that dark and troubled sea (Uh, ma', that's right now)
Ghost showed you the light (Tell y'all, didn't I tell y'all, didn't I tell y'all, didn't I tell y'all?)
And now you're dancing so fast and so free (Uh huh, ayo, hold on, I got you baby)
They're leaving stormy skies behind (Check it, I run it back with you, boo, come on, let's go, here we go now)
Yo, who got the biggest burner?
Ask the Terminator, Wes Snipes shit plus Ghost meets Vegas
Stage show magician, dip with with a bunch of candy (Uh-huh)
I got a lot of babies, y'all ain't family
If y'all don't hear me, y'all don't feel me
My album is bulletproof, y'all can't kill me
In 2003 the lease is up
We on the block now, no need for y'all re-in' up
Pop your seat up, chop the weed up, excuse me if I'm horny
No doubt, I might knock the beat up
Florence style, all up on the set freezed up
All player haters get Swiss cheesed up
Motherfucker, if you with me, throw your hands up
Look, money at the bar, pick your man up
Me and Reese Piece is like diamonds in the rough
I need Viacom money but rhymin' ain't enough

Ghost showers just a sign of the power (Yo, Starks Enterprise, yeah, c'mon)
You feel in you, oh baby (Theodore, yeah, Theodore Unit, uh-huh)
Ghost showers got you by the hour (Yeah, that's right, you heard? Party motherfucking people, yeah)
You're dancing, too, oh baby (Yeah, catch on, it's like that)

Where do we go, where do we go, where do we go, go now from here? (Where do we go, motherfuckers?)
Straight up, nothin' but the top, bitch
Ghost showers got you by the hour, holding you, taking you, blessing you, oh, baby (Yeah, that's right, that's my shit)
This shit make you wanna go, yo
Heel-toe real close, heel-toe real close
High flow it, high back, hop, hop, hop, word
You know what I mean? Might gotta double that, know what I mean?1Embed
Uh-huh.. yeah..
Aiyyo, aiyyo big wearhousin shit
Cristal bottles, Agent 88 with the gold wrapper
Coat rack is no good with the dope classics
Master fantastic trips and we fuck crackers
Bark on bitches, spark out sisters dart for dart
Diamond heart, slammin El Dorado with the Benz parts
Yo Pah mark my words
The brand new album in stores now, murderin 'em!
Murderin the higher learnin, as of now I turn myself in
Retire, give my babies my entire earnings

State my name, on this Ghost track the grand classic graphic massive
Move with the real groove with the still active
Stay 'nique, play for keep, bubble under heat
Champagne spillin, Big Willin, dealin in these streets
Sex on the Beach, Sex and the City, slum gritty
Suck milk from the titties, ain't nuttin pretty
See it in your eyes, see it in your face, son you pussy
Step out of line one time get left mushy
Champion never run never ran never will
Bed-Stuy, East New York, Crown Heights, Brownsville

Yo, don't get pumped up, cause over here you'll get lumped up
Badly bruised with your shit leakin all fucked up
I tell you what (what) we can settle the score
My hands, they break bricks and now level your jaw
My criteria, reign superior, we flood the streets about a 100 deep
Run through your town, vacate the area
When shit start happenin, y'all'll start scatterin
Skatin across the bridges in the, county of Madison
I'm down for the get down, cause y'all ain't gon' spit rounds
Niggas be on the first thing smokin, tryin to skip town
Your door kicked down, red dot the lead pop
Hit the jackpot, in his shoebox, found the bread spot
You might also like
The Al-Dog is Cristal, you critters got issues
I play dumb while I dump my ashes out the windows
Like I never heard the info, Ghost you so glamorous
Word on the set is that I fuck up all cameras! {*echoes*}Embed
Your roll, your roll (My roll, my roll?)
Ayo, Maurice, go to the store for me, son
My roll, ayo, tell that bitch Keisha come here (Yo, Keisha)
Ayo, tell that bitch Keisha come here, son (Get two Dutches)
(Holler-holler, Keisha)
Niggas rollin' for money over there, dun (I know, I know)
Make sure they bring his ice on, I want that honey bracelet
I want some of that, though (Aight), they gettin' it over there

Ayo, what's in it? Three M's in the bank
Shoot it, oh, you gotta stop?
Six bitches to the top
A four and better, beat the five
I looked him in his eyes, grabbed the dice
Son, I'll five 'em better twice for ya fuckin' life
Money feed good, all downs is a bet
Meanin' any money on the ground is a bet
Open up the pool, give the dice some room
Aight bitches, shoes, Pampers, girls need a nice room
That's a six, I told you that bitch ain't claustrophobic
If you ass-bettin', you just bet yo' ass
Nah, I got the money, I even got one with me
And 'Von bringin', too, he on his way to come get me
He just hit me, he'll be here in fifteen
With them two things, grey Benz and maroon seats
I got a quarter-mil in each of my fur sleeves
The rest is in my long johns, boots and jeans
Come in the buildin', before I pay I wanna see a three
Come in the buildin', nigga
You might also like
Pop your collar (Do whatever you do best)
Just pop your collar (Up the ladder to the hill of success), do us

Ayo, ayo, he had three down and bet three M's
So you know what happened to him
He got three rounds, we all ex-dealers
Ex-killers, Wu gon' ride to the death for the skrilla
I hold my own and rep my niggas
Always oil my guns and inspect my triggas
Sometimes I call my lawyer just to check my figures
Told me not to worry, all checks is clearin'
So fuck my rhymes, I got the best appearance
And I survive through project experience
You wanna roll dice or roll and ride?
No matter, you gon' get holes inside
See, you fuckin' with Theodore Dieni
You fuckin' with a metaphor kingpin
You fuckin' with him? Wu-Tang
Wu, you fuckin' with them?
Dun, you wanna gun to make you slim?
So I'ma pop my collar, get my dollars
Pop all parlors and fuck with money scholars (Huh?)
Know what I mean? (Street scholars, street scholars)
Matter of fact, I'm gonna fuck with Rockweilers
Pop your collar (Pop off, do whatever you do best, ayo)
Get your dollars (New York, up the ladder to the hill of success)
Pop or holla (Don't talk, you know what we gonna do)
Just pop your collar (Do yours, say no more, say no more), do us

Bent off the Jack y Dom, rollin' the dice with a happy arm
Everything good, money on wood
Bank stoppers, I send them home broke
Have them all in they stash, bettin' they own coat
I takes it all, fifty and better, you make the call
Watch you break your all, big sixes cuz I'm a nigga who don't like to fall
High roller, see how my dice kiss
Push, you pay me, and if I roll trips you pay me twice, bitch
I rocks, believe it or not
Come broke to a dice game, step off and leave with a knot
Head cracks is all you see when I'm hot, what's in the pot?
A 100 G's in the bank to the man who got it stopped
My hand is like a gun, feel the heat when it's cocked
4-5-6 your heart drop, way deep in your socks
You wanna walk, book your ass down the street with a bop
The drinks is on you tonight for my peeps in the spot

Pop your collar (Do whatever you do best, yo)
Get your dollars (Up the ladder to the hill of success)
Pop your collar (Theodore Unit, you know what we gonna do)
Just pop your collar (Pop off), do us (Eat, nigga, eat)Embed
Good Morning, Good morning
Time to get up

Look at the sun so pretty today
It's so bright, it's so smashing
Lasting, helps out the grass and
Smile when it's morning time
Last night I wrote 3 rhymes, I woke up to see the sun shine
If, God is my witness
In scriptures and pictures
The Sun kiss scrumptious son, it's nutritious
It makes me wanna climb
Take a bite out of shine
This little light of mine
Yo, the sun could never be pussy, he always come out
He'll sit right there, even if you pull your gun out
He can never run out, when the lights go out
It's Japan's turn now, the earth has spun around
I see Yellow and Green, it's a beautiful thing
The sky's blue, 'cos the sun hit the water like "BING"
A reflection (uh-huh) and that's all it is (word)
You can't stare at him long, cos your face'll do like this

Look who's shining again
(Oh My My MY)
We've Been Rhyming again
(Oh My My My)
Ice be blinding the men
(Oh My My My)
We come through time and time again
(Oh My My My)
You might also like
Check out my nephew
He jumped up in the window just to see you
Look what he drew
A car, house, always wants to be with you
He's just as Jolly, He always begging me to let him see you
I'm like "probably if you clean up, and read a little"
You make people eyes glow
You got the weather channel bugging and you stubborn when it snow
You my mentor, Mothers name their Kids after you
New slang, nothing personal, we knowin what you been through
(Sun) You roll like, one in a million yo
(Sun Sun) You always find like, one in a building yo
We those babies from day one
All I had was you on my birthday baby- think you owe me one
The way the world look when you around
Prisoners get out, look up, run at you and then kiss the ground
You my favourite, I wish we had three more of you
I adore you, plus I even go to the store for you

Look who's shining again
(Oh My My MY)
We've Been Rhyming again
(Oh My My My)
Ice be blinding the men
(Oh My My My)
We come through time and time again
(Oh My My My)
I would die for a sun , can being richer and cruel
Reachin a full 98, and got the kids in the pool
Isn't it cool how it spreads joy, hons lay in it
And it's hard to go back to work, when your lunch breaks finished
Straphang before, so it's a fact I support
Feeling the warm sun rays, upon your back as you walk
The heat-driven, A theory I plung to deep living is
Souls have to go through the sun to reach Heaven
And, sensing retreat, our souls badden the scene
Madame believe, since dinosaurs, and Adam and Eve
That Sun's hovered, to the extermination of us
It's a peephole, which leads to the firmament above us

Who can take a raindrop and turn it to glee
And drawn up 6 miles, over tropical isles and bring it to the sea

Look who's shining again
(Oh My My MY)
We've Been Rhyming again
(Oh My My My)
Ice be blinding the men
(Oh My My My)
We come through time and time again
(Oh My My My)1Embed
Yeah you are now listening to the sounds of Ghost Radio
777 FM, we in God dimension
Sponsored by Stark Enterprise
Shout out to everybody on Staten Island
Don't touch that dial...

A-yo, a-yo, my name's on your roster kid, I mean business
Big elevators mean big businesses
Sleeves rolled up around five, I, loosen my tie
Rough day though the stock was high
Plus I'm hungry, move like the boss of the joint
I know it don't mean nothing 'causeI brought the joint
But still, realer hits, card dealerships
Bank slips, murder topics, niggas ain't shit
So what, I had a rough day?
That's right, and if y'all don't like it
Then motherfuck y'all, it's Ghost in the house!
Make noise if it's C.R.E.A.M. in the house!
Aww shit now, fly coffee tables, haircuts dust
Money this long, you wish you could roll with us
Supersoak us, your bitch chose us
Be sure to stay away from friends you can't trust

It's been so long (yeah, uh-huh, uh-huh)
Since he had a true friend (that's right, that's right)
True friends are sure hard to come by (uh-huh)
But then again
His loyalties lie within
Always kept his head to the sky
And they can't see... no n-n-no-no (Check it
I want all y'all...remember this? Yo, c'mon, c'mon)
They can't see him walking through the darkness... no-n-n-no-no
(Ooha-ooha! yo, Ooha-ooha! uh-huh
Yeah, Ooha-ooha! Ooha-ooha!)
They can't see him walking through the darkness
You might also like
Yo, yo, yo, the new President America
Flash money, act funny
Party, ride the bubbly
Goons and thugs, double Hennessy
One shot to the nose, double energy
I don Wallabees, fucking remember me
Guess who's back? The W embassy!
Even in the dark we electricity, rap celebrities for the longevity
Staten and Manhattan, that's all liberty
B.E.T, MTV always big up me
That I rock coliseums, cop a drop BM
Drunk throw his dick out on stage, I gotta see him
Then he sung:
Ha! Let's get drunk! Ha!
Let's get drunk and high yeah!

Yeah, yeah, uh-huh, throw your hands in the air, throw your hands in the air
(They can't see him walking through the darkness)
Like this y'all, like that y'all... c'mon, yeah
(c'mon, no-o-o they can't see him walking through the darkness)
Yeah... ma, c'mon boo... yeah that's right... motherfucka
(No-o-o, they can't see him walking through the darkness)
Yeah... c'mon ma, rock that sick... that's right yo, look at ??? over there
C'mon, c'mon we breakin' it down
(Ooh no-o, they can't see him walking through, walking through)
Uh-huh, these are the best dancers in the house tonight
Ladies and gentlemen give them a round of applause
(No, and the earth, they can't explain... on his road to become... become)
Uh-huh, that's how I like it, that's right, listening to the sounds of Ghost
Radio...
It's like that y'all... Staten Island, New York
(the chased and get hazed)
New York in the house, make some noise!
(but ???)1Embed
If it's a boy
His swag and ditty bop'll be just like mine
And if it's a girl
Ooh, just like her momma, she gon' be so fly
What a joy we made
From the love we made
Yeah, yeah

Yo, aiyo, I ran up on the corner, poppa warned her 'what'
She pulled her shirt down, smiled, trying to hide her butt
I said 'Nah, baby girlfriend, you ain't gotta do that'
Hope you ain't the anorexic type, trying to lose that
Us boys like 'em thick, short weaves, curls, braids
I take 'em buck 50, 60 with them thick legs
We can sail it out, five nights, six days
Boat cruise, wardrobe flights, everything's paid
If I'm aggressive, just pardon my gangsta
I just wanna get to know you
Get to show you the way I move, that's part of my gangsta
Like art, yo, I can sit you down and paint cha
Plus my stove game's up, no red meat
But having you in my cypher right now makes me feel complete
Like a baby going night-night, sucking on his baby bottle
You in a class by yourself, all them chicks follow
You might also like

Yeah, yo, she cook and clean, matter fact she saved my life
When I'm outdoor, she check and see if I'm alright
I'm OK, babe, how you? "I'm alright
Just that the baby's kicking, I want some Popeye chicken
And my back kinda hurt from the way I was sitting
Hurry home, so you can rub my big belly and kiss it
And I need some", don't be fresh, girl
You know I can't help it, baby, it stay wet, girl
Yeah, that's my joy, love, strawberry shortcake
Leave me weak in the knees where I can't even walk straight
That's the reason I got two court dates
Grown nigga like me let his thing blaze for that
I was raised in the Stat', that's my word
I pluck something if you fuck with my bat
And my name ring round the way, girl, she the sweetest thing
I love you Starks, writing hearts in between our names


Mr. Producer, drop the beat right here, now
Ghostface Killah, let me talk to them
Radio Raheem
I will be the sweetest thing you've ever known
Like a kiss on a, collarbone
I wanna be ya, best friend, your homey and your king
And bring to fruition, all of your dreams
And so you're having my baby
So stay forever my lady, like Jodeci
Now, push (push) harder (harder)
I'd rather you be wifey, than to be a baby father
Embed
"I want you, you've got to, stop your storm babe" (x4)

The fuck?
Yo, somebody sent their wolf pack in their clappin' rounds
Actin' like, what a way to play these clowns
Some shady town guerrillas tryin' to lay me down
Yo maybe Brown, done set it up, who give a fuck?
We vested up, from head to gut, them niggas won't get the best of us
They talk to me, silently they stalk with me
Awkwardly, till they seen my two ninas
Fiendin' let us out of these jeans, would lean'em , leave 'em
Coughin' and bleedin' even, barfin' and wheezin'
Son they- called for it, we at odds, and we gon' make it even
Burning Season long 4 keep pourin' on the heat Lord
The more beef they bring Killa, the more steak to feast off
One shot nearly took a cheek off, should've seen him leapin'
Dancin' like Ed Norton catchin' a smack from Jackie Gleason
Bloody Mooners episode 1 where weapons get spun
And those who gamble with them hammers'll surely death will become
"Get over here woman!"

Yo, nigga, pass the mothafuckin' Belvedere, nigga
(Ain't no fuckin' Belvedere)
What the fuck is that? Grey Goose, nigga?
(It's water, man, water)
Yo, where the fuck is Tony at, man?
He in the room right here?
(Chill son, chill son, chill son
He gettin' his dick sucked
A bitch suckin' his dick)
Not again, B (Damn, nigga)
Yo, Tony! (Yo baby, chill, chill)
Yo, hold up (A bitch suckin' his dick)
Oh shit, son, she slurpin' and burpin'
(Fuck that) Listen, listen, listen, listen
(Oh shit he gettin' his dick sucked)
You might also like
Five and a half in boys (Uh-huh), ass is off the hook (word)
High school pussy, heard you got the best nookie
Sugar walls, rocks o' love, slide right on my dick
I'm palmin' ya ass like this while you ridin' it
I'm about to cum boo-boo, chill for a sec
I Feel it at the tip, ma' (gushing sound), ya pussy's too wet
One false move and I'mma blast like the very first time
Burnt you with candle wax fast while you was slobbin' mine
Dick is sensitive, you moved, baby here it is
Oh Lord, I told you not to move, you dumb broad
Cumin' for days, wettin' ya cage
My dick is like the sprinklers and maybe a douche, I'm here to save the day
Solomon was wise and I got fifty other bitches
Some eat bitches, some bitches fuck my niggas
Solomon was wise and I got fifty other bitches
Some eat bitches, some bitches fuck my niggasEmbed
Yeah, aiyo it's 4 in the morning, I decide to turn over
Pull down your little red drawers and start to kiss you all over
You hope it ('last, forever') I know baby, I hope it ('last, forever')
So I, took off my paisley pajamas I got from St. Thomas
Yo, I love you so much, so let me pay homage
And if you do, yo I promise never break a promise
So can I give you the honors my little Pocahontas?
Play by play, Miss Camay
You like a Zales Diamond in the window, right on display
You just a shining, precised in every curve you cut
And for your daddy, yo, you never have to tuck in your gut
Because I love it like that, stretchmark fat, plus let me show my crunches
To burn it off, just lay right on your back
And let me do my love dance, I pop it to the left
I pop it to the right, I get it all night, come on

Them other chicks must hail to the queen, as I
Put them dudes straight up and check, cuz the queen is mine
(Last, forever, last, forever)
We can be broke, holes in our coat, even still we shine
We got each other through the bad and the best of time
(Last, forever, last, forever)

Yo, yo, I'm lost in love, with nowhere to go
She says I'm a pain in the ass, boy, get to the store
She can say that, cuz we best friends, we play together
She carry my left rib, therefore we pray together
Bury me on top of her, in our graves together
Cuz when she feel pain, I know how to make it better
Talks, some long walks, communication in parks
Understand what she's going through, our listen was smarts
Especially when she's on her friend, I be hoping it leave
I have to bite my tongue, just to keep from arguing
Six days of that is like, who let the monster in
After it's finished then, I can get on top again
Shorty girl's my oxygen, never catch her gossiping
Look it ya'll, this my flower, she gon' keep on blossiming
Long as she is mine, and I am her, we gon' ride the wind
This lady here is all for me, I never have to lock her in
You might also like
Them other chicks must hail to the queen, as I
Put them dudes straight up and check, cuz the queen is mine
(Last, forever, last, forever)
We can be broke, holes in our coat, even still we shine
We got each other through the bad and the best of time
(Last, forever, last, forever)1Embed
This is a story of a player from an Island
That lost his way, such a price to pay
To kiss those girls and make them cry
Kiss those girls and make them cry
To love, to lose, to plead for a do over
A do over
Give me a do over
I want a do over
It's that Radio Raheem and Ghostface Killah

If you knew I was out of line, I miss you like all the time
And if you don't wanna see me, fine
A good girl's hard to find, so maybe in due time
Can I get a do over? Can I get a do over?

Aiyo, I used to get a threesome, every other weekend
Cheated on my girl til we nearly stopped speaking
She broke down and cried, and it hurt so bad
Her friends went and told her I was a brand new dad
Of course, she knows now, I ain't used no bag
My excuse was I couldn't cum like that
She warned me of days like this, if this should happen
She'll be out, and we'd be the ones sharing the napkin
Silly dilly me, didn't follow the instructions
Don't bring nothing home, I don't wanna hear nothin'
But brought to the world, innocent, two month old little girl
But what am I to do? Yo, I lost my boo
It's like being kicked out the group and lost my crew
Throwing a baby up to someone I hardly knew
Nah that shit don't add up, what am I to do, yo? I lost my jewel
You might also like
If you knew I was out of line, I miss you like all the time
And if you don't wanna see me, fine
A good girl's hard to find, so maybe in due time
Can I get a do over? Can I get a do over?

Aiyo, I wrote this right here, on the bus to Rikers
Right next to the thieves, the cons, the lifers
For mad years, you held you down, I'mma overwhelmed in pain
And the worst time to leave you, now
I'm sorry, please forgive me, the streets caught me
I appreciate your concern and support for me
Most important, your honesty and trust, your heart's incredible
This the truth spilling out of my guts
If I, would of took the chance to see
What was place right in front of my face
For sure, nine out of ten times
My actions wouldn't allow me to be so naive
And blind, to carry out these mistakes
I'm cheating, running around, blasting my gun
For me, my rep on the streets like touching the sun
You like a fingerprint, I never find a match like you
Thanks for your patience, you find a man, I hope it's true

If you knew I was out of line, I miss you like all the time
And if you don't wanna see me, fine
A good girl's hard to find, so maybe in due time
Can I get a do over? Can I get a do over?
She was screaming out the window, I was walking up the block
Throwing out my Timbos, and all my clothes
She said, F*** my, apoligies
She said, the lies won't fit those
And I said, baby, now let me explain
I know I had fucked up, it was a one time thing
So take all the time you need and desire
And if you let me do it over, I promise to do it right

If you knew I was out of line, I miss you like all the time
And if you don't wanna see me, fine
A good girl's hard to find, so maybe in due time
Can I get a do over? Can I get a do over?

Hello baby, I'm sorry for everything that just been going on lately
You know, I've kinda been stressed out
I've been thinking about the things I did to you lately and
Not listening when you was telling me to chill
Now I wind up in here, it's like
You remember, listen boo, listen
The way you rub my face, the way you talk to me
The way you look at me, I know ain't no girl in the world gon' ever give me that
Like the way you gave it to me
So right now I'm pleading, and this is my word on everything
I'm on my knees, babe, just take me back, give me one chance
I'm asking for a do over...Embed
All I'm saying, come here, lady
I can't take it, let's stop playing
Oh, you know, you know
I got no patience, I hate waiting
I can't take it, let's stop playing
Oh, you know, you know

Yo, boo, let's cut the crap, you know we like each other
I been wanting you bad, yo, that's word to my mother
I know you got a man, and I'm involved
But we can play this right, if we shuffle the cards
I've been wanting you for mad years, when the elevators broke
I run and help you with your bags upstairs
I was scoping you out, today you was late, to leave by 8
With no time to be at work at 9
She'll be back by 6, son pissed you off, I know
When I spoke, yo, you didn't say shit
But still, you was looking mad cute to me
With your lips poked out, being rude to me
You're still sexy, luscious, and all them words
Only girl in the building with a full length fur
Had no choice to raise and press up, explain how I feel
It's only your love I want the best of
You might also like
All I'm saying, come here, lady
I can't take it, let's stop playing
Oh, you know, you know
I got no patience, I hate waiting
I can't take it, let's stop playing
Oh, you know, you know

I had a dream, yo, I seen you on the laundry mat
Folding your clothes by the dryer, my drawers is wet
So you passed me a Bounce, one fell when I bend down
And got up, you start tonguing me down
Butterflies ran across my stomach
Didn't wanna put the fire out, cuz God damn, I love it
Moved the basket out the way, cleared the table
Laid you down, my mouth slid past your navel
Your feet, had knocked over the Clorox bleach
Held my head closer to you when my tongue got deep
I'm saying we both of those, this how I feel
If you don't want a part of me, it's no big deal
But ma, I'm not here to game you, babe, I'm going on vibes
Somewhere inside, I know you feel the same
It's alright though, you look like, you know how to get it
Here take my keys, come upstairs in a minute
All I'm saying, come here, lady
I can't take it, let's stop playing
Oh, you know, you know
I got no patience, I hate waiting
I can't take it, let's stop playing
Oh, you know, you know

Let's stop faking, let's just go get naked
No more discussion, we can get to kiss and hugging
My premonition, told me I got what you're missing
So let's stop playing, baby girl, that's all I'm saying

All I'm saying, come here, lady
I can't take it, let's stop playing
Oh, you know, you know
I got no patience, I hate waiting
I can't take it, let's stop playing
Oh, you know, you know
All I'm saying, come here, lady
I can't take it, let's stop playing
Oh, you know, you know
I got no patience, I hate waiting
I can't take it, let's stop playing
Oh, you know, you know
All I'm saying, come here, lady
I can't take it, let's stop playing
Oh, you know, you know
I got no patience, I hate waiting
I can't take it, let's stop playing
Oh, you know, you knowEmbed
I could be your friend, I could be your tease
I can be a freak, I can be a P.Y.T
If you ask, I'll be that
I could be your girl, I could be your wife
I complete your side, I could be watching me
If you ask, I'll be that
I'll be your homey, lover, friend, I'll be your everything
If you ask, I'll be that
Say you want me, I'll come running
I can be your baby, just you ask, I'll be that

My girl, my love, come through, rescue me
Throw me on the bed, no clothes, wrestle me
After smashing that, then will you cook for me
Promise I won't hit you, you don't have to be shook of me
Washing my boxers, shirts folded nice and creased
Plus when we argue, she will never pull a beast
Clap for my baby, award winning, best nookie
I been in the whole wide world, that's why I stay spending

I could be your friend, I could be your tease
I can be a freak, I can be a P.Y.T
If you ask, I'll be that
I could be your girl, I could be your wife
I complete your side, I could be watching me
If you ask, I'll be that
I'll be your homey, lover, friend, I'll be your everything
If you ask, I'll be that
Say you want me, I'll come running
I can be your baby, just you ask, I'll be that
You might also like
I want you in a scarf, boy shorts around the house
Wife beater, undercover, sitting on the couch
Isley's is playing, lights dim, vanilla candles is melting
It's a long time, don't let no one else in
Fresh out the tub, sweetness and peaches
Body work splash around your neck, the kid admire all your features
Niggas be hollering; peace ma, what up boo?
You suck your teeth and keep it moving with the screw, yes

I could be your friend, I could be your tease
I can be a freak, I can be a P.Y.T
If you ask, I'll be that
I could be your girl, I could be your wife
I complete your side, I could be watching me
If you ask, I'll be that
I'll be your homey, lover, friend, I'll be your everything
If you ask, I'll be that
Say you want me, I'll come running
I can be your baby, just you ask, I'll be that

Happy birthday, red roses, big cakes
Donna Karen slippers, got your birthday gift by the lake
Big boats, thick ropes, ostrich purses
Snakeskin boots, Jared Jewelers, the mink cost mad loot
Ski trips, resorts, close your eyes, baby, make a wish
Blow your cake out, earrings is snowflaked out
Will you marry me? Will you carry me?
Through rain, hail, sleet and snow
Don't say no, you'll embarrass me
I could be your friend, I could be your tease
I can be a freak, I can be a P.Y.T
If you ask, I'll be that
I could be your girl, I could be your wife
I complete your side, I could be watching me
If you ask, I'll be that
I'll be your homey, lover, friend, I'll be your everything
If you ask, I'll be that
Say you want me, I'll come running
I can be your baby, just you ask, I'll be that

I'll be that...
Baby...
Yeah, yeah, yeah...
I'll be that, I'll be that...Embed
Don't be surprised, when you see me 'round town
Walking around, with my head hung down
I'm so lonely, I'm so lonely
And don't be surprised, if you see me on the train
Like a homeless man, who's lost his way
I'm so lonely, I'm so lonely

On this cold pavement, I feel like laying
In the middle of the street, and just saying
I can't take it, I won't make it
Too much weight on my shoulders, and my kids are getting older
For so long, I've been so strong
I've been crying all week since you've been gone
And as the tears roll out my eyes
Another happy young couples walks by

Don't be surprised, when you see me 'round town
Walking around, with my head hung down
I'm so lonely, I'm so lonely
And don't be surprised, if you see me on the train
Like a homeless man, who's lost his way
I'm so lonely, I'm so lonely
You might also like
Someone been sleeping in my bed, eating my food
Using my soap, laying up in my pool
Walking around in his boxers, like every thing's cool
Gassing my chick for the whip, dropping her off at school
Under my covers and changing my channels
Playing my CD's in my robes, another man's burning my candles
My cologne's half way gone, a fake don, my wiz fell for
Now she strolls the park under his arm
This is my fault, I've never thought I'd see this coming
From the outside bugging, with crazy knots in my stomach
Say what goes around, comes around, now I know it now
Now I'm the fool looking in while it's going down
If somebody would of told me, I might be lonely
Now it's on me, baby call me please

Don't be surprised, when you see me 'round town
Walking around, with my head hung down
I'm so lonely, I'm so lonely
And don't be surprised, if you see me on the train
Like a homeless man, who's lost his way
I'm so lonely, I'm so lonely

Now he's getting all my kisses, stroking my loving
That 'posed to be me, but I was too stupid and stubborn
Like a piece of rope, I let it go, my mother said it so
You better straighten up, don't act like you didn't know
Her birthday came, heard she was hugged up, wearing his chain
Play in the sky box, at some bullshit Knick game
My son said, daddy, he like his eggs well done
And he kinda cool, mommy happy, I can't front
He take us on trips and clothes shopping, most of the time
We watch flicks on your surround sound, he watch boxing
You better go beg or something, before she go love him
He's taking your spot, cuz you was dissing mommy, you bugging
They don't argue, he sent her flowers for no reason
She's cheesing, I'm wishing you could come back and see this
Don't be surprised, when you see me 'round town
Walking around, with my head hung down
I'm so lonely, I'm so lonely
And don't be surprised, if you see me on the train
Like a homeless man, who's lost his way
I'm so lonely, I'm so lonelyEmbed
Generals on deck (Yeah), haha
Yeah, yeah, yeah, c'mon
Salute your superiors, y'all (This that library shit, rock the bells)
Yeah (Uh-huh, you know what time it is)
Every man is a boss ('Til it's all out)
Theodore (Uh-huh, ayo)

Stark edition, rock Christians
The crystalized rock got them big jewelry dealers on a mission
With a slick taste of lace I done smacked New York City
The four-fifty went poppin' when he tried to dip me
Balled out in bingo halls, reported skied on jury duty
Judge Judy, big groupie bitch blew me, Beigen rush Cuffies
Blast the last uzi, ship me to Africa, right? I shit rubies
Due to the night upon my behalf
I threw the shotty in the glass so I could have a double blast
Scuffle past teams and couples quick with the knuckle, fast
Rain, hail, snow, sleet, still bust that ass
Uppercut, bash
You in the grass slumped up and ya faggot-ass man hauled ass
Slim body, ain't a G-Y-M, G-Y-N
Love Doctor in the hood, fuck bitches on they friend, so, yo

Party people, you're the reason we're here
'Cause we love the game and our music is projects
So, so, yo, hello, makin' sure y'all still there (Yeah)
On stage here tonight be the almighty Theodore clique (Yeah, yo)
You might also like
I'm a little dude but I hold guns the size of Europe
Y'all niggas is sweet like pancakes with extra syrup
Whatever y'all put up, I double that
Stapleton is where I hustle at, two-twelve is where I bubble at
Yeah, I'm talkin' money-wise, you funny guys
I'm quick to yolk you up like eggs that's cooked sunny-side
Catch me at the honey hive, runnin' the strip
Gun on the hip, posted for hours, slingin' dope and powder
Culture Power, throwin' nitros, lettin' the pipes blow
Got remote control cars and they're not made by Tyco
This the Theodore, drunk off Smirnoff
Bite ya ear off, therefore, the drama is what I'm here for
From the block to the stage, I represent for those
Locked in the cage 'til I'm dropped in the grave
Every line I spit is like a shot from the gauge
Move accordingly, even when I'm actin' disorderly (So, yo)

Party people, you're the reason we're here (Who you with?)
'Cause we love the game and our music is projects (See? See? Yo), so, so, yo

I'm a Don, dead form, looked upon as equals
To the generals in my click, there'll be no sequels
Them hot ones'll crease you, the vultures'll feast you
The loved ones will shiest you, gorillas will beast you
Just served fiends walkin' up the block yawnin'
Late night meet, damn, forgot I got a warrant
Got in, laid down, then start snorin'
P-O kickin' ya door in, four in the mornin'
You blockin' my lane-lane like John Stockton
With the uttermost disrespect just like Bernard Hopkins
See, it's PC within the verse
See, we could be peoples later, in business, Money Comes First (So, yo)
Party people, you're the reason we're here
'Cause we love the game and our music is projects
So, so, yo, hello, makin' sure y'all still there
On stage here tonight be the almighty Theodore cliqueEmbed
Ether Boy, Def Jam, Ghostface, Ron Browz
Oh, oh, oh

It's no special when them shots go down
You can catch one in the gut, and go down
The silencers work to muffle that sound
Snuck through tools and on the low down
Gangstas give it up, what
Big cups of Goose stay filled-it up, we stay four wheeled-it up
I would talk to shorty but her ass ain't big enough
Her friends look like the type that'll just give it up
From abyss to gecko, stay bumrushing them hoes like Joe Klecko
It's hard to get a ticket like the Funkmaster Flex show
Even fat girls get twist into pretzels, Toney Starks special

She's a killer (oh) she's a killer (oh)
She's a killer, mami, you'se a killer
She's a killer (oh) she's a killer (oh)
She's a killer, shorty, you'se a killer
Oh, hop in my four wheeler, oh, ain't nobody realer
Oh, you got a man, I'mma steal ya, oh, my ice is iller
Yeah, we drinking Patron and, put your number in my phone and
Ain't trying to take you home and, we partying to the morning
Oh, to the morning, oh, to the morning
Oh, to the morning, to, to the morning
Oh, to the morning, oh, to the morning
Oh, oh, we partying to the morning
You might also like
My co-defendant, her name's Alexis
Niggas get caught up by the side of her breastses
She'll murder you while eating your breakfast
You'll die wanting to try how good her sex is
Baby's shit wiggle like J-Lo, her thing so good
Before you hit it, you be having to pray, yo
Don't wanna bust fast, best be on your J-O
She strictly dickly, don't go both ways, yo
She independant and she fly
Bout 5'5, 5'6, bout yay high
Button-up pink boss shirt, blue necktie
Every nigga in the club wanna eat that thigh
Surprise she stay on her toes like a prized ballerina
She tight, her stomping grounds is out in Medina
This pretty thing handle her biz, she carry those things
Ready to die like she related to B.I.G

She's a killer (oh) she's a killer (oh)
She's a killer, mami, you'se a killer
She's a killer (oh) she's a killer (oh)
She's a killer, shorty, you'se a killer
Oh, hop in my four wheeler, oh, ain't nobody realer
Oh, you got a man, I'mma steal ya, oh, my ice is iller
Yeah, we drinking Patron and, put your number in my phone and
Ain't trying to take you home and, we partying to the morning
Oh, to the morning, oh, to the morning
Oh, to the morning, to, to the morning
Oh, to the morning, oh, to the morning
Oh, oh, we partying to the morning
 (Shawn Wigs)
Everybody's acting like they killing the town
(Pardon me lord, I was sipping that brown)
This goes for the rappers, non-gun clappers
Yo, Wigs, get the cameras these is a bunch of actors (action)
Yet, my heat sing like Shirley Caesar
You can come test me at, your own leisure
I'm ballin', gettin' Arab money and I pop champagne
And go hit shorty, shaking that thang, cuz

She's a killer (oh) she's a killer (oh)
She's a killer, mami, you'se a killer
She's a killer (oh) she's a killer (oh)
She's a killer, shorty, you'se a killer
Oh, hop in my four wheeler, oh, ain't nobody realer
Oh, you got a man, I'mma steal ya, oh, my ice is iller
Yeah, we drinking Patron and, put your number in my phone and
Ain't trying to take you home and, we partying to the morning
Oh, to the morning, oh, to the morning
Oh, to the morning, to, to the morning
Oh, to the morning, oh, to the morning
Oh, oh, we partying to the morningEmbed
Whoa... oh, whoa...
Shareefa... oh

From the blocking, to the dropping
I need a girl that's stacking and popping
When I come in late, she's not clocking
Not in the crib, throwing 'round pots and
Nice girl, that's clean, that was raised to cook
Be on the couch chilling, shorts on, reading a book
Biting on a pen, thin glasses on
French type frames by Yves Saint Laurent
Say hey pretty mama, do you fit the bill
Do you got what it take for you to fit in my wheel?
Would you bust that steel if, niggas came to kill me
Protect that safe, baby, dag, that's filthy
Whoa, somebody let her know up in here
He like Papa Smurf, I'm like Papa Bear
I'm just looking for a queen, so I can rock her ear
Tell her P. Tone in here, I got her locked this year

I'm not your average girl
I be your Bonnie right beside you
No need to worry, boo, I got you, yeah
I'm not your average girl
See me without you is unlikely
Them other bitches they not like me, oh, wow
You might also like
You can have keys to the boat, money follow me
I got the cheese and the yolk, plus the juice
That's fresh squeeze with the pulp, mama got a big butt
Tiffany chain, the stones freeze in the throat
Love to hold my hand, stepping off planes from D.R
Luggage with a big black tan
Whatcha gonna do? You or him, me or you?
Fucking with him, you look mad pitiful
Boo, I'm not the type that be slobbing down hoochies
Looking at these hoes, eyes low like Droopy
Tugging on my jacket til the lights come on
We run trains on them bitches, never ice they arm
That's a no-no, chicken heads looking for a come up
In the club, 'oh my God', now they wanna run up
Nagging til the sun up, shut up, I'm not a double-up, boo
Go get your feet done, your toes, cuz they knuckles up

I'm not your average girl
I be your Bonnie right beside you
No need to worry, boo, I got you, yeah
I'm not your average girl
See me without you is unlikely
Them other bitches they not like me, oh, wow
Baby, baby, don't waste your towel
Looking any further cuz the girl is ours
Holds it down for you, any place, any time
You already know, I'm the one, yeah, I'm that
Fly girl, rider, just say the word
Anything pop off, it's us against the world
Such a hood girl, with that dirty loving that'll make your toes curl

Yo, relax and chill, analyze the story
Love, your boy Tone got mass appeal
All them other little players ain't as half as real
They just wanna get up in you like Massengill
But me, I need a wisdom, play it like wifey
Well mannered, understand the kid and not bite me
All my real ladies, put your hands up
Holla at your boy, if you ain't a groupie, right now, stand up

I'm not your average girl
I be your Bonnie right beside you
No need to worry, boo, I got you, yeah
I'm not your average girl
See me without you is unlikely
Them other bitches they not like me, oh, wow
I'm not your average girl
I be your Bonnie right beside you
No need to worry, boo, I got you, yeah
I'm not your average girl
See me without you is unlikely
Them other bitches they not like me, oh, wowEmbed
Stay, a little longer (come here, ma, stay for a little while)
(I know you gotta go home soon, but)
I know you have to go home to him (time just flies everytime I get with you)

Yo, boo, I want you to say, fall back
Put your slippers on, have a seat, give me your leg
I got the baby oil warmed up, Dreamgirls DVD
Stagger Lee swine, could you stay mine, pretty please?
I"m begging you, girl, but time fly since 2 o'clock, boom
I turn around it's like 12 on the dot
What am I to do? Your steeze got a live nigga wanting you
Around the way girl, that's why I don't mind sporting you
[Interlude: sample (Ghostface Killah)
Someone who loves you, only half as much as I do
(He don't love you, he don't love like I love you, boo)
(He's not even close)

Aiyo, he don't really love you like I do
Kiss your feet, make love to you, like I do
Wake you up, in the night tank and surprise you
Cross my heart, swear, put my hand on the bible
I'm not a cold blooded killa, baby, I cry too
The best thing for me is when I'm laying beside you
Turn you over, open up, get up inside you
He a woman beater, no doubt, and he lies too
You might also like
Stay, a little longer (please, baby, just one last time)
I know you have to go home to him (I know you got to bring it out, though)

When you leave I get aggy, I don't know how to act
The reality settle with a punch and a smack
When I know that you with him, you ain't calling me back
It be that thing down there, that got me way off track

Someone, who loves you (I'm telling you)
(His heart ain't even nowhere near it as mines be)
Only half as much as I do (come on, trust me on this)

If it's like that, fuck that nigga, he a clown
He don't know what he got, let that bastard suffer
I sent you roses, Donna Karen bags from Paris
He can't match my one, son, he'll be embarrased

Stay, a little longer (all I wanna do is take you out tonight)
(Go to clubs thats popping)
I know you have to go home to him (come on, let's go get our one-two
On, come on)
Aiyo, baby, don't leave, cuz the club is popping
We got grandma yay, plus the tunes is knocking
On the dance floor, I'm sweating my ass off
Imagining us in deep lust, how you look with your pants off
My one-two step, your dress is so spun
And your neck smell good, look cute when you chewing your gum and
From the womb to the tomb, you're blessed with a killa walk
You don't have to give me none, it's ight, we'll talk

Someone who loves you
Only half as much as I doEmbed
{We're sorry, the number you have reached is not in service}
Fuck... fuck is these niggas at, man
{Please check the number or try your call again}
(Aiyo, hello?) Aiyo, bring that shit (what happen, son?)
That's my word, yo, these niggas is fronting out here (where at, where you at?)
I'm in Jersey, you know where the fuck I'm at, nigga, I'm in Jersey
(Aight, so, what happen though, man, what happen?) I need that shit
I tell you when you get here, don't even worry about that shit
(Aight yo, I'll be right there, man) Just hurry the fuck up, bring
That big joint
(That's my word) Yeah (one) Yeah

In the crib on this rainy day, I'm chilling
Glass pianos and Portuguese drapes, hang from the ceiling
Persian rugs, Moroccan sofas
I walk through the house in paisley robes and Ferragamo loafers
And Iron Chef just season the salmon
It's coming down pouring, he watching BBC, eating a salad
I'm on the couch hitting the chalice
Checking my textes and out of nowhere, my dick is hard as a callus
I stood up, pulled back my sleeve, checked my watch
Where the, fuck is my wife, it's 12 o'clock on the dot
Very impatient, I'm getting nervous, can't stop pacing
My heart's racing, her Nextel don't get no service
Damn, all this over a gallon of milk
Something, happened to her, somebody wig'll get peeled
Okay, let me calm down, maybe she at Keeba house
Her birthday's today, we both bought her jeans and a blouse
Since 7 o'clock, she been gone for hours
Jetted up the steps to the master suite, checked the shower
Nope, all that is there is towels and soap
Stomach is nauseous, caught a big lump in my throat
Found a phonebook with mad names, looked down
Bow, there go Keeba, tying my shoes, I put the bitch on speaker
And bluntly addressed her, 'where's my girl?' (Shit, I don't know nigga)
(Last time I seen her, Ghost, she hittin' on an old nigga)
Yo, Keeba stop playing, yo (Nah, we took a shot of Henn')
(Maybe she was out by 10, I told the bitch, fuck that bitch)
(Don't even try to call me, I'm getting me some mad dick)
(Show these muthafuckas, how Keeba love to drive stick)
I snatched up my raincoat, the grass was soaked
Under the bed in the guest house, where I keep my toast
I yelled to the Chef, yo, watch for Kayla, check the pool and the bowling alley
If anything, just hit my cellular
Hopped in the go cart, the yard is dark, I'm bugging
Few feet from the guest house, is where I parked
Hope she's OK, is what I say in my heart
But something don't feel right, so is what I'm saying to God
As I got closer, something ain't kosher
I heard a bunch of squeaky sounds from the house, I don't think I'm suppose to
Is this the end, of the Starks regime?
Let me find out somebody on my ground, yo, is pounding my queen
You might also like*door slowly opens*
Verse 2: Ghostface Killah (Fabolous) {Shareefa}
Yo, I'mma kill, yo! (Hold on, cuz)
{Baby, let me explain, you over reacting, that's not what it was}
Shut the fuck up, you got caught moaning with your legs up
Eyes all red, what? Did ya'll just blaze up?
Then froze for a sec, so I dipped quick, lift the mattress
Aimed the biscuit at both of them bastards
What ya'll excuse now (Yo, cuz, she said she live with her pop)
(Her dude mad strict, that's why we up in the spot)
(And yo, this little trick of yours, bought me a ten G watch)
He reached down for his drawers, thats' when I let off a shot
Back the fuck up, snatched his covers
Had 'em looking like the black Adam & Eve, some sinful lovers
(Chill, Tone, put the gun down) How you know my name, son?
{Hold on, let me explain} Yo, ya'll two is done
(Just let me put my drawers, get dressed, before I get rocked)
(Cuz real talk, is looking like you trynna let off that Glock)
Yeah, you right, you look familiar, you put my cable in, right?
The FiOS nigga, and you fucking my wife?
(Yeah, I put that cable in, nigga, we both got caught)
(And she a triflyn ass chick, don't act like it's all my fault)
{Baby, no} Mind your business
(Now Kayla, don't stop him, let the sucker do what he do)
(He touch me, and he finished)
What, nigga, hold that, eat it
(Oh shit, what the fuck) You forgot your drawers
And your little tools, nigga
You FiOS mustache wearing muthafucka, I got you nigga
(Fuck you, nigga, I'mma see you nigga)
(Fucker, fuck) That's why you dive out the window
On some Jim Carrey, shit, nigga, fuck that
{We're sorry, the number you have reached is not in service}
Fuck... fuck is these niggas at, man
{Please check the number or try your call again}Embed
Her face glowed like I was exposed to sunlight
She's happy, her hair, toes and nails is done right
The smell of her fragrance, baffled my nostrils
I can see through her eyes, she's feeding on the impossible
She blushes, as I kept splashing her compliments
Polite thank yous, is all around, she crush the mints
Developments, smooth keys from the piano
Changed the mood, like we changed the channel
This is art, Picasso, I got him beat in the flesh
I'm staring at beauty, Nefertiti, herring bone in the chest
Yes, everywhere she step, went off like a flare gun
Stilettos on, parquet floors
Miss thing, she's a fierce one, two and three
Bad little mama, she built like Alicia Keys
No façade, her strut is hard, based on books by
Intelligent jail crooks, writing to let the time fly
She dropped the bracelet, I kneeled down
Prestigious gentleman, with my right hand, I picked it up
I stood up, to the cutest eyelashes, as I gave her, her jewels back
Miss thing started rubbing her gut
Excuse me, are you pregnant? Not to be rude
But if it means anything, I can get you some food
Cheese crackers, in the back there's sautéed shrimp

Nah, I never free lumps, I'll be as big as a blimp
See my due date is January, my first, and it's kinda scary
It's only June, and Christmas, I'll be getting married
And I'm happy, excuse me, what's your name
You might also like
Tone Starks

Peace, I'm Gabby, well I gotta go, my husband is waitin'

But before I go, can I give you one last statement
You the most beautifullest queen, I ever seen
And I would love to have a thing like you, on my team, you take care

Any other day, I would of just let you, pass me by
Cuz I see you got situations
And I've got mine, but baby its OK
It's alright, I'm not gonna let you pass me by
Cuz this was love at first sight
Cuz this was love at first sight
It's OK

You can tell he must be on a mission
Because my heart has made it's decision
As soon as you stepped in my peripheral vision
I fell in love, sweet love
And no infatuated 3D glasses to see
That your the one I need
And the situation don't matter to me
Cuz this is love, it gotta be love
Love at first sight
Any other day, I would of just let you, pass me by
Cuz I see you got situations
And I've got mine, but baby its OK
It's alright, I'm not gonna let you pass me by
Cuz this was love at first sight
Cuz this was love at first sight
It's OK
Any other day, I would of just let you, pass me by
Cuz I see you got situations
And I've got mine, but baby its OK
It's alright, I'm not gonna let you pass me by
Cuz this was love at first sight
Cuz this was love at first sight
It's OK1Embed
This gonna be one of them shits right here, boy
Yeah baby, let's do it

Oh shit, look at miss thing, you done grew into a stallion
Girl, and still don't got no ring?
Back then, you was alot younger, now you older
Broke my heart, on what you had in the stroller
On the low, that could of been me, Huggie down
Fly and handsome, talk about little Starksky
With little Barkley's, little car seat
Two years later, here comes little Sharneese
I'm saying, are you involved, what's up with you?
And where homeboy at? Oh word, ya'll through?
Eff him, you know how I do, when I come through
Shut the whole block down like I got something to prove
But umm, besides the lane, you look the same
Still blowing beauty marks, sitting under your bang
Ankle bracelets, that Donna Kay shit
I saw one rope for your throat, yo, it cost about 8 chips
Hoodrats, they be wearing that fake shit
Like her, she wear the same bag, like it ain't shit
Pardon me, excuse my French
Just read my lips, girl, everything's me
You might also like
He's a goner, hey, you just say the word
Baby girl, I'm on that, hey, anything you need
Anything you want, want, hey, hey
Cuz he don't know I gotcha
Anything you need, I gotcha
Ooh, baby girl, I gotcha
He's a goner, hey, you just say the word
Baby girl, I'm on that, hey, anything you need
Anything you want, want, hey, hey
Cuz he don't know I gotcha
Anything you need, I gotcha
Ooh, baby girl, I gotcha
He's a goner

Yo, look around, everybody sipping on Rosette
All in our business, they wanna be nosey
He's with her, gonna be all in the streets, like a Jeep, tomorrow
Don't worry, let's breeze the bar
And in case I ain't tell you, those jeans is hard
And those is the snitches, mean mugging, can't fight
Run into the po-lice, fuck them niggas
I pull out, like a tooth, when the back is rotten
Finish 'em off, like your menstrual, after you spotting
Ghost can't complain, 5'6", swinging those hips
And my miss got me wanting to sing
Walking down the street, watching ladies
I got by watching you, watching you
I want you, like if I ain't got nothing to do
He's a goner, hey, you just say the word
Baby girl, I'm on that, hey, anything you need
Anything you want, want, hey, hey
Cuz he don't know I gotcha
Anything you need, I gotcha
Ooh, baby girl, I gotcha
He's a goner, hey, you just say the word
Baby girl, I'm on that, hey, anything you need
Anything you want, want, hey, hey
Cuz he don't know I gotcha
Anything you need, I gotcha
Ooh, baby girl, I gotcha
He's a goner

Somebody better call the cops
Cuz if that thing cock back, it's gon' pop
Once me stop moving, it ain't gon' stop
Whatever that girl wants, you know she got shopping
Somebody better check the swag
We rack up and never check the tags
We just stuffed it all in the bag
Oh, you mad? Well, too bad

He's a goner, hey, you just say the word
Baby girl, I'm on that, hey, anything you need
Anything you want, want, hey, hey
Cuz he don't know I gotcha
Anything you need, I gotcha
Ooh, baby girl, I gotcha
He's a goner, hey, you just say the word
Baby girl, I'm on that, hey, anything you need
Anything you want, want, hey, hey
Cuz he don't know I gotcha
Anything you need, I gotcha
Ooh, baby girl, I gotcha
He's a gonerEmbed
Yo (Yeah), new Ghostface! (True, indeed)
Glorious days, (True, indeed, God)
Check it out, y'all
We back, yes, yes, y'all (Fake roller derbies), yeah
Masked avengers, (We're here to sharpen your sword)
All praise is due, T.M.F., Wu-Tang Clan
Scream on it, Ghost (Ayo)

We at the weed gate waiting for Jake
We want eight ravioli bags, two thirsty villains yelling bellyaches
Heavyweight rhyme writers, hitting the grass that's the ripest
Pull out this kite from this white bitch
Talking 'bout, "Dear Ghost, you the only nigga I know
Like when the cops come, you never hide your toast"
Guest starred in mad shit, CBL, Ice Water metallic
Past tense placed in gold caskets
Dru Hill bitches, specialist lounging at the mosque
Suede kufi wrap, undercover dentist
Rhymes is made of garlic, never in the target when the NARCs hit
Rumor is you might start to spit
You nice, Lord, sweet daddy Grace, wind lifted on the dance floor
Makeover's free followed by gauze
Duncan Hines monument cakes, we never half-baked
Alaskan sesscapade, push your new court dates
Trauma, hands is like candy canes, lay my balls on ice
The branches in my weed be the vein
Swimsuit issue, darts sent truly from the heart, boo, I miss you
See daddy rock a wristful
Modern-day slave God, graveyard spells fog you goggles
Laying like needles in the hospital
Five steps to conquer, ask Bernadette, Baguette swizzle
Ziploc the air, hear thistle
You might also like
To my real bitches take your drawers off
To all my high niggas, snatch her skirt off
Just in case she wanna play, get up in that bitch face
And tell her Ghost said, "Take your clothes off"
Ayo, the Devil planted fear inside the black babies
Fifty cent sodas in the hood, they going crazy
Dead meat placed on the shelves, we eat cold cuts
Fast from the hog y'all and grow up (Grow up)
Ayo, crash through, break the glass, Tony with the goalie mask
That's the past, heavy ice Rollie laying on the dash
Love the grass, cauliflower hurting when I dumped the trash
Sour mash served in every glass up at the Wally Bash
Sunsplash, autograph blessing with your name slashed
Backdraft, four-pounders screaming with the pearly ash
Children fix the contrast as the sound clashes
Mrs. Dash, sprinkle with her icicle eyelash
Ask Cappa Pendergrass for backstage passes
Special guest, no more Johnny Blaze, Johnny Mathis
Acrobat, run up on that Love Jones actress
Distract the cat while I'm high, sugar, get a crack at this
Dicking down Oprah, jump rope, David Dinkins
Watch the black mayor of DC hit the mocha
Tangerine sofa, two super soakers in the Rover
Hit the sports bar, tell a young lady to bend over
Meditated yoga, Paddle Ball, dancing with the vulture
Castor Troy laying for Travolta
Yo, switch the lingo, five-nine-seventy
God glow, seven fifteen four be ebony
Ayo, the Devil planted fear inside the black babies
Fifty cent sodas in the hood, they going crazy
Dead meat placed on the shelves, we eat cold cuts
Fast from the hog y'all and grow up

Ayo, Wu-Tang Clan, T.M.F. in the motherfuckin' joint
We all connect as one
That's it, baby, straight up and down y'all, Staple-town, y'all
Yo, how many girls you gotta fuck, yo? One
Ah-hah, that's it? (Trey-Mack, what? Shaolin), yo
Staple-town, B (What?)
How many nuts you might bust? One
Haha, straight up and down (What?)
Take to drop a nigga, yo (What?)
How many shots? One
How many shots? I'm gunnin' for the dome
And it only takes one
That's it, word up
How many cakes we bake, y'all? One
Yo, yo, yo, how many L's we smoke? One
Hahaha, at a time, nigga
At a time, you know we do, at a time
Dope fiends, dummy
Like, like, like, like (One)
How many bags it take to get these dope fiends off that bullshit?
One12Embed
Yo, summer time, holdin' the nine, split the Vega in half
Jeeps rumble and my dogs puff grass
Bank stoppin', hide your rocks, hydraulic
The kid with the most knowledge will obtain and touch top dollars
Hold me down, hand me my cake
Dust and bake, activate
Fuck your corny debates
I'm like cake, or maybe like ten thousand dollar rabbits
The kid walked through, switch up his accent, now I'm from Paris
Cash the bill, frozen elements in gold
Signs from the most high causes me to break the mold
How the fuck was y'all niggas thinkin'?
You think I fell off the ledge?
The legendary Ghost Deini might be dead?
Never, impossible, pull out black burners like tonsils
Two Galants, hittin' if we got to
Bustin' at y'all niggas daily, wall to wall, hawkin'
Suckin' your teeth 'cause God chain-talkin'
Like Ghostface this, Ghostface that, Ghost sold crack
Now his revelations spoken through rap
Velour-ed down like the Sheikh of Iran
Gasoline CREAM wrapped in hospital bands
Model vans, Michael Davis, it's me against housing
Extraordinary pro-black, sold God creations to control thousands
Catch me at the flicks, Apollo rap Frederick Douglass
You know what? Aiyo, fuck this!
Aiyo, how can I move the crowd?
First of all, ain't no mistakes allowed
Here's the instructions, put it together
It's simple, ain't it? Well, quite clever
You might also like
Marvin, Marvin, you were a friend of mine
You stood for somethin', ugh
2Pac, Biggie, ohhhh, how we miss you so
We want y'all both to know
We really love you sooo

Aiyo, I'm Gucci down, Wally boots, Jamaican hat, long 4-pound
Ask niggas how I get down
Don't speak much, deluxe plush imaginations
Hold a note like Willie Hutch
You might've bumped into me on the Rikers bus
Weed in my cheeks, gem in my beauty sleep sleeve
Dead serious, knowledge by 2% triple geese
Come on, we juggle mics
Three Card Molly, amps advance to the final
Show these niggas how the way we dance
Hot night, Jamaica
Came through in a booger green '68 Pacer
Mad paper, high as a fuck, truck
Two rappers got stuck that night, I ain't saying no names
They know who, thank you for the chains
Outdoor event, New Year's Eve, Cali weed
30 seconds 'til we tear and decease
Quick, call my seeds, dipped in the crowd
The ho spotted me, he knew not to call my name out
He walked off softly, we exactly
Formed like Christ and his disciples
Black fatigues, lethal-faced doonie, he held the rifle
We had the whole shit shook
Your favorite rappers droppin' they drinks
On the low, tuckin' they links, we made eighty off the books
One of the illest since Magic Johnson, no disrespect
But metaphors'll keep me out the projects
Rap connects'll keep me correct
Aiyo, I wrote this on Donnie roof, after his funeral, on one knee
Thinkin' his killer's followin' me
So to my nigga Donnie, up there
Can you please tell God that we fucked up here?
You got beer, weed, guns, AIDS
All these obstacles, it's hard to make it nowadays
Why's the Devil winnin'? Some say it's our fault
If that's the answer, you know smokin' cause cancer
Let me drop a bracelet, leave a chain behind
My tape stay at the beginnin' 'cause that's how they rewind
Y'all know how we dine, we don't eat swine
And we don't drink wine
If you don't bring me some motherfuckin' cognac, I'll kill you!
I can't feel you, ain't in my senses, and you ain't in my dollars
I fuck with rottweilers, no leashes, no collars, brolic scholars
That's Ghost Deini!!3Embed
Mmm, oh, ugh, put it in
Yeah

You can put my, dick in your mouth and play with my nuts
But before I bust, babe, I think I'll cum in your butt
I got my, gun on the floor and I'm ready to fuck
Like it's nothing, it's nothing

Yo my, face is wet, got hair on my tongue
Cuz I'mma greedy nigga, absorb pussy juice like a sponge
Feel the pretty warm dick, rub it on your clit
Oh, right before I bust, I spray it on your tits
Switch you over, throw you to the side with one leg up
See the head slide in your hole, he stay up
Dick all shiny, helmet head bulging, smack it on your tooshie
When I hear the (click click) it's wet and it's gooshy
From behind, I'm a master mind, hundred fast ones
And slow it up, because I know how to fuck
Keep your pussy right there, don't move, ooh
Holla at your boy, baby, do what it do
I love fucking you, your pussy's the bomb (yeah)
Think about fucking this shit all day when I'm gone
Get up, suck that dick, spit on it, slob on that shit
More bubbles at the knob of that shit
It's my word, you'se a whore, taste good, right?
Turn around, get on all four
(You pulling my hair) Shut the fuck up
(Why you fucking me like that?) Shut the fuck up
This ain't no R&B dick, this hood
My slow jam dick is on Thursday's, if my sugar high
My dick don't get up, you know I'm the best
Just, shut your mouth up like you under arrest
I'm ready to cum (you ready to cum)
Yeah, keep it right (oh my gosh, my pussy is numb)
OK, just rub it up against your hole
Put your thumb in your mouth, and fuck me real slow
Look at me, yeah, baby, I'mma let that go
Tell me you love me (I love you, baby) Oh oh
You might also like
Oh shit, don't touch me, don't touch me
I said don't touch me, chill
Let me get a cigarette (you don't smoke, nigga)
Oh yeah, I forgot (haha) I love when you fuck me like that
I'mma go put up some work at the studio, though
But when I get back, have a little nurse outfit on
With the hat to the side, so I can bend you over
In that little desk we got in the room
In your thigh highs, word up, and I'mma stop at the Adel store
And get one of them little screaming O's
So you can sit your little clit on it and just
Let it buzz off all day (yeah) Knowhatimsaying, ma?
I'mma get the nine and moveEmbed
Yo, yo—
—'round the world today, the kilo is a measure
Oh, yo, Rae, I can't feel my face, my heart pounding and shit
A kilo is one thousand grams—it's easy to remember
Paranoid as a motherfucker right now—who the fuck—close them blinds and shit. Who that?
All around the world today, the kilo is a measure
Captain Kirk? What, it's the fucking Stark Enterprise, the Enterprise shit outside, or some shit?
A kilo is one thousand grams—it's easy to remember
I need some pussy, though—I'm ready to fuck Catwoman or something. F—Fuck it, let's go!

All around the world today, the kilo is a measure (Ayo, ayo, Shareefa, go to the store for me)
Whoever got the kilos got the candy, man
A kilo is one thousand grams—it's easy to remember (I need some razors and a fresh box of baggies)
You never catch the kid going hand-to-hand (The ones with ten in them)
All around the world today, the kilo is a measure (Ayo, son, turn that water down a little bit—just a little bit? Thank you)
Once you got the funds, you got the panties, man
A kilo is one thousand grams—it's easy to remember (I need two waters, a Dutch, and a cranberry Snapple)
Throughout I-95, I'm the handyman (Ayo)

Bricks, tar caps, powder, cooked up crack
Phones is tapped over Franklin stacks
Kingpins put in bullpens, old connects get paro'
Break out of town when the Jakes take down the pharoah
Reason: He was moving that Peruvian white
Blowing coolies in the hoopties, slamming cuties at nights
Big, heavy pots over hot stoves
Mayonnaise jars in water with rocks in them
Got my whole project out of order
A kilo is a thousand grams
Beige, gold, brown, dirty, fluffy, tan
Extract oil cut from Cuban plants
The chemists is brolic, Pyrex scholars
Professors at war over raw, killing partners for a million dollars
You might also like
All around the world today, the kilo is a measure
Whoever got the kilos got the candy, man
A kilo is one thousand grams—it's easy to remember
You never catch the kid going hand-to-hand
All around the world today, the kilo is a measure
Once you got the funds, you got the panties, man
A kilo is one thousand grams—it's easy to remember (Yeah)
Throughout I-95, I'm the handyman (Ayo)

Ayo, peace to those cooking that raw, powder-white
Get your sniff on, Scarface niggas, we getting right
Some call it "bricks," some call it "birds"
How many niggas get they lives tooken playing with shit, then catch a curve?
You would go to jail; get caught with this, niggas'll grow to fail
Stop playing, pot slaying, baking soda and scales
They lived like brothers—word life—connects discovered
Most niggas get hard from fucking with them pipes and hustlers
Kilos is one thousand grams
You know your ammo better be heavy, 'cause soon kids is coming in camo
Protect your land, daddy; I'm a announcer
You get caught with an ounce, it's over
Matter-fact, they taking you down, son

All around the world today, the kilo is a measure
Whoever got the kilos got the candy, man
A kilo is one thousand grams—it's easy to remember
You never catch the kid going hand-to-hand
All around the world today, the kilo is a measure
Once you got the funds, you got the panties, man
A kilo is one thousand grams—it's easy to remember
Throughout I-95, I'm the handyman (Yeah)
Some say a drug dealer's destiny is reaching a ki'
I'd rather be the man behind the door, supplying the streets
A hundred birds go out, looking like textbooks when they wrapped and stuffed
Four days later, straight cash, two million bucks
Strictly powder, no cut—your coke is vile, that's whats up
Y'all beefing over little shit, we sniff, the balance went up
In a plane or a penthouse, office or a warehouse
Tony got it nice, we never heard of any big droughts
Kilo is one thousand grams, a pile of sand is equivilant
To the eye, it's nice to have a thousand fans
Coke buyers, some be liars; therefore, you check for wires
Dedicated dealers, during holidays, we give 'em lighters

Red tops, blue tops, green tops, yellow tops
Purple tops, beige tops, white tops, grey tops
Black tops, clear tops, gold tops, pink tops
Silver tops, tan tops, aqua tops, orange tops
Tall tops, long tops, short tops, twelve-twelves
Fifty-eight fifty-eights, weed bags, Ziplocs
Big rocks, coke spots, two Glocks, one ox'
Crumbs chopped, hot pots, one plate, crack spot

All around the world today, the kilo is a measure
Whoever got the kilos got the candy, man
A kilo is one thousand grams—it's easy to remember
You never catch the kid going hand-to-hand
All around the world today, the kilo is a measure
Once you got the funds, you got the panties, man
A kilo is one thousand grams—it's easy to remember
Throughout I-95, I'm the handyman, handyman, handyman, handym—4Embed

One, two
Yeah, niggas don't know about Fatback
With the different color records they had back in the days
You know what I mean? The belt-driven turntables, the Technic joints
(With the slipmats)
Put nickels on the needles so the motherfuckin' record won't jump
The needle won't skip and shit
Gettin' juice from the fuckin' light poles
Shout out to the Bronx, nigga!

Aye, yo, this shit go way back like a Uni marker, kid
Bombing the D train and hit the Bronx up
Krylon bandits attack, Planet Rock, Bambaataa
Peace to Pelan discovering rap
And the DJ that made the first scratch
Paved the way for Flex, Mister Cee, 'nuff of them cats
See, this rap shit came at a time that was accurate
Twenty-something years later, I mastered it
Seen light poles get used for power
I was a little nigga
Couldn't stay out late, I was sour
So I sat by the window, heard the DJ cut
"Impeach the Pres", "Apache", and "Just Begun"
Otis Redding, "Tramp"
The music stopped, guess the system blew out one of his amps
It'd take a little while, then it come back on
Somebody stepped on the wire and shit, that's all
Now everybody's back in the groove, echo chamber
"Check one two, one two", that's my favorite
Strobe lights is live, Pink Champale
Little pink joints being lit up on the side
Couple niggas had two fives
Other than that, cleared a circle in the park and shoot five
Girls wore they Lees and jellies
Jordache and Lees, Tale Lords fit the fellys
Samster Barons and Kangol buckets, BVD's
Go with the Sergio's like, fuck it
Seen the stamp on that Crazy Eddie
Niggas coming back from the Funhouse dusted
Throwing bubbles on the wall
You might also like
We must remind you
Where this rap come from
Yes my brother, my sister
It's our duty, we must remind you
Hip hop was set out in the park
We used to do it out in the dark

Yo, it all started at the After Midnight, Philly, but walk with me
Mad niggas coming down from New York City
Prolly hit the skating rink USA
Banging Schoolly, "Gangster Boogie" and "PSK"
I remember shells, Gazelles, top tens, and lottos
Mega design, reefer smoke, Coqui nine bottles
84's from Atlantic City Gucci store
Linoleum break dancing, Rust-Oleum cans
I put the writing on the wall signed, "Truly yours"
Philly smashed '87 Music Seminar
Out on the battlefield like Pat Benatar
Kick the ball with Krown Rulers out of Camden
People Patty Duke-ing in the party, all cramped in
Around the time Flav started cold lamping
"Rebel Without a Pause" was the street anthem
Old Memorex cassette, tape collections
Bright spotlights on all the fights at the Spectrum
When the Fresh Fest come, leather bombers and sheepskins
Brothers would bust they guns to get one
MC Breeze, Disco C, Jazzy Jeff
Cash Money and Miz and Lady B
Everybody banging "Sucker MC's" in '83
I was South Philly like St. Charles and Crazy D
Them wild North Side Puerto Ricans would snuff you
Twenty deep in a Ford Escort, pumping the Tuff Crew
I used to follow my cousin, he was a buck too
"Y'all don't like how I'm living, well, fuck you!"
I been a G since a little kid
Sticking my head up into somebody's dollar party, getting into shit
And late nights, shoulda been in bed
Instead, I was running round with them downtown lemonheads
A little man, hanging where them grown women is
Under thirteen, seeing real strong images
And that's the reason for my real rap penmanship
That's where I started it, and that's where I'mma finish it
10Embed
Every girl that's guilty of waiting so long, sometime
So it seems like it doesn't make sense



Yeah, it was them cute pretty bitches that was smelling like coke
They kept going  like they had shit in they throats
They had stacks on the tables, cables
I had to say it was like early May
A few days 'til my birthday date, baby date
I'll play to the sucker DJ, looking like Enrique
Told him to throw in that Supreme Cliee-ente
He said just gave a nod with a thumbs-up wink
I just put down my dollar bill, took off my mink
Bartenders know we big spenders, gave us those mobster drinks
Sent us lobsters and cigars that stink
Playing them oldie-but-goodie classics, them honies had fat asses
Noses runnin' from the raw, they hid behind they glasses
Toney with the Montana, I came to play
With my long fingernail, your honey should pass that yay
Let me see what color you got boo, I got that beige
I see y'all from the perihperals, ladies far right from the stage
I'm 33, I look 26 with big furs on
What y'all inherit, the Santa Maria?
Y'all money that long?
Your father must have fell back when y'all started fucking
You asked me what I think about dude? I say "fuck him"
And this one bitch called me Fat Albert
The way my pockets had the mumps, you know that Ghost is 'bout it
Then I asked these young ladies do they buff helmets
They said "fuck you", took a sniff and then they didn't tell me
Just because you left home, this is Tone
Yo, you see I flip stones
Birthstone, you ain't grown fuck around and get boned
3 rich pretty young ladies lost at 6, Gucci kicks
And they picky when it come to they dick
If y'all ladies was all mine I'd teach you well
Free tales, sweet smells, eat well, hear bells
Before you sleep, read your books like it was my fanmail
And when you wake, you be a new woman, know the whole world can tell
Word life, put you to school when the clubs'll stop
College girl, pay for your books at 200 a pop
And all I ask in life's for you to be careful
Stay focused, take care of your health
Have kids and marry a prince
Good luck and happiness
And no longer shut yourself in, taste the pain, the sorrow
The sun'll shine and still come out tomorrow
And maybe be a secretary, business woman, 5th Ave., or run a library
You got the right conversation, education and looks
With the right intelligence to stay away from them crooks
Baby get on your feet, be an accountant, doctor, lawyer or nurses's aid
Computer wizard, you about to get paid
You might also like
Yea
You know I just met y'all
And I love y'all already and all that
But I gotta get off that nose candy
To make it in life and all that shit
That's why I'm here
I'm like a father figure and all that shit
I let y'all get high, and that's all you're going to do but
Ya'nawm sayin?
Cause I drop jewels all over the place
Y'all too pretty for that
Some of y'all nose hairs is burnt
I just want you to snap out of it
You know why? cause you's a5Embed
The sun don't shine it's hot here
The streets don't look the same but it's hot here


Godzilla bankroll, stones from Sierra Leone
Yo I ain’t got it all, that means I’m barely home
Trailblazer stay balling with vengeance
My arts is crafty darts, why y’all stuck on Laffy Taffy?
Wondering, how did y’all niggas get past me?
I been doing this before Nas dropped the Nasty
My Wallos I did ‘em up, them bricks I sent ‘em up
My raps y'all bit ‘em up, for that now stick ‘em up
10-4 good buddy, Tone got his money up
Worth millions, still bag your bitch looking bummy what
Y‘all staring at the angel of death
Liar liar pants on fire, you burning up like David Koresh
This is architect music, verbal street opera
Pop a Tec mad fluid, got the projects booming indeed
I ran through the Tunnel, terrorized speed
That’s when I was still in the jungle, slinging that D

Who want to battle the Don?
I’m James Bond in the Octagon with two razors
Bet y’all didn’t know I had a fake arm
I lost it, wild and raw before rap, I was gettin’ it on
Took a fat nigga out in like 40 seconds
My gun get hard wit a 45 steel erection
Eagle on, Kangol half-slanted, Coconut Ballys from Morocco
Guerilla medallions like Flavor Flav clock, yo
Niggas want me dead but they scared to step to me
Rip they guts out like a hysterectomy
When beef collide look on the flip by the penitentiary kite
Or get you bumped off from the inside
Jaws is hanging, frauds is left in they draws on the floor complaining
Bird ass nigga resemble Keenan Ivory Wayans
Stay in your place dirt poor rappers get shadow boxed for training
Y'all still eating bacon
You might also like


I’m like the deuce of diamonds cutting spades on a glass table
Half a mil’ on my left ankle
Terrycloth Guess shorts, robes is comfortable
Bring me a nice bitch, that means I’ll fuck with you
My swagger is Mick Jagger, stones is rolling
Prestige is cut to a T, spark when weed went up
The coca leaf is slightly damp
Sprouting in the backyard next to Gram Dukes’ tomato plants
And jets get chartered, marquee shit with the cars on it
The haters, they earl, run to the toilet and vomit
Back East, I’m a MC king since Cuban
Pretty Tone, Iron Man, Bulletproof and Supreme
Kufi on, double deuce in the jeans
My man shape was on the floor with the mother lode, both of them green
IBF, WBC, cruiserweight, title shots, and rap belts belong to D.C. 

Listen, I am bad, I said I am bad. I’m a bad man. I’m so bad sometimes I’s scare myself. Sometimes I look in the mirror and want to kiss myself I’m so pretty. Now who am I? (The man) Now who am I? (The man) Who? (The Man) That’s right and don’t y’all forget it…
Ladies and gentlemen!. The winner by consecutive knockout and still champion of the world…
(Ghost… face… Killah)
*Cheering in the background*5Embed
Eve or Da Brat?
Mary J Blige or Deborah Cox?
Missy Elliot or Heather B?
Who would you rather do a robbery with? -
Lady of Rage or Rah Digga?
Thelma Evans or Willona Woods?
Janet Wood or Chrissy Snow?
Naomi Campbell or Tyra Banks?
Nia Long or Halle Berry?You might also likeEmbed
Yeah, what's the deal? What's the deal y'all?
I need y'all niggas to buckle up one time
Fasten your seatbelts, I'ma take y'all on some real shit
This Theodore shit, y'all niggas know what time it is and shit
Y'know I mean? It's real motherfuckin' shit, you know

Yo, making moves back and forth uptown
60 dollars plus toll is the cab fee
Wintertime bubble goose, goose, clouds of smoke
Music blastin' and the Arab V blunted
Whip smelling like fish from 125th
Throwin' ketchup on my fries, hitting baseball spliffs
Back seat with my leg all stiff
Push the fuckin' seat up, tartar sauce on my S Dot kicks
Rocks is lit while I'm poppin' the clips
I'm ready for war, got to call the Cuban guys
Got the Montana booth in front of the store
Made my usual gun check, safety off, come on Frank
The moment is here, take your fuckin' hood off
And tell the driver to stay put
Fuck them niggas on the block they shook, most of them won't look
They frontin', they no crooks they fuck up they own jux
Look out for Jackson 5-0 'cause they on foot
Straight ahead is the doorway, see that lady with the shopping cart
She keep a shottie cocked in the hallway
Damn she look pretty old Ghost
She work for Kevin, she 'bout 77
She paid her dues when she smoked his brother in law at his bosses' wedding
Flew to Venezuela quickly when the big fed stepped in
3 o'clock, watch the kids, third floor, last door
You look paranoid that's why I can't juks with you
Why? Why you behind me leery?
Shakey Dog stutterin', when you got the bigger cooker on you
You is a crazy motherfucker, small Hoodie dude
Hilarious move, you on some Curly, Moe, Larry shit
Straight parry shit, Krispy Kreme
Cocaine, dead bodies, jail time you goin' carry it
Matter of fact, all the cash, I'ma carry it
Stash it in jelly and break it down at the Marriott
This is the spot, yo son your burner cocked?
These fuckin' maricons on the couch watchin' Sanford and Son
Passin' they rum, fried plantains and rice, big round onions on a T-bone steak
My stomach growling, yo I want some
Hold on, somebody's comin', get behind me, knock at the door
Act like you stickin' me up, put the joint to my face
Push me in quickly when the bitch open up
Remember you don't know me, blast him if he reach for his gun
Yo who goes there? Tony, Tony one second homie
No matter rain, sleet or snow you know you supposed to phone me
Off came the latch, Frank pushed me into the door
The door flew open, dude had his mouth open
Frozen, stood still with his heat bulgin'
Told him, "Freeze!" lay the fuck down and enjoy the moment
Frank snatched his gat, slapped him, asked him
Where's the cash, coke and the crack? Get to smokin' you fast
His wife stood up speakin' in Spanish, big tittie bitch holdin' the cannon
Ran in the kitchen, threw a shot
The kick in the four-fifth broke a bone in her wrist
And she dropped the heat, "Give up the coke!", but the bitch wouldn't listen
I'm on the floor like, "Holy shit!", watchin' my man Frank get busy
He zoned out, finished off my man's wiz
He let the pitbull out, big head Bruno with the little shark's teeth chargin'
Foamin' out the mouth, I'm scared
Frank screamin', blowin' shots in the air
Missin' his target, off the Frigidare, it grazed my ear
Killed that bullshit pit, ran to the bathroom butt first
Frank put two holes in the doorman's Sassoon
The coke's in the vacuum, got to the bathroom, faced his bad wounds
The big one had the centipede stab wound
Frank shot the skinny dude, laid him out
The bigger dude popped Frankie boy, played him out
To be continued...You might also like6Embed
Ayo, where the fuck is that blunt at?
Where y'all niggas hoggin' the shit, man?
Two pulls of that shit—nigga start gettin paranoid and shh
Get your fuckin, get your feet off my fuckin table nigga!
Fuck you think you at home, with your cheap fur on?
Shit look like it 'bout to bite somethin and shit nigga

It was the night before he got popped
Big jars of haze, Cheech and Chong bong in the spot
Tropicana strawberries diced bananas the long dookie fifth
Next to the Town House crackers Madden on, 2008, a G a game
I'm Ron O'Neil the love seat sunk deep
Lil niggas bussin off they punk heat
I'll make a massacre try to rob one of my donkeys
But I ain't wettin that
I don't wanna send nobody back, violate me, take a nap
Promise you got something lord that will honor you
Blow your lil head off while you're tying your shoe
But back in the kitchen Pyrex's
Occupied by the twins bank robbers with large records hard vests
86 got guards on Benetton rugbies and frames that fake guns when they rob ????
To them that's natural actual play the squib God we gettin at you
And we don't want to rap to you
It's not Kosher
It's not a code of La Costra Nostra to roast ya I get a little closer
Rock you to sleep like I got these little bitches come over
Hoping you fall for the bait thinking you safe
Had that ass sweating like T.D. Jakes
I want the ones nigga you non believers you can ask your momma
Now that's drama
You might also like
Dollar icy from papi with the scraper Glock with the laser
Trying my best not to pop yet but the drop is major
Shot my lil cuz I do my aunt the favor watch this
I never been this itchy hope these cops just
Get a doughnut urge and just splurge you got the nerve to play third
In a softball tournament round my way say that's your word you bird
I'll put your beak on a curb but anyway
Looks like a good game the pigs ain't leaving so I'm a lay
Nice play just too bad it's your last
Couple bundles of D and 200 cash to sack you in the grass
So watch the teams line up shake hands guess the games over
Faggot nigga hopped in a Liberty fake Range Rover
I'm on his tail like Sonic little shorty palming on a 40
Broad day I'm trying to dodge a cover story
Look like he stopping for gas I'm a pluck him yay
This had to be his most unlucky lucky day
2 brothers come out of 7 Eleven in army wear and stand there
Acting like my tires need air
He closed the gas cap too many things going his way
So I just stashed that you probably think I'm bugging but hey
I know them games in Lindsay Park is every Sunday he ain't going nowhere
I went home switched gear went out and grabbed me a beer
10 drinks later I'm at Burger King window for a Whopper
Look left and see partner I hit the stash blokka
Who the fuck you think you is Ron O'Neal?
Tat tat what the fuck when that 9 milli peel
Is it real realer than Pittsburgh steel
Yo Ghost pass the toast these niggas is daffodils
Got buck naked bitches counting half a mil gloves on
Fully dressed bitches watching them with they snubs on
While I'm in the kitchen pretending to be Raekwon
Watching Rachel Ray all day I get my cake on
Fiends love me like a Drake song
Rep that Louboutin bottom in my back pocket all day long
Black Wall Mafias Wu-Tang Sopranos
Niggas steady pushing keys but we don't see pianos
Niggas steady pushing Phantoms we don't see the opera
Niggas steady rocking dreads you ain't even Rasta
Take your New Era off and reveal
The faggot nigga you are or your cap getting peeled
Then we out to Brazil I know niggas in Negril
That'd chop your fucking head off and throw it on a grill
Take the gold out your mouth and throw it in they grill
Send a finger to your moms and let her know that it's real
Nigga we in the field like Chris Johnson
It's 2010 how the fuck we get 6 Thompsons
Top 10 how the fuck you gonna forget Compton
Every rapper on your list'll get their shit stomped in
I started soowoo I'm the reason for that 5 shit
Came in the game on that fucking Ready to Die shit
Sold 9 mil ended up with some fly shit
Naked pictures R&B bitches all in my Sidekick
How I be killin the pussy should be a hate crime
Got a BlackBerry was getting too much FaceTime
Back to fucking project bitches now I hate dimes
All they want is money my nigga I can't waste mine
I son niggas like it's day time
Grey cotton Louis sweat suit with the Ralph Lauren waist lines
Smooth as a baby's ass and I got that Baby cash
Catch me in the hood same deals Old Navy had
MotherfuckerEmbed
Holllllllld it!
Now you get out of here, I'm warning you
(You bastards can't push us around - wanna fight?)
I'll take you on

That nigga's twisted
Stop playin with that clip man
Close them fuckin blinds too man, y'knahmsayin?
Yo Don my man, get out of the stove man
Get away from the stove nigga
Stop playin man, the fuck is you talkin 'bout?
(Verse One: Raekwon)
I'm in the crib watchin Larry King Live, the new Guccis on
Refrigerator, smokin some kush, this nigga's a lighter
Swisher, becoming a roach, go get the glass ashtray
Pour the glass of Cru, tap the bottle then toast
Barrie took a sip for the cause, yeah my son
Soon to be 3, tried to fill his bottle then run
Then I got a collect call, heard niggas down the block is fighting
Some nigga got knifed up brawling
Heard the kid was 19, Little Infiniti too
His father worked up at the dealer he love Wu
They tried him for his Louis', son wasn't having it though
Yeah, yeah my nigga, the color of glue
Decided i'mma intervene, guess who tried to wild on me my nigga
This is like out of the blue
I'm in the Range stretch, jumped out, tucked the chain
Proceeded to talk to him, then you heard the heavy face slap
Think I broke my wrist, now I'm at the hospital vexed
Fucked up my writing hand, that's my check
Now I wanna kill this little nigga true
Only thing that stop my gun flaming cause he related to you
You might also like
Who? He ain't related to me
Just that I knew him for like 18 years until he violated, stealing my gear
If my lil' homey, yo he eat anything for me
Send him uptown, he get bagged, yo he never call me
Come home and still blow cats for me
Pump crack, stabbing all them hoodrat shorties
A live gunslinger well known, born to dance
When the heat is on, Stapleton days, shot himself in the groin
The gun went off, it looked like a flick
When he fell to the floor, holding his nuts, screaming "God damnit
Shit I put one in my balls, what the fuck y'all looking at me for?
Call the police, do something
Motherfuckers standing around, watch when I get better
All hell's gonna be terror
Death to you, you," he pointed at Red
I said chill, that's fam duke
He put real work in that make you puke, fuck that
But anyway son indeed, he stole two Polo rugbies
Swore to his dead mother, I couldn't take it
Yo Lord I knocked out his teeth
Now he's rocking those false joints like everything's peace1Embed
"Am I a good man? ..."
Take my hands out my pockets you can see my thumbs
Both of them turned green from counting the ones
Memorized by the glory, word life
Cut off niggas who killed good but couldn't do nothing for me
Shout 'em out every once in the blue
And kid yo, I never rocked with
Long as they keep away, we cool
I devised my own stimulus plan, I'm nigga-rich
I'm tired of eating those crumbs and black licorice
To free my mind on Friday, I cleanse in the mosque
Let the imam pray over my head and wash
Thoughts, sterilized, purified, Godly
Watch his gift manifest the green like barley
If that shit happen I'll feed his whole army
Talking 'bout the angels and peeps in Somali
Try to stay humble and swallow my pride
In God I trust, not talkin' 'bout the ones on your five
Crisp dollar billing, catch me in a little hut in Benin
Village style, feeding the children
Big pots of jasmine tea with Mandela
Africans chanting me on like Coachella
Ghostface Bumaye, Kumbaya my Lord
My death day, 24 karat tomb I lay
Wishing they could bury me next to the prophets
Nabi, Lut, Is'a, Musa, Hadrat Muhammad, Ibrahim
You might also like
"Am I a good man?" (I don't know)
"Am I a fool?" (We'll see)

The Lord takes me, gathering speeds before winds
High currents, distance, places be forming wings
Kings offering, thrones was there
Man with the seven crowns on his dome was near
Feet walked over rose petals sold from the ghetto
Face froze in gold like the pharaoh
Adorned in glory, robe of light, a power for his cherub
As He passed the path, white doves crossed the eyes of thugs
Eternal heartbeat and the dark fire in his blood
Seven hundred books were opened
Embraced to write, then threw the crooks in the ocean
Skin brass hair like it grew from goatskin
The chosen has spoken, tablets were broken
The smoke hand grabs an omen
Gravity grabbing me gradually, dragging me through Hell's cavity
This is blasphemy, I fell where the jackals feed
God felt bad for me but cast me in the Caspian Sea
Satan gave the dragon his key, Wu-Family's the faculty
K.P., K.P

"Am I a good man? Am I a fool?
"Am I?"
He used to sling in the stairwell
Fast to put the rap on a thinking cap, ignite your hair gel
No such thing as the fair sale
He'll put the bullet out same day, delivery airmail
And on this level a thug will sell your garbage
No refund, the only exchange from the cartridge
But the users just kept coming back with their life earnings
Ready to make a deal, soul and pipe burning
The outcome tragic, the household dramatic
Living rooms for heating spoons, basements for addicts
Support from a bean, hit the courts from a fiend
Who betrayed one, who had lit the torch for his team
So he sent them gifts, body parts per diem
In a box that held prints but too dark to see 'em2Embed
: What you doing on our turf punk?
: I got a message for Smokey
: Give it
: You Smokey, man?
: Give it!
: If you ain't Smokey it ain't your motherfucking message
: Motherfucker, I said give me the message!
: It's from Willie, in the slam
: Nigga, you been busted?
: Yeah, the man picked me up
: Well, I ain't got no fucking time to play with you. Now Give me the message
: Willie's in Warwick - doing one to three. Told me to tell y'all motherfuckers to keep cool. He be out one way or another, quick. Maybe I can stick around for a while?
: No that's out man! You know. What could we The lords do with a punk like you!?
: Kiss my ass, motherfucker
: Burn him!
: Just me and you, motherfucker, just me and you! I put trademarks around your fucking eye!

Yo, Gambino niggas who swipe theirs, deluxe rap cavaliers
Midgets who steal beers, give 'em theirs
Sit back jollyin'
My team be gaming like Three-card Molly and Drug Somalians pollying
Mittens raps they crocheting
Aiyo Iron, these niggas portraying but haven't been paying
For real, slide on these niggas like a fresh pair
Caesar fade style, usually tuck grenade
Throw a blade, fuck getting laid, guzzle this shit like Gatorade
Day to day Wallies half leather, half-suede
Connecting with the high stylist, dun
Light up a chalice, I run with nothing but the wildest, foulest
Come on now, long-dick style
Niggas on the hit out, aiyo Iron bite my shit out
Eventually, bust a rap gun mentally
Been doing this a century kid, shit's meant to be
Get on your knees and bless me with a gem in the Caribbean
Skiin' off white BM
Snatch Canadian cream with Scandinavians
Palladium style, play it like 32 Arabians
The greatest lesson is don't owe, you might get stole on
When I go bury me with velour on
You might also like
[They come to me, and understand, just let me get mines first. Then after I
Get mines, y'all can do what y'all wanna do. Fuck 'em up bad]

'Sho 'nuff, hit the Bank and thrust
Wu Nauticas Jamie Sommer got trained on the tour bus
We upgrade, swallow raw eggs, read the label
Hitting white-label, left the Winnebago unstable
Smooth sailing, walked in, my Earth start kneeling
Started stealing, I'm too ill
See we're grilling at the parlay, kicked up, mack, max motion
Michael Bolton magazine quote, I'm too potent
Louisville mix pain kill rap, fuck Benadryl
The violin in Knowledge God sounded ill
Tremendously obnoxious, no blotches
My telephone watch'll leave bartenders topless
Dead arm the prosecutor, smack the juror
Me and my girl'll run like Luke and Laura
We sit back on Malayan islands
Sipping mixed drinks out of broke coconut bowls, we wilding

Sit back jollyin' (ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha)
Sit back jollyin' (ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha, ah-ha)
Sit back jollyin'
My team be gamin' like three card Rolly an'
Drug Somalians pollyin'
Sit back jollyin'
My team be gamin' like three card Rolly an'
Drug Somalians pollyin'
Sit back
Deep meditation sound orientated, war the blizzard
Rap paramedical the wizard
Cappadonna, never catering to none
My microphone and three verse weigh a ton of slaughter
You order five thousand back across the water
My laboratory story keep me flowing with the glory
Acapella or deep dirty instrumental
I could blow the sky like the stormy wind blew
One gallon of wilding, Park Hill profiling
I cut your face a Buck 50 sure why you smiling?
For violating my position
I leave you smoked like a crackhead on a mission
Two tokes of mic dope, one stroke of elegance
Rated like the movie graphic told intelligence
Person to person, it be hard for you to take a trophy
You better off to get somebody out to try to smoke me
'Cause I'm PLO TKO every day
Dancehall General, party fanatic Colonel
Cappadonna son'a old school Disco Inferno
Veteran for rapping with the new set of Wu the hard rapping
'96 jive, I keep the live crowd clapping
When I bow, all praises due to Staten Isle
I spark the mic and Shaolin spark the Meth-Tical
Every evening, I have a by myself meeting
Thinking who's gonna be the next to catch a beating
From my mental slang and bitching rap twist the point of warfare
I brutalize, all competition catch hell here
Chance him, that's what they said, threw up a ransom
I jacked it, stripped the beat naked and packed it
Gimme my rewards
[The way I, the way I wanna get 'em. I want 'em gotten. I want 'em layin'
Out. I want 'em gotten. Cause niggas need to be got. He need to be
Taken off of here. That's right.]10Embed
That was the best fucking I ever had
Well, that's because you've been dealing with the Ace
You gotta leave? Where you going, sugar?
I got business to take care of
Oh, shit
Shit, that's my old man, shit
Better go talk to him
No smoke in the lungs, no smoke in the lungs, no smoke in the lungs, no smoke in the lungs
No smoke in the lungs, no smoke in the lungs, no smoke in the lungs, no smoke in the lungs

I'm mind shocking, body rocking
Earth shaking, money making
Sitting high, looking fly
I'm drinking on the best wine
Yo, bitch, I fucked your friend, yeah, you stink ho
I seen her on the elevator, honey grabbed my Kangol
She put me on to mega shit, 'bout to slap the bitch
She shot crazy verbal, I leaned back like I'm rich
It took place late night on February 17th
Hands flooded like ink, my face on her magazine
Just got back from Honolulu, pockets stacking beaucoup cash
Girlfriend sipped the Yoo-hoo and laughed, yo
While I was on tour, whore, you went to work
Quick fast, had a nigga dick in the dirt
You couldn't wait just to kidnap the bait of my sperm
Where was you at, ho? "Pinky house, she put in my perm"
That's all you ever said to me, thought that could hold me
Remember when I long-dicked you and broke your ovary?
You crab bitch, chicken-head ho, eating Harold's
I'm the first nigga that had you watching flicks by De Niro
You gained crazy points, baby, just being with god
Taught you how to eat the right foods, fast, and don't eat lard
I gave you Earth lessons, I came to you as a blessing
You didn't do the knowledge, what the god was manifesting
You sneaky fuck bitch, your ways and actions told it all
I fucked you while you was bleeding, held you down in malls
Sexually, you worshipped my di-dick like a cross
I had you freaked out, broke out, for a month you fell off
You was my main shit, my peeps showed you love on the strength
You saw how I got down, the way I thought had you tranqued
But you had to fuck this lobster-head ass nigga
I should've slapped him, but the gods said, "Chill"
That's your wiz fault, god, handle that in the lab
I'm wondering how many times your hot ass got stabbed
You dumb bitch, horny hot fuck from out the mountains
Your clientele is low ho, catch you next show, bro
I got jerked, gave away my pussy, that shit hurt
It feel like somebody died or shot your old Earth
But, fuck it, I fucked you on a chair with three legs
Broken tables, had you screaming while you was biting on my cables
We slid to the washing machine and threw it on spin
If your pussy dry, spit on my dick and put it in
My dick's the bomb, baby, marvelous hot steak
Plus, I'm conceited, Starks make the biggest ho call rape
I'm God Cipher Divine, love my pussy refined
That means clean, a FDS smell with a shine
You might also like
Word up, respect that, ho4Embed
My name is Knuckles nigga
Niggas call me Knuckles straight up
Yeah, My real name is Clyde man
Straight up and down man
Clyde Smith, nigga, I'm from the Wally Era, nigga
Straight up, and all my big niggas know
All my niggas that did all that time?
They know how I get down
When I come in, I come in
Straight up, P.O.'s all those niggas, salute me
They, listen man, straight up and down
Five boroughs and all that, I owns that, I owns that
And I'm a Staten Island nigga, straight up
Niggas see that, niggas be like "Yo, let him thru"
That's a made nigga right there
And he gonna punch you in the mouth if you say somethin slick
You see these shits right here?
I'm a die with these on, dig?
Yeah, that's right
And I'ma be up here for a minute
And I ain't goin nowhere
And I'm usin' that phone, and I'm have my little snacks and all that with me
And I dare a nigga to go in my locker
Because yo I'm not playin wit ya niggas man
I'm tellin, you
If you want some ask me for it
And if I like you like that
I'm a hold you down
Whether you think you gon try to on me, that Tom & Jerry shit on me
And have my fingers smashed on the ceiling
Never, never duke
I'm tellin you, I'm a snatch you up there
I'm a snatch you out that little Iceberg t-shirt you got on and that little platinum bullshit ass chain you got
Straight up, and your haircut game is fucked up
I too tired of niggas
Them niggas dudun dudun nigga
Straight up, yo that nigga 50 Cent?
That's yo, I don't even know why he try to do that little dumb ass shit
Right there
But I'm a tell you somethin
You could say all them other niggas name
But niggas, niggas gon see them based on that big daddy
I know why they ain't bark on you
Cuz they ain't try to let your new broke ass trying to come in the game
And act like they lettin you live off they scruff
Ok, you ain't even that big, dig?
And if I see you up in here
I'm a have about 500 wolves on you
And that's *kiss* that's word to everything, duke
You just fucked up, you fucked up bad
I don't even know man
Matter fact, I'm a kick you in ya ass and all that shit
Gon take ya little watch and all that
You know?
But yo like I said 50, you a bird and niggas gonna see you
Faggot ass niggaYou might also likeEmbed
You know what I'm sayin'? You on the corners and shit, ya know?
Just gotta be on some, hands-down shit, you know what I mean?
Just keepin' ya eyes and ears open at all times
While we rhyme and shine
For my dedicated niggas who love this shit, we doin' it like this
Word up, what's the phenomenon?
Carry on, Don, tranquilizin'

A-yo! Movin' on these niggas like they owe, so, bro
You know how we go, we go, shift 'em out like perico
Fine, protégés off top connectin' like a buildin'
Four dollar whylin' niggas buildin', savin' the children
Come on now, check out the view like a oceanfront
Slow-motion in cunt, takin' what we want
You know a kid Asiatic, holdin' power like a Craftmatic
You like your fish fried or battered? — That day, he ratted
Check out the rubies from Diana, jet-skiin' in Atlanta
Makin' some power moves out of Savannah
Yeah, rock them niggas like jewelry
Arabics movin' blow like aerobics — That's when his nose itch
Yeah, that means it's all in effect
I'm hittin' you, I'm hittin' Buddha
Out in Bermuda, send that twenty-shot Ruger
Continue to slam and mend you like a venue
Get all up in you, oh yeah, your friend too, respect Wu
Yeah, keep them faggot niggas watery
Rhyme for rich niggas who supported me
Shorty pussy extorted me
So it's a science now, RZA, cuttin' they pockets like scissors
Cindafella found him a Wally slipper
Splashin' ends in the glass Benz in Nevada
Flashin' gems, eight-and-a-half Timb state robber
All my life been on some foul shit besides kidnap a child shit
Get on some foul and proud shit
Cheatin' many Koreans, bein' all that I can be an'
Put down on thirty keys an' get to fleein', light up a tree an'
Don't be breezin' like a blow dryer
Yo, you's a liar like Jeremiah gamin' on the flyer
Yo, Barbarian niggas is carryin', thug drug marryin'
Hittin' Marion off at the Clarion
All my Spanish niggas love us
We movin' like Russia, bone crusher
At the flick, stick the usher
Broke niggas — spot 'em like Cascade in the street masquerade
Faster BladeYou might also like2Embed
Sometimes I feel like a motherless child
Yo, yo, guzzlin' forties (Let's get it on, fella), no doubt
The Wallabee champ comes back
Iron Man strikes back (Lou Diamonds, Tony Starks)
Raid your whole empire, no doubt

Rich man, poor man, read the headlines
Niggas gettin' murdered for spots and bigger dimes
Droughts and drug wars, living by gun law
Jail cats come home and want to take yours
As a young one, growin' up broke, me and my peoples
Had to sell coke, I guess we all in the same boat
Thinkin', plus drinkin' that ninety-proof
Layin' on the roof sayin', "We need a next man to shoot"

Sometimes I feel like a motherless child (Yo)

I know a rich kid who got hit for three bricks
Showin' off his 850 plush, what a nice whip
Young blood guzzlin' forties, hustled in the rain
Old Earth, shootin' dope in her veins
He never had it all, the kid loved basketball
Had a favorite song, "I Miss You", written by Aaron Hall
Now back to the original neighborhood criminals
Clockin' dollars by the hour like his digital
Styrofoam silencers, he rolled around with the
Wildin'-est niggas peelin' caps, known as the Islanders
From Staten, where crazy clips be clappin'
Slept in expensive gold spreads, threads made of satin
Labeled as the cow, he had crazy beef
Seen him at the flicks, he pulled out on Duke, Hez and Latief
But he fucked up, he shoulda kept it real and went for kill
'Cause if he don't, these niggas with black barrels will
But shit never calmed down, one day downtown
He dropped an ounce off, money had slept like a nightgown
He rolled up in the Albee Square, relaxed like he lived in there
Two kids was beamin' him, them niggas from the movie theatre
One had all Guess on, lookin' like he had a vest on
The other Pelle Pelle tucked with a firearm
Movin' slow, baseball hats crazy down low
Word life, God, this bookhead nigga gotta go
Oh, shit, bookhead just bought a five G head
A King Tut piece, about the size of Little Maurice
We got to get him baby, yo, cousin, count to ten
I'm runnin' in, my first instincts is they're returnin'
The time is now, walked in and pulled out
Remember me, the nigga from the UA and you pulled out?
Don't move, don't even flinch, fix 'em up
Drop the head, don't want to get blood on the Tut
He burped, I shot him, bitch screamed out, I'm robbin' him
Had to hit him ten more times, make sure I got him
Told the owner lay on the floor, shake the comedy
Granny came out blacked down with a half a shotty
I laughed, grab the King Tut head and the cash
Granny shot my man in his ass and broke mega glass
Damn, had to go out with a blast
I shot my way up out of the Albee, fast
You might also like
Sometimes I feel like a motherless child (Oh shit, what the fuck? Shit was horrible)
Sometimes I feel like a motherless child

Word up, you know how we do
Know what I'm sayin'? No doubt, check it out, y'all
'Nuff respect to my peoples
Bobby Steels on the tracks
Word up, you know what I'm sayin'?
On and on like that, y'all
Mickie Mirrors, understand the born, Reddy Red
Big Von, yeah, no doubt, now Von, yeah
Niggas know the half y'all
Veriano, niggas know
Killer Cage, y'all, word up, you know the half
Niggas on the Island, Rikers Island
Word up, one love niggas upstate
Yeah, check it out, y'all
Niggas know Lex Diamonds my right hand man, yo
Check it out3Embed
'What they give you, blood?'
Three months, man
Whatchu doin in here anyway? You oughta be home with your momma.  How old are you boy?'
Thirteen
'Thirteen? Damn, the bastards must be runnin' outta niggas to arrest.'

Yeah, ohh yeah, this goes out
To all the families that went through the struggle
(All that I got is you)
Yeah, from the heart
(And I'm so thankful I made it through)
It was all from the heart, everything was real

Yo, dwellin' in the past, flashbacks when I was young
Whoever thought that I'd have a baby girl and three sons
I'm goin' through this difficult stage, I find it hard to believe
Why my Old Earth had so many seeds
But she's her own woman, due to me I respect that
I saw life for what it's really worth and took a step back
Family ain't family no more, we used to play ball
Eggs after school, eat grits cause we was poor
Grab the pliers for the channel, fix the hanger on the TV
Rockin each others pants to school wasn't easy
We survived winters, snotty nosed with no coats
We kept it real, but the older brother still had jokes
Sadly, Daddy left me at the age of six
I didn't know nuttin' but mommy neatly packed his shit
She cried and grandma held the family down
I guess mommy wasn't strong enough, she just went down
Check it, fifteen of us in a three bedroom apartment
Roaches everywhere, cousins and aunts was there
Four in the bed, two at the foot, two at the head
I didn't like to sleep with Jon-Jon he peed the bed
Seven o'clock, pluckin' roaches out the cereal box
Some shared the same spoon, watchin' Saturday cartoons
Sugar water was our thing, every meal was no frill
In the summer, free lunch held us down like steel
And there was days I had to go to Tech's house with a note
Stating, "Gloria, can I borrow some food I'm dead broke"
So embarrasin' I couldn't stand to knock on they door
My friends might be laughin', I spent stamps in stores
Mommy where's the toilet paper, use the newspaper
Look Ms. Rose gave us a couch, she's the neighbor
Things was deep, my whole youth was sharper than cleats
Two brothers with muscular dystrophy, it killed me
But I remember this, moms would lick her finger tips
To wipe the cold out my eye before school with her spit
Case worker had her runnin' back to face to face
I caught a case, housin' tried to throw us out of our place
Sometimes I look up at the stars and analyze the sky
And ask myself was I meant to be here, why?
Yeah, yo
You might also like
All that I got is you
And I'm so thankful I made it through
All that I got is you
And I'm so thankful I made it through
All that I got is you (Word up mommy, I love you)
And I'm so thankful I made it through (Word up)
All that I got is you (It was all you, word)
And I'm so thankful I made it through (You brought me in like this)
Yeah

I sit and think about
All the times we did without dad
I always said I wouldn't cry
When I saw tears in your eyes
I understand that daddy's not here now
But some way or somehow, I will always be around, yeah
All the things that I did from this to them
Oh from drugs to being there
Being down and out and I love you always, oh

Yeah, you say
You see the universe, which consists of the sun moon and star
And them planets, that exist in my space
Like man woman and child
You understand?
We got to keep it real, and what reality
And reality will keep it real with us
I remember them good ol' days
Because see, that's the child I was
What made me the man I am today
See cause if you forget where you come from, heheh
You're never gonna make it where you're goin', aheh
Because you lost the reality of yourself
So take one stroll through your mind
And see what you will find
And you'll see a whole universe all over again
And again and again and again and again22Embed
It's on
Where your sparkle at kid?
(RZArector)

Yes the shit is raw coming at your door
Start to scream out loud, "Wu-Tang's back for more"
Yes the hour's four, I told you before
Prepare for mic fights (and plus the cold war)

This rhyme you digest through the RZA console
Ask why I slam Nine Diagram pole
Raekwon dropped the bomb, Hunchback Notre Dame
Golden Arms is bronze Buddha palm hit Qu'ran
It blows extreme, mainstream be the theme, supreme team
America's Cream Team, redeemed
Vidal Sassoon, chrome tones hear the moans of Al Capone
Gun POW to the dome and split the bone
Wig blown off the ledge by the alleged
Full-fledged, sledge RZA edge
One dose of my feroc' handheld trigger cuts
A capella spitting shell paralyse if you get touched
And critical mic cords, hanging like umbilical
Cords, dope swords, five star general
Raw be the quote rap style sore throat
Through the fully operational, hand held tote, mhm
You might also like
Yes the shit is raw coming at your door
Start to scream out loud, "Wu-Tang's back for more"

A hundred thousand times one, snatch up my styles get done
I hold a title, and here's how my belt was won, check it
Slick majestic, broke mics are left infected
Germs start to spread through your crew through lack of effort
You asked for it, shot up the jams like syringes
My technique alone blows doors straight off the hinges
Masked Avenger, I appear to blow your ear like wind
With a freestyle, sharper than the Indian spear
So sit back and let the king explore
Describe me, the kid's nice and he holds swords
And his name, black attack's the nerve like migraines
With more gains than beggars on trains, livid sharp pains
Poisonous Rebel like Deck, you can't destroy this
You get ambushed, skate, try to avoid this
Side effects of hot raps and hot tracks
A duffel bag full of guns son, dipped in black
My culture, glides and attacks you like a vulture
Ghostface in Madison Square is on your poster

Yes the shit is raw coming at your door
Start to scream out loud, "Wu-Tang's back for more"
Yes the hour's four, I told you before
Prepare for mic fights (and plus the cold war)
Be on the lookout for this mass murderous suspect
That fills more body bags than apartments in projects
And as far as the coroners know
The autopsy show it was a Shaolin blow
Put on by my family brought to the academy
Of the Wu and learnt how to
Fuck up your anatomy steadily, calm and deadly
Spatter-head lyrics I lick through your transmit
MCs submit to the will as I kill your
Juvenile freestyle, civilize the mental
Devils worship this like an icon
Bear-hugging mics with the grips of a python

Yes the shit is raw coming at your door
Start to scream out loud, "Wu-Tang's back for more"

You heard other raps before but kept waiting
For the Son of Song, I keep dancehalls strong
Beats never worthy of my cause, I prolong
Extravaganza, time sits still
No propaganda, be wary of the skill
As I bring forth the music, make love to your eardrum
Dedicated to rap nigga, beware of the fearsome
Lebanon Don, Malcolm X beat threat
CD massacre, murder to cassette
I blow the shop up, you ain't seen nothing yet
One man ran, tryna get away from it
Put your bifocal on, watch me a-cometh
Into your chamber like Freddy enter dream
Discombumberate your technique and your scheme
Four course applause, like a black dat to dat
You're stuck on stupid like I'm stuck on the map
Nowhere to go except next show bro
Entertaining motherfuckers can't stop O
In battling, you don't want me to start tattling
All up on the stage 'cause y'all snakes keep rattling
Bitch, you ain't got nothing on the rich
Every other day my whole dress code switch
So just in case you wanna clock me like Sherry
All y'all crab bitches ain't got to worry
Can't get a nigga like Don dime a dozen
Even if I'm smoked out I can't be scoped out
I'm too ill, I represent Park Hill
See my face on the twenty dollar bill
Cash it in, and get ten dollars back
The fat LP with Cappachino on the wax
Pass it in your thing, put valve up to twelve
Put all the other LPs back on the shelf
And smoke a blunt and dial 9-1-7
1-6-0-4-9-3-11
And you could get long dick hip-hop affection
I damage any MC who step in my direction
I'm Staten Island best son, fuck what you heard
Niggas still talking that shit is absurd
My repertoire, is U.S.S.R
P.L.O. style got thrown out the car
And ran over by the Method Man Jeep
Divine can't define my style is so deep
Like pussy, my low cut fade stay bushy
Like a porcupine, I part backs like a spine
Gut you like a blunt and reconstruct your design
I know you want to diss me, but I can read your mind
'Cause you weak in the knees like SWV
Tryna get a title like Wu Killa Bee
Kid change your habit, you know I'm friends with the Abbott
Me and RZA rhyme name printed in the tablet
Under vets, we paid our debts for mad years
Hibernate the sound and now we out like bears
In Born Power, born physically, power speaking
The truth in the song be the pro-black teaching12Embed
Chunky, ???, Brolic, Please be careful with my chains
Stop palyin games, It costs too much
The jewelry man said it might attract feds
The few men that wanted shit was found dead
See it's not a game, The power I possess is real
Wait up, Money caked up, Tape ducts and kill
Rock my gold bow, Polo robes, Scrooge McDuck shit
Uncle Ghost will download gold, Whether sixth floor Brooklyn house
Slid through quietly then took the house
Spazed out on the faggot then they moved me out
Hurry check the box office my new movie's out
I'm not feelin broke niggas that be frontin for nothin
Stuntin, Wanna rock Playboy I keep it comin
Word to Granny I'm quick to buck fifty somethin
I'll be right up on that ass like you sixty somethin
Come on


Hunnid Gs
Bone crusher, I'm like the hood's top celebrity
Long dick ya chick like my rap's longevity
Colder than a glass of ice cubes
I got 'em all in bad moods, stompin' on shoes, I never lose
I don't give a fuck about how you're feelin'
Got the roof on fire, legs to the ceilin'
Sexual healin', we throw on that Marvin Gaye shit
Got two black burners, that'll melt your facelift
Memory foam muffle the sound of the gun blast
My clan bring heat like the summer, check the forecast
We kamikazes, microphone aeronautics
We bounce off promoters like West Coast hydraulics
Narcotics, we keep a stash in the gun box
Right near the mask and the wig are the fake dreadlocks
Bumboclaat, box of ammo in the pocket
It's all fun and games 'til your eye's hangin' out your socket

Watch how you're talkin' to my goons, it's guerillas
Shooters, ruthless, all types of killers
Hunger Game shit, they're fightin' for block space
Box cutters, Gem Stars'll ox your face
Watch how you're talkin' to my goons, it's guerillas
Shooters, ruthless, all types of killers
Hunger Game shit, they're fightin' for block space
Box cutters, Gem Stars'll ox your face
You might also like
Hey yo, I got a problem with authority
Lawyers handle problems accordingly
They actin' like they pops wasn't callin' me
I gotta make sure my corner eat
Over the stove pot leaned to the side like I'm pourin' tea
Black man in a foreign V, emblem on the door and seats
Either you a hustler or a thief
All I needed was a quarter ki'
In the corner, me and my dawg regulated like Warren G
Sold it hot, but I bought it cheap
Got it from Miami back to P.A. like Ross and Meek
Huh, borrowed your bitch for a week
She hold my guns and bricks, I give her dick for a storage fee
You talk slick, but can't afford to be
And we don't call it beef until I'm sendin' hits where your daughters be
Step on work with foreign sneaks
Everything foreign so my bitch look like Kimora Lee

Watch how you're talkin' to my goons, it's guerillas
Shooters, ruthless, all types of killers
Hunger Game shit, they're fightin' for block space
Box cutters, Gem Stars'll ox your face
Watch how you're talkin' to my goons, it's guerillas
Shooters, ruthless, all types of killers
Hunger Game shit, they're fightin' for block space
Box cutters, Gem Stars'll ox your face
Yeah, bandana tied around the nozzle, pop pop!
The nozzle is the nostril of the Roscoe, pop pop!
Possibly I'm comin' across as hostile
You could be double-crossed by your apostle, that's the Pentecostal gospel
Black C.O.B. flag hangin' out the left side
Blowin' in the atmosphere, the atlas here is Westside
Ran up in the stash spot when I heard my connect died
His wife is Columbian, got Columbian neck tied
I went from roaches in the cereal to flowin' the most ferocious in your stereo
But culture vultures don't hear me though
Hotter than diseases that overdose the venereal
While bitches out here with a burnin' bush like the Moses miracle
Why the fuck would I touch a thot with some gonorrhea?
I give her the hammer, I call it a blammer, that's onomatopoeia
Go look it up, you don't read books enough
That's why Crooked's up in your Mamma Mia, I'm a G, nigga
(I'm a G, nigga)Embed
Yeah, yo, yo
Close your eyes, let the track just play on repeat
All I hear is the genius on this beat
So I cradled the word, street to blame, spice the lingo
Breaker-breaker, one-nine, copy that, Kinkos
Bagged up flamingo, gave her the Mandingo
Met her on the first, amazin', I bounced on cinco
No Coronas, no lime, no Spring Break tequila
Kissed the blue sued coat, a pair of Filas
All white shit, I like that Mike Ty shit, Punch Out
A chick'll suck dick and take her fronts out
No lunch out, no four-elevens
No Sunday at church, takin' flicks with the reverends
I gotta move baby, gotta date with the jeweler
Big shit, son slicked out like The Ruler
Don't test me, bulletproof vest me
I get crunchy, all chunky like a Nestle

Bars, lines, verbal wordplay
Spit, darts, sharp like a DJ
Keep cuttin' 'em, I call 'em the butcher
See your bitch on the street, but I'ma push up
Bars, lines, verbal wordplay
Spit, darts, sharp like a DJ
Keep cuttin' 'em, I call 'em the butcher
See your bitch on the street, but I'ma push up
You might also like
Yo, desperado designer, renaissance
Head of the wave, I freed the slaves
Lickin' shots up in the synagogue
Tramplin' the trendy, what up with all the Walmart models?
Frontin', gettin' over like counterfeit twenties
Switch topics, I crack atoms
And study how to transmutate metals with the talent to transform medallions
I came and lit it up from Spain to Libya
My next video should be shot in 
My  productive, my time managed
By nine planets, I shine equality, God illustrious
Make me wanna pop somethin', no champagne
Two fives on me, that's only if the pockets boney
Cannabis cups, to only spit like I'm sellin' dope
You couldn't visualize it with a dogan telescope
Knowledge I sprinkle it, with fresh trinkets
A man is what he think
If so I guess I be the most successful of my species
Tyrannosaurus mind, my outfit is forest fire
Grind, Gorgeous lord, the scoreboard is more than minds
Hold that chica, my pop-up shopas are lyin' around the corner
So loud like throwback sneakers

Bars, lines, verbal wordplay
Spit, darts, sharp like a DJ
Keep cuttin' 'em, I call 'em the butcher
See your bitch on the street, but I'ma push up
Bars, lines, verbal wordplay
Spit, darts, sharp like a DJ
Keep cuttin' 'em, I call 'em the butcher
See your bitch on the street, but I'ma push up
Clean my guns with God
I look down on niggas who I look up to
Blood pool, backstroke, Lord
 on coupe
Shrooms in the iceberg jean coat
Superdry speedboat, all black like Catwoman
Tryna go up, sniff a coke plant
That forty inch rifle, man
We loud, proud, liquor niggas
I used to rock the fat lace
Caesar with the moon halfway
I'm movin' like the wind breaks
Wu chain when the acid face
The time minds provoke thought, you stuck in a war
Y'all niggas only beefin' with time
A couple wine bottles was enough
Impressed your bitch, had a fuckin'  on her tits
She squirt like the star split
We all hit, and back flipped
Now that pussy like a mosh pit
Huh, Wolves jumpin' like Chris Bosh
Jumper in the fourth
You dealin' with the wave, love
Batcave killer, I'm writin' letters to silk, huh
Gandhi carpets you bleed on like milk
From Hempstead to killer hill
SwavoEmbed
Hey miss lady, maybe you can have my baby
Nice long flight, first class, out to Haiti
Even bake you cookies, throwin' frosting on that cakie
Get your Gucci bag steppin' outta Macy's with mad flavors
La-la-la-la la-la-la, ooh, ooh
Hey, excuse me
Excuse me, love, can I have a word wit'chu?
La-la-la-la la-la-la, ooh, ooh
Not to be rude though, you know, I mean I just seen't you
I just...you know

Miss lady, how you feelin'?
Can I have five seconds of your time?
I know this gonna sound like a line
But you the most beautifulest thing I seen all week
And I don't even know your name or how you speak
I won't forgive myself or cook me dinner
But I'll do it all for you if you give me a chance, boo
Come on now, we can spend Arabian Nights
I could take you to my mosque and we can pray all night
We could speak for hours, I admire your beauty
Smell your scent from across the room, it's so fruity
That Bath and Body Works, that hazelnut vanilla
I could fly you from across the country to Coachella
Couple massages, glass of wine in the sauna
I could walk you through my farm with trees of marijuana
We can laugh 'til the sun go down at dusk
All you gotta do is be honest and love our trust (Love our trust)
You might also like
Hey miss lady, maybe you can have my baby
Nice long flight, first class, out to Haiti
Even bake you cookies, throwin' frosting on the cakie
Gucci bags, mad flavors, steppin' outta Macy's, yeah
These fake niggas like to talk about it, yeah
Celebrate, we could pull a cork up out it
La-la-la-la la-la-la, ooh, ooh
Beef? You know we gon' walk up out it, yeah
Swagger, don't let me bring New York up out it, yeah

First class to the Bahamas, we was last at Benihana's
Sippin' Sake, sippin' properly while laughin, "Hahahahaha"
Girls don't bring no drama to my baby mama, uh-uh-uh
The entourage awaited while I ate it like a Baklava
Sometimes you my psychiatrist, others my philosopher
Feelings in my heart as deep as Phantom of the Opera
Heal me wit'cho cookin', you can be my doctor, herbalist
But I'ma be the one to keep you calm when it's turbulence
We was buyin' hella houses, we was territorial
Give you a tutorial, teach you somethin' historical
Tourin' through the Matrix, we was Neo and the Oracle
Watchin' sunsets on the beach, that's adorable
But oral deep and she was wetter than the coral reef
Scuba dive up in her raw and then she'll snore asleep
You my wavy lady, but really, you make me crazy
If we stay another day, we gon' make another baby, yeah
Hey miss lady, maybe you can have my baby
Nice long flight, first class, out to Haiti
Even bake you cookies, throwin' frosting on the cakie
Gucci bags, mad flavors, steppin' outta Macy's, yeah
These fake niggas like to talk about it, yeah
Celebrate, we could pull a cork up out it
La-la-la-la la-la-la, ooh, ooh
Beef? You know we gon' walk up out it
Swagger, don't let me bring New York up out it

Hey yo, I'm laid back, peepin' honey she doin' the most (Uh huh)
My headphones pumpin' that "Cherchez LaGhost" (Yeah)
My eyes all red from the garlic I smoked (Smooth)
I move, grabbin' her by her waist, I'm kissin' her cheek (Uh)
Yo, I was savage with my shit, nah, I ain't even speak (Yeah)
She wit' me right now, she been wit' me for a week (Week)
And ladies love 'Donna mic, the way that I teach (Teach)
Other cats give 'em dust and be feedin' 'em Anthrax (C'mon)
I cuddle wit' 'em, cook for 'em, buy 'em they land back (Yeah)
Hold 'em by the hand, kiss 'em and walk wit' 'em (Uh)
I love 'em up, I sit down and I talk wit' 'em (Yeah)
Travel 'round the world then I'm back to New York wit' 'em (Na'mean?)
Now all the fly ladies hold me tight when I'm fuckin' (Fuckin')
They hold me tight and suck my neck when I'm bustin' (Bustin')
My game is good but my rap is disgustin' (Disgustin')
I'm fuckin' chicks while I'm trapped in production (Production)
Hey miss lady, maybe you can have my baby
Nice long flight, first class, out to Haiti
Even bake you cookies, throwin' frosting on the cakie
Gucci bags, mad flavors, steppin' outta Macy's, yeah
These fake niggas like to talk about it, yeah
Celebrate, we could pull a cork up out it
La-la-la-la la-la-la, ooh, ooh
Beef? You know we gon' walk up out it
Swagger, don't let me bring New York up out it

Right about now the subject is the real hip-hop
You know what I'm sayin', yo, why y'all comin' bum-rushin' my spot, homes?
Know what I'm sayin'?
And thank you because now it's star time
Introducing, ladies and gentlemen, the young man that's had over 35 soul classics
(Big Daddy Kane)

I remember when I first tried to holla
When I was a just a shorty and I always tried to follow
You out the park gyms on a hot summer day
Never thinkin' you was gonna ever run away
You ran with a lot of cats, solo to a crew
But the whole thing about it, no one told you what to do
Independent like Destiny's Child but just in a while
I started seein' everyone addressin' you foul
Watch 'em all take a piece of, lyin' then deceit ya
A routine procedure of a musical geisha
And now you got accepted, it's runnin' your life
And got you turnin' tricks, minus none of 'em wife
You don't wanna be trife, you just tryin' just to be
What you like a mystery 'cause he don't know your history
It's kinda sad to see what money did to ya
I wish that we could take it back to the way I knew ya

Baby, I've done it again
Ooh baby, I've done it againEmbed
So I mean after over 25 years in the game
Man you got over a dozen albums
I mean what do you feel like, or how do you feel like
The game has changed from '93 'til now in your life

Man the game changed 'cause it's a new wave
It's a new wave for children that's up in the game
You know music is different
Radio is different
You know it ain't the same
Like if we would have come out with C.R.E.A.M. right now we never would have gotten played
Because all this would have blocked it
You know I mean even though it would have been dope
But it's like, there's so much other stuff that's out
There's like millions of rappers now
You know what I mean, back then we had to fight for our spot
We had to rhyme for it, you know what I mean
Like now you just go on the computer
And you can do anything and you gonna get views
You know what I mean, even if it's super whack
You might get like 5 million views off of super whack
Just something you doing stupid
You know what I mean so that's the difference
Back then it was like yo this is footwork
You know what I mean you gotta move the albumYou might also likeEmbed
I've been a lot of places
The very best of everything
Ayo, let these niggas know how I pop off, B
I've been a lot of places
Word up, man
Then take my card, my nigga (Yeah)
The very best of everything
Say yo

He was a serpent, too many foul moves was made
No love amongst the wicked, gotta get his head severed
I caught him in Miami, I was heavily armed
Blew a OZ of that blue dream, I'm ready and calm
Fiendin' just to do him dirty, already got the plan mapped out
Snatched him up and headed back to the hideout
Welcome, here's some exercise torture
This is everyday work, ice gold grillz with no smirks
Seen him frontin' with some skeezers
Actin' like he's a boss with no rank, pussy posin' as a leader
Had a bitch with me from the Island
A true man-eater slash diva, dark skinned Geneva
I sent her over, told her 'persuade 'em, walked him outside
Tossed him in the truck and then we slide
Got to the house, tied him up, plastic on the carpet
Tub full of piranhas, I threw him in and watched him holla
You might also like
Never the same (Your hood, the Gods bail)
Never the same (Your hood, the Gods bail)
Never the same (Your hood, the Gods bail) (Yeah)
Never the same (Your hood, the Gods spit the real) (Yo)

Cause hell on your receptionist, foreigner's pharmacist
You're all in my face, who wanna put a scar in it
Scarface, big tour bus with the bar in it
Jets with the escalator, steps with your moms in it
Electric stove, she holdin' my gold medal
Hairy chest, don't mistake me for Burt Reynolds
This is baller alert, confetti fallin'
I look taller with works, spit bars that stayed lodged in the earth
Keep my gun cryin', I don't mean Clark’s
When I say, yo, there's “so many dyin'”
Starks, second to last nigga on "Triumph"
Rob me, I'm comin' with bands, no lyin'
Step outside with that Michael aura
Me and my team jumpin' off yachts in Bora Bora
Hennessey Privilège, Tito's, goose water
Motion picture, screens crack when they record us

It's the same old bullshit, y'all respect ignorance
Niggas, I'll split ya fucking head with the quickness
Show and prove intelligence, back about my business
As far back as I can remember, it's been gangsta
Old Earth had to hustle hard to make it better
Kept a nickel plated .32 behind the dresser
Showed me where she kept it in case of any pressure
Friends all fresher, tired of havin' lesser
Workin' wasn't working, forty hours overtime, pockets still hurtin'
Big decision makin', knew a few Jamaicans
Brung me in, showed me how to win
Camoflage blend, watch for the shark fin
 I was at the  cypher circlin' the serpent
10% sellin' you a dream, fiends coming to cop
I won't stop 'til it's got, getting there
I won't stop 'til this cop getting it
Never the same (Your hood, the Gods bail)
Never the same (Your hood, the Gods bail)
Never the same (Your hood, the Gods bail)
Never the same (Your hood, the Gods spit the real)

When I see that guppy, I'ma give him the business
We all know he be talking to the witness
Smell the foulness, he a traitor and all that
He all out of a space, put him in his place
I can't give him the raise, I can see the Devil in his face
I'm in the hood comin' down the fire escape
A lot of cats can't see me, I'm the great ape
Machine gun in my hand, headed down the fire escape
Yo, Rae, if they dilate give, 'em a seda-date
'Cause tomorrow, I'ma be movin' to Cali
Gold teeth nigga, bring back Ballys
I'm out here pumpin' these motherfuckin' raps
Yo, Eighty, show these niggas what we do to the wax
Hip-hop, nigga, don't make me come out of my Starter hat
Blow all these fake niggas off the face of the map
And then I'ma hit cyclical up, call it the cartel
Doing hot shit, goin' through hell
Police popped my homie, now it's time to rebel
Real niggas, no matter what, don't tell
Never the same (Your hood, the Gods bail)
Never the same (Your hood, the Gods bail)
Never the same (Your hood, the Gods bail)
Never the same (Your hood, the Gods spit the real)
Never the same (Your hood, the Gods bail)
Never the same (Your hood, the Gods bail)
Never the same (Your hood, the Gods bail)
Never the same (Your hood, the Gods spit the real)2Embed
Let's get this money, yeah nigga
Uh, shit is rockstar shit
Radiohead and all them niggas with all them fly names
Yeah, Green Day, Van Halen, Metallica shit
Yeah, Ozzy, shout out to Ozzy

Yo, hey yo
Wallos is crisp the duffle bag got a straight mill
Black Gotti's dice em off in the grill
Party and bullshit, the gun got a full clip
Stop running your trap, you get yapped for that loose lip
Triple Goose look like an OJ glove
And them Gucci seats in the jet is nothing but love
Push come to shove
I'ma burn an half of ounce in the skylark
Ice cold Dos Equis, I don't fuck with the landshark
AMG  with the glass steering wheel
Petrified wood dash and the crystal windshield
White tire gold diamond flakes in the paint job
Shit's so sexy, when you look, you get your dick hard
Impeccable, I'm more than intellectual
Dart throwin' don that'll stir fry your vegetable
Tone Tana'll merk your grandmaw
For them dead presidents
You should never bite the hand paw
You might also like
I think I saw a ghost
Walking up and down the road
Going coast to coast
It won't stop until the lights turn off
Hanging on to memories
Well here you go, it's bad for me
I think I saw a ghost
I think I saw a ghost

And that's the word to my mother
I love the motherfucking game, I like my bird to be smothered
Apple juice Beamer at Costco's
Rock and roll shit still make you do the wop though
Leather pyjamas, the house shoes off white
If I wanna win the finals then I gotta call Mike
Floor seats, smoking on purple punch
The other funds stuffed in the safe way up at Oregon
Time for me to shit on the rap game
Range Rove cruise on train tracks in the rain
Face twisted when I'm cracking your frame
Gates missing when I lap on a plane
I may fracture your brain
Your girl's swimming, I still feel her wet weight
It's a drywall but the cactus remain
Vic Spencer now chilling at the function
This shit's so exclusive big Ghost ain't see it coming
Ayo Starks, man, give me some blue and green Wallies
I think I saw a ghost
Walking up and down the road
Going coast to coast
It won't stop until the lights turn off
Hanging on to memories
Well here you go, it's bad for me
I think I saw a ghost
I think I saw a ghost

Fiends they come out at dark
Rockstar like Linkin Park
Guns we gon' let 'em spark
Two tone like Ghost Clarks
Hoodie on like we stealing
Crowd look like Van Halen
Mixed with Public Enemy
Bus loads of chicks trailin'
White boys'll ride for me
Black boys that die for me
Only keep it gangsta so the fuck boys they hide from me
Too big to stage dive
Too rich to drink and drive
But I still do it, how the fuck am I still alive?
Rap on this dope guitar
Lights on like it's the law
Blue face, it's blue face the safe look like Avatar
Got bread for any car
Could buy out any bar
And I stand tall like Bruce and Abdul-Jabbar
Lyrically another level
Deep get another shovel
It's hard to hate on the god, so get another devil
Yeah, weed and liquor in my cup
Still middle fingers up
Wu-Block
I think I saw a ghost
Walking up and down the road
Going coast to coast
It won't stop until the lights turn off
Hanging on to memories
Well here you go, it's bad for me
I think I saw a ghost
I think I saw a ghost
Embed
Yo, Ghost Killah Lost Tapes. You hear that dusty shit? You hear that soul shit? You hear that fly shit? The man has been an inspiration to me and to millions and gillions of motherfuckers for years, one of a kind. There's only one Ghostface Killah; there's only one Pretty Toney; there's only one Starkey Love; there's only one Ghost Deini. Yo, from the bottom of my heart. What an honor, what a privilege to be walking you through the Ghostface Killah Lost Tapes. Michael Rapaport. Sincerely, sincerely this was— this was— this— yo, yo Deini this is my motherfucking privilege dude. This is my motherfucking honor dude. Asked me "Yo, would I be a part," I say where and when. There's no questions asked. To be a part of the Ghostface Killah shit, to be a part of some Ghostface Killah shit, to be a part of the Ghost— the Ghost Lost Tapes. Where and when? Sign me up, I'm ready to go. I'm out. DeiniYou might also likeEmbed
This nigga just bought eleven machine guns
And he brought them in my crib

Glittered out, stout face, tec, Rae up in the Hilton
Heard Nia Long is in the building
Penthouse fashion, ordered out room service
It looked bugged cause the waiter looked nervous
Lift off the lid, seen two shiny .38's aimed at the kid, what I do, duck!
Rae up in the shower singing, son don't know that it's real
Coming looking like he about peel something
In a tight jam, red down, matching like Santa
If I could just reach my hammer
He bust two shots, I played mice
Ran to the spot where the sun was at, quickly he was blinded by the ice
That's when Rae ran out of the back
Towel on, soap on his arms, spint duke around, fell on my lap
Yo, what the fuck happened?
It was a set up to get wet up
Starks you're bleeding
Nah, his blood fucked my white leather up
Ten G's down the drain
Yo hurry up, we got to get him up
Get the sheets son, let's fix him up
Lock the door, turn the TV off, your kicks is near the light switch
Just give me two minutes to iron my shirt, find my ices
The hit came quick, hit the jack, star six Ghost
Put down the phone stupid, wipe off your prints
Rae ran hysterically, slipped on soap
Landed on his back with his gat, now that's dope
We got three minutes, nobody seen shit, somebody might have heard shit
Singing on some Martin, where my momma bird shit
Fuck your socks, that's when we heard the door knock
Everything all right? Party here, sir, balloons popped
Threw this dude under the bed
A half dressed Raekwon, swallowing diamonds
Had money in juice up on his wedding day
The phone rang off, the tea kettle blew, wifey hitting me
What you want sweetie, lima beans and kidney
Trashed the beeper, slowly I reached for the reefer
Throw a Costa, peep oh son the house keeper
Soap suds dripping from his nuts, cut up gut
Praying how me make it out the telly untouched
You might also like
Fuck it, a Wesley Snipes movement on a Sunday in Bermuda
We laptop niggas, thugs in a computer
Caught up in the grimy shit
Finding two days later a murder and we got to make this flight shit
It was a Wesley Snipes movement on a Sunday in Bermuda
We laptop niggas, thugs in a computer
A Wesley Snipes movement on a Sunday in Bermuda
We laptop niggas, thugs in a computer

Ayo, the pressures on, sonny got murk, it's time to move fast
Ayo, Deini it's on, check out the news flash
Flew out the next day, back to the Tony estates
Blew on the first class flight to L.A
It ain't take long, I pulled a few strings on the horn
So where it came from? That nigga we stuck and took the caine from
We should have killed him when we had him
Yo I was holding a Magnum
Yeah we bagged him, but we let him slide in the wagon
His bad little brown ho, from out Chicago
She move his cargo, good at handling Roscoe's
We had our eyes closed, God, we should have seen it coming
He should have seen me coming, running out the showers gunning
Now that I figured it, she put the waiter on
It all came to me, in back of my mind, just like my favorite song
Dawned on me later on, by then the day was gone
How dare this nigga even think that he could take us on
Smoke the Cee Allah, sent the kite through the Pens
Him and Big Dan, known to split wigs, with razor sharp gems
Giants from Attica riots, Halls is quiet
CO's with babies on their arms look tight
And this nigga from down state got shipped up north
Stocky young fella, running his jibs on how he set it off
Then heard that shit, plus got that kite
Money got murdered in his bunk that night
Fuck it, a Wesley Snipes movement on a Sunday in Bermuda
We laptop niggas, thugs in a computer
Caught up in the grimy shit
Finding two days later a murder and we got to make this flight shit
It was a Wesley Snipes movement on a Sunday in Bermuda
We laptop niggas, thugs in a computer
A Wesley Snipes movement on a Sunday in Bermuda
We laptop niggas, thugs in a computer1Embed
Oh, yeah, motherfucker
It's real
Y'all niggas hold your guns
Throw your guns down, put 'em down

Yo, we in the fields with heat
You fake niggas eat kid meals to me
We street referees, we rock
Jean jackets, thick shirts over turtlenecks
Certified doctors in hoods that still oil techs
But wait, roll cameras, Babyface money blowin like Beech Nut
Call off the mutts, it's me again
Ghost, your host this evenin
(Ladies and gents I'd like to thank you all for comin out tonight)
Tux tight, all sharp, light up a bark, let's mingle
Fetch me a Remy Martin on Diamonds
Flare-leg Gucci joints, I never wore
I might give 'em to my brother-in-law
Fitzpatrick, rich bastard, worth more than Egyptian marrows
Borrow the God jewels, Gucci goggles
That's how the God do, Motown twenty-five
My orals like Smokey's voice, little moist, but choice
We guzzle Dom's, smoke with scratchy throats
Live on the edge, bracelets, shades and classy coats
Jumbo in the club, we play Columbo
Frosty the Snowman, frozen as the milky way
Ice on the floor, El-Producto in the sleeve
In the seam of his mink, he said he don't drink
Think before he talked, he walked like he ordered
Champ room down in Vegas
Vendin machines that shoot Alize', compliments of E&J
You might also like
The streets is rough out here
Crack game came and had its years
What is a man to do? (Brother)
(Stay true, stay true)
The streets is rough out here
Crack game came and had its years
What is a man to do? (Brother)
(Stay true, stay true)2Embed
Okay, yeah, yo yo
Son I walk down the block like it's '76
Pimp robe, fur hat just to match my kicks
And my chain's like 80 pounds of frozen ice
I got four bitches with me, no need to look twice
Throw rice at my feet, rose petals, Malaysian salt
I smoked two Cuban cigars and a Newport
An ounce of the blueberry, big bottle of Tito's
Count the plaques on the wall, like I sang for The Beatles
Went from label to label, changed my name to Clark Gabel
Tony Starkaroni probably fucked your aunt Mabel
In the stash house owned by El Patrón
Big friends in high places, always flyin' outta zones
Big banks in Sweden, vaults in Morocco
But my all time favorite is a Columbian taco

If I walk the walk, talk the talk, sling therapy
If I spit what I knew then the courts would burn me
Feds'll lock me up and throw away the key
But my word is bond, that's the code of the street
If I walk the walk, talk the talk, sling therapy
If I spit what I knew then the courts would burn me
Feds'll lock me up and throw away the key
But my word is bond, that's the code of the street
You might also like
Original, a lot of style, boom-pow
Blowin' on the pound, puh-puh-puh-puh-pow
Way up in the cloud
Misbehave the flav', now let me show you how
To maintain and sustain as I crush game
Smooth as silk with a little bit of Kush, mane
Plush game, lavish livin'
Bust on the pigs with bad intentions
Smoke dope, go for broke, young loc
The homie said 9-1-1 is a joke (Fuck tha police!)
And I believe that so I protect and serve
Every nigga on the block, that's my word
Cadillac drivin', stackin', providin'
Listen to the sounds of the sirens
I'm a O.G. nigga on a mission
Beans don't burn in the kitchen
I'm twistin' while dippin' and crippin'

If I walk the walk, talk the talk, sling therapy
If I spit what I knew then the courts would burn me
Feds'll lock me up and throw away the key
But my word is bond, that's the code of the street
If I walk the walk, talk the talk, sling therapy
If I spit what I knew then the courts would burn me
Feds'll lock me up and throw away the key
But my word is bond, that's the code of the street
Guard at the gate, live in a mansion
Rap career longer than an extension
Still hold it in court
Got my wine in the World Report
Or should I say the duPont REGISTRY?
If it ain't now, it will be
Grew up on purple, went from humble
Be bumpin' a bubble truck full of rumble
In a major way, E-40 cookin' out the double
Pot in the kitchen at all times
I'm a boss, still write my own rhymes
Been there, done it, been factor, trapper 'fore rapper
Been 100 from day one, quick thinker, fast reactor
Been a fixture, I don't think it's many left
Been the shit like your baby mama breath
Been in it for a while, benefittin'
Custom houses and cars is how I'm livin'

If I walk the walk, talk the talk, sling therapy
If I spit what I knew then the courts would burn me
Feds'll lock me up and throw away the key
But my word is bond, that's the code of the street
If I walk the walk, talk the talk, sling therapy
If I spit what I knew then the courts would burn me
Feds'll lock me up and throw away the key
But my word is bond, that's the code of the streetEmbed
Yeah... mm-hmm, yea... yea...
Yea... (what is it lord?) yo
 (Raekwon) {both}
Shootout in Stechman's, fire in the city {a block away}
(One of Rick shots hit Missy)
The reason why he did it, his tank {was on E}
(Crib got raided and lost) {about three}
Fifty in gear (ten in silverware) another sixty
{That was married to his neck, arm and ear}
Just got divorced, Stephanie left him for a ball player
Took the kids and moved to Georgia
(Should I be as a man-thinker, for every action) There's a re-action
Seeing his case, he started spazzing
Gamma len in my only Clark, green and yellow God-God
(Size nine Magic, show face, fucking with stars)
Craig Mack blowout, braided (You got the new shit son?)
Bet he find a way {to out date it}
(Timberland mineral was rusted, man made corruption, taylor made producton)
He had a seed in a Wally jumper, Ronny Bump nephew
Butt ass, balled up in a corner in a comforter
Paulette was his main wiz, she guzzled 99 bananas
Squeezing niggas dicks {in front of cameras}
(Light skin Lil' Kim, Chanel grim) One nigga hitting that
(This the shit that rich niggas dreamt
Rick brother Pazone'll be home, estimate 30 days, brolic arm) Fresh out the cage
{Do the story seem intriging? When P come home
Will he have all these niggas mouths bleeding?}
You might also like
The young black, travel to mix, we open eyes on a disc
Try to resist, reviving the rich
Airbrush money when we walk, most highly paid Cheeba hawk
Checking how he walk, tell a story lord
 (Ghostface Killah) {both}
Went down like Wednesday, Lounge gave a party at the way
{Seen armor truck money, everybody pay}
Niggas in the back watching, everything butter scotch
Kelly ass, bet if they dead it, it's watch
(Moving with the New Hampshire niggas) Ride them, catering
(Sleeping with them) {sneaky ass wizzes}
(Guess who appeared out the blue? Stark Drizzling)
Stood Pazone, laying in the Ac' with two women, how his whip look?
(The shit look dressy) Bend up vest piece (you know how his vest be)
Lavender bird, two inch beak, parakeet
Name Unique, who knew the 1 to the 40 in a week
12 o'clock on the diz-nock, we went to check the moon out
{Vibes I'm getting, I have to clear the room out}
Took his hat off, spiral (Used to be my idol)
{Thirty inch telephone} (Lip to his eyeball)
Playing a Bob mood, just answer out his pocket
{Real heavy} (Like he bought his rings from Liberace)
Had his parrot with him, Unique, you see these niggas fronting in here?
(Yo P, they pussy, with one gun in here, the music stop)
{Bitches drop} Shit jumped off by the bathroom
{Aiyo, oh shit, that's Sasoon}
(P jumped up, grabbed his ratchet, felt sorry for him
First shot was ill, clapped his parrot)
Blew him off son shoulder, so many feathers had the club coughing
{That's when Pazone lost it!} (He wigged out, crying, spit out
He's living like Dead Presidents, real life, he's letting it out)
It was a shotty that murdered pop
Guess who did it? {The slick young bitches on the stock}
Embed
Yeah
One two, one two, one two, America
It's ya boy Tony Starks
The Wallabee kingpin
You know I just like to shout out to good beats like this
You know what I mean, I wish I woulda had this a long time ago
I woulda demo'd this y'all
Check it out

Ayo
Ayo, check
Banging the sounds that I invent
Fake niggas, who tried to flex hard came and went
They couldn't match up
With the fly nigga with his back against the wall
Heads clock once I came in the door
I played the speaker, sippin' a Kahlúa
Saw this bad bitch with a switch and yo I had to step to her
In a manner
And rather, wish the camera was on
When I had reached her, I knew that the shit was on
Please excuse me, allow me to introduce myself
Yo, I'm the man, and honey you been rated top shelf
Yo what's your name hun, hair wrapped up in a bun
Your eyes sparkle, just like glass in the sun
Never diss 'em
It's hard for a brother just to miss 'em
Especially, when your browsing, going fishin'
Waistline banging like a bass line
Physical form is well complex
And yo I love your outline
Boo, your whole body is wild
With your rugged profile
Enough to make a hard rock smile
You can't strike out
Tell me what could really go wrong?
You're rocking labels
Tommy Hill down to Claiborne
Show me some love hun, show me some love boo
Show me the vibe and I'll be more than glad to shoot it through
Ayo, peep it
I know you love Victoria's Secret
And loving all the marvelous slang on how I freaked it
Plus, you're the type to make a nigga crash
Far from trash
Your flesh is way softer than a baby's ass
Your body lotion is the potion
The shit got me open like dust
And yo your  mad potent
We can go the distance, I'll put you under wings
From this  we can spark and see whatever brings
I walked a hot Arabian desert bare footed
I grabbed your hair, you grabbed my joint and knew where to put it
That's right y'all
Theodore for life
Wu-tang forever motherfuckerYou might also likeEmbed
Aiyyo, turn those lights down while I'm recording!
Matter 'fact y'all niggas get the fuck out the room, G!
Straight up! Sipping on that bullshit Budweiser!
Nah'mean yo.. what? Fuck you too, nigga!
'Kind of pants you got on motherfucker, Capris?!
Bitch ass nigga, go get ya feet done!
Eat a dick nigga!

Catch me in the 80's drop
Old school Mercedes with a brand new baby Glock
Right from my Lady's sock with two bodies on it
Capricorn, Aquarius
Lost so much blood, these bitch niggas in they periods
They say I be living the role, like 'Pac in Juice
And only fuck with fly bitches that can fly and boost
And they ears be chandeliers, lit up like a lamp, Who cares?!
They cooch is fierce, the only thing loose is hairs
That's right y'all, if a rap nigga say my name I'm a fight y'all
Fuck a state, light charge
My predicate status, irrelevant
My man got the big rap sheet that's outweighing two elephants
Jumbo shits from New Orleans
Players and Pimps that bit off Fiends
Quick, switch with the hands, Powder blue wally's is dyed, Vanilla Bally's is mean
Can't none of y'all motherfuckers fuck with my team, Uh!
You might also like
Aiyyo we the live niggas holding heat on the street corners
Sic the beasts on you, turn mothers to mourners
Money launderers, neighborhood coroners, place bodies in bags
Tango with dirty Cash, Cocaine jacks
"Kings of the Hill", out to blow like propane gas
Package the raw, Theodore, We got the game on smash
Cause we cut from the same cloth
Big guns ready to bang off
Slide off the cables and take the rings off!

We hold the weight of four Synagogues
Jelly'd uptown in them beat down rented cars
Going mad wetting 'em
Milk cash, heavy tecks, hood rats, sexing 'em
Paris crew, little dudes, please! I was repping 'em
Niggas couldn't come through (word)
That's when the block was like wallpaper, loved sticking niggas like crazy glue
Blackouts happened, God forbid don't be around!
The Bag Lady will murk you and let off in the next town!
She struck two times, get caught, good luck blood, it ain't no Heinz
Blow a hockey puck hole in the back of your spine
She put two cut up mirrors in the place of your eyes
So when the cops look they see theyselves, they all gonna die
Its the tale of the Crips and Bloods, pimps and thugs
Get your face bashed in on the concrete rug
On that note I'm a say peace!
Theodore! Word to Darryl Mack's teeth!

Yo, Ayo I'll break every bone in your wrist
Smack you in the back of your head on the block while you holding your dick
My semi, they call it the crouching tiger
A hundred bowls of Total is trash, because my lead eat through fibers
Peel your potato like Ore-Ida
On the day of your death people had candles but couldn't find no lighter
Fuck your mural! Fuck your hood!
You ain't a street legend like me!
Blake Carrington holding the Dynasty
I muffle motherfuckers up like Meineke
And write a thousand bar verse that all rhymes with "E"
Jewel thief, Shizzam bangles, in the vault deep
And cruising deserts mad heavy into salt treats
I'm the taste in Bush's mouth, nasty
Afghanistan missions, gun training in the grassy fatigues
Picking niggas off by the Red Sea
And did it all for Ghost, sniffing on caffeine!Embed
"There's no coke
What?
You heard me you dumb fuck, there's no coke
What the fuck do you mean there's no coke?
I've been up and down this ship
I've been in every fucking room
There's gotta be coke
There is nothing, nothing."
*heavy panting*
Help PLEASE!
*panting continues*
Help me!
*gunshot*

It's assassination day, I stalk

I move through the Third World, my third eye's the guiding light
Invite the fight, we all die tonight
The life I live's a 25 to life bid
Parole reneged, I stroll the globe fugitive
Cream is short, Cee Cipher Power stalk, plus the fiend talk
3 Gs the cost in Supreme Court
White lies and blackmail land me back in jail
We're all for sale, a stolen goal but it fail
Stranded on the front line, I shine to the dumb and blind
It comes time I take back what was once mine
Crunch time in the first quarter, from the worst slaughter
Devil's poisoning the birth water
The earth daughter rest her head on my chest
Through the struggle we cuddle under half-moon crest
While the press plant fear and exploit the gun blasting
Central broadcasting is shackling, nerves are unfastened
Trapped in deep water, gasping
I clash with the titans for my half on the action
You might also like
I stop producers careers, the weak spot was the ears
Scorpion darts hits the mark, pierce the heart with silver spears
You're bewildered, my unsaturated, low filtered
Devils still feel this so you're living built tilted
MCs upon their axis, their body hazard tactic
Lactic acid, desert dry cactus, practice
You can never match this invincible, Wu-Tang indispensable
One nation under God, indivisible with liberty and justice
The mic is in my clutches
Thugs who bring ruckus leave in crutches
Unforgivable snakes face the double-edged swords starts to swivel
Decapitates the head, makes the projects more livable
Interchangeable, caution: flammable
My chamber is 99 plus 1  unnameable angles
And strangles, microphone cords start to dangle
Silent as the gases that pass throughout your anal
We creep through your doors
Seep out like sweat through the pores
Destroy your internal organs with the biological warfare

First of all before we move on, this shit is like a Yukon, don
Spread it out like Grey Poupon
Splurging, merging in the suburbs
Using this just like an adverb, action word, flowing like a blackbird
God came in, aiming like Terry Bradshaw
He hit the crash bar, stay relaxed God, his shit is smashed, Pa
You handle this just like algebra, UFO spot 'em like Galaga
Holding like bullet-proof Acuras
You so fly, yeah right, you want to get me high, yo, Bobby
You hear how I'm shooting it like they blue tops
No, you won't play me like your lady
Pay me 380, spit it at you like a baby, final destination, Hades
War's extremely serious and it saddens me
To have to take things to deadly measures
And have you measured and shot for no pay
It's assassination day I stalk my enemy like prey
Tranqued by deceptional sounds that deceives
And lures MCs to the lair
With a mic-like bait, then awaits to be bitten by greed
Temptation tempts my victim to proceed
Forward, ignorance wouldn't allow retreat
You'd rather pursue death than admit defeat
Now who's best to describe for what I specialize in
Murderous rhyming, constantly inclining
My mind spits with an enormous kickback
Your brain then absorbs the impact
Disorderly conduct from the crowd is the feedback

It's assassination day, I stalk8Embed
Do you wanna see it?
Do you wanna see it?
I'm gonna do it for ya
I'm gonna do it for ya
I'm gonna do it for ya
I'm gonna do it for ya
New Ghostface!

Yo deep in the trenches
Wig, young black green beret
Chrome laser guns blazing at spades
Wallabies, cherry noose, kool-aid
10 niggas call it Tai-Chi
Black blades, one hundred dollar seats
Hold up, we at the opera, Queen Elizabeth rub on my leg
Had ketchup on her dress from a whopper
Chunky ass necklace, must be her birthstone
John Paul cop the biggest stones outta Rome
So Charles, eyes up on her prince, fucking with Diana
Two rows across, Dirty giving hickeys to Vianna White
Fingering Pamela Lee, we on the balcony
Dare one of y'all to Malcolm X me
Somebody might catch a Kennedy
Yo let me adjust my lens through these binoculars
I paid 5 g's sliding off like Kid Vitamin
Viking, patriot of Broad Street
Bet you think I'm laying like a hyphen
You might also like
Tony Starks make the narc's dogs bark
With the Benz parked, up against the boulevard
Starks had the bone sparked
One cop tapped the window glass like a cymbal crash
"What the fuck son! You trying to break glass?"
He flashed his badge; "License and registrations"
At that moment, his fat partner started chasin'
Chicken heads they was racing wit' they hearts pacin'
For snatching gold, trying' to dip into the god's basement
Our location, lead steel shed spread
Cracked shorty head, left sweetie there for dead
Ghetto poodles, fingers sticky from cheese doodles
Starving' for a 50 cent bag of Oodles and Noodles
Neighborhood sick wit' it, Clinton 'bout to cut WIC
Maybe one ya'll rich rap niggas need to politick
Reach for the sky, they throw bleach in your eye
Don't teach you why, you be keeping 'em high
Dipped like an Oreo cookie in cold milk, bold silk
Gold-filled cap, Wu wear hat, low tilt
True Islamic, we speak verbal rhyme phonics
Why ya'll trying to change this hip hop to technotronics?

Don't go against the grain (the grain)
Don't go against the grain (the grain)
Don't go against the grain (the grain)
Girl, because of you I'm hurting
Within my, within my heart
I know it's not right to be flirting
But a relationship has to start
You're the one that I'm clocking
It's time for you to start jocking
Don't want you to see me cry
This is why this is why this is why

I met this girl named Rhonda from way down yonder
Hey yo god don't fuck with her
I met this girl named Liz she was all in the biz
Hey yo lord don't fuck with her
I rocked a ho named Tina from the heart of Medina
Hey yo kid don't fuck with her
Yea that girl Kit Kat, she got the good poody-cat
Hey yo nigga you better fuck with her!1Embed
Yo, straight out the ghetto, I'm damn hood
I stack a dollar like a whole rack of canned goods
Baggy jeans, no Timbs, ACG boots
Livin' in the crack spot, bangin' that Sheek Louch
The narcotics is far from garbage
Whether it's cold or it's late August
My shit is fresh cuz I catch the hottest
My little cousin bubble swatches and carry a couple oxes
Keep a deuce deuce by his ankle and get it poppin'
You know, we be the boys clockin' the graveyard shift
Big bubbles, countin' the cream, burnin' the lazar spliff
My man jumps out the whip with the AR 5th
And we ball from plenties of parties, 'cause we start shit
Parole holes, six months in the box
My little sister got her head shaved off
She made it home from shock
We sellin cartons, Pampers, Similac formula
Anything you take because the paper keep callin ya
Gangsters keep ballin fosho, we want more
We make it rain from the tech and the wop
The next coroner priests don't have enough cups for us
To slow us up, they hit us with dusk
Then they rush-bust, my man Big Ron will break the cuffs
300 pound nigga, po-po has to fuck him up
They say that my projects should undergo therapy
We never voted, we votin' for Oprah, Obama, and Eric B
You might also like
Guns imported from Duval
Wheelchairs and shit bags
Peach Snapples and pretty scalpels, renaissance
I'll stick a pick in ya gut at the chapel
I'll blow a nigga for a box of Huggies
Cop-killers with a box of dummies
Dummies, stuck to the project floors
Niggas is suited up and we ready for war

It's the Broad Street Bully and the Killah with no Face
My mac bullets burn like tequila with no chase, yeah!
My knife work like the guillotine sword, cutting niggas
Stop frontin' for my killa bee swarm, something
Empty out the whole clip and reload
Shotgun barrel leave it smoking like a broke stove
Yeah, and I'm all about that bullshit
The casket, the hearse, and the pastor in the pulpit
I kill a nigga at the drop of a dime
Just imagine what I'd do for a quarter
Ain't no tellin what I'd do for a dollar
Pop a nigga right in front of his mama
Son a nigga right in front of his daughter
And I'm nothing like your father
You couldn't come from these nuts I got
And C. Baltimore sucked this cock
I know most of y'all wouldn't understand
Get it? Understand?
Yeah some niggas will and some niggas won't
Like some niggas kill and some niggas don't (uh-uh)
You's a fake-it-'til-you-make-it of nigga
I'm a straight-up-take-it type of nigga
Pistol-whip-a-nigga-'til-I-break-it type of nigga
I'm hard on chumps, most of these dudes is fags
Put the guarder on pumps, push the broom up they ass
Or the knife like American me, American Sig' is Muslim
So I ain't feelin Bush overseas
I think with the wisdom of Malcolm, got the soul of a Panther
So by any means is the anthem
You gonna have to cut me out the track like cancer
I can't stop, won't stop
This how we do it from Philly to ShaolinEmbed
Yo, too advanced, Digi' stance, made the CD enhanced
I move with the speed and strength of ants
Identical in form with the Bees they swarm
Hold up, the cold current appear warm
My first verbal brawl, started on some yes yes y'all
To the beat y'all, break your windshield, your jeep stall
Mr. Traffic, dumbin' shit, from ecclesiastic
Cashier, holdin' out, fine, cut off the plastic
See the logo? A monument in Hip Hop
Carved out, in the giant landscape, of broken rocks
Whether heard in herb spots, jukebox or malt shops
Uncut live, drop eighty-five, in one shot
Spotlight hits the metal mic, majority stare
Heard the Wu snare, while my iris cut down the glare
Walk a road the great length you find too long to measure
My Clan'll make me rhyme like D. Banner under pressure
No surprise, double disc touched five
Those elements, kept environments colonized
With the high flyin' death-defyin' flow like the Rebel
Right there, but you're one light year, from my level

Uh-huh.. yeah.. yo.. check it.. yo..
Bottles goin' off in the church, we broke the wine
Slapped the pastor, didn't know Pop had asthma
He pulled out his blue bible, change fell out his coat
Three condoms, two dice, one bag of dope
Oooh! Rev. ain't right, his church ain't right
Deacon is a pimp, tell by his ice
Mrs. Parks said, "Brother Starks, meet you at the numbers spot
Heard you got red tops out, and I want a lot"
Shirley fainted dead on the spot
Two ushers slipped eighty dollars right out the pot
Oh shit!
You might also like
Egyptian, brown skin brown suede Timbs
Masqueradin' X-rated throw blades, all occasions
Round nozzle touchdown, Haagen-Dazs goggles White House
Gucci flag on the roof, call us rock groups
Mere intelligent, buy Neiman Marcus out
No doubt, all we saw he bought, Lori mom's all blow
Was simple, blamp instrumentals run camps the stamps get you
The way we lamp, fans come and get you
Play, fullback strapped like a fuck, war at
The black, Carlo Gambino's stash house in Hackensack
Pack capsules, Green Bay 'em lay 'em down like wax do
It's all actual we build, like Crash Crew
Coconut, incense, one sentence, aiyyo
Control the holy flinch hit this, new whips
Roman numerals, sun splash them niggas like, Tango and Cash
Alcatraz cats roll out fast..

Wu thousand nuthin' but hardcore
We tryin to get land riches and more
Ghost put me on to it
We just do it, floss or whatever
Take care of the business, there's too many roughnecks
Give two of these to Flex, tell him it's real rap like Ghost
Had to beat niggas with toast
'Cause we got clientele, we lay it down flat
Pulled out on y'all kid, now where your mans at?
Fakin' the real like, "Damn I can't stand Cappa'"
Then my wardrobe flooded the next chapter
Y'all heard about us like we heard about you
Bless the mic with reality, hit you with the virtue
Calm down not tryin' to hurt you, burst through
Fat shit, fatter than all y'all nigga’s outfits
We the glitch like Y2K
Catch the ball when it drop, guns pop, y'all have a nice day
Doctor Kanabuta, Iron Man, he is invincible
His remarkable armor is supreme!

Yo, sometimes I'm liable to spaz and break fool
Grab my gun, select one, snatch son
Put the barrel by his face, blast one by his eardrum
Piss run, you drop thinkin' you're shot
Screamin' like a bitch, kicks to your face
Shots to the body that shake like the bass
I'm Ghostfaced up, military style down
Nuff ammunitions of rounds across the chest

Skip to the intro, rap through post
Smashed a fresh ball of wax Caesar
Flashy penthouse that overlooks the vista
Wally Moc' half tied, swimmin' trunks
Three chunks of ice sit in Johnny Walker for advice
Catch the moment, fundraiser at will, work with the homeless
Polish diamond edge, Flintstone shit, sealed in a comb pick
Carefully, swing the B seven series Christmas lights
Too bright, Ghost is comin' y'all fix the mirrors
Relax like pudding, confidence strangle my man couldn't
Exile he no longer in the hood
Bless the kid that max the most
Me I turn a wedding into hoax
Roses tied to bombs on posts
On commercial breaks, piss in the apple juice
Rasta nigga rock the big do's
Jiffy Pop it's only chant Wu7Embed
We are the G-O-D's
And we came to rock the spot like Iron Man Starks
They be the illest emcees in the world today
Cappa, Raekwon and the R-Z-A
So listen to them clear, and put the box right near your ear
Light your blunts and down your beers
'Cause you could never fuck with Wu-Tang Killer Beez
"From where we at to my man's cell
From where we at—"
Say peace to cats who rock MAC Knowledge Knowledges
Street astrologists, light up the mic, God — acknowledge this
Fly joints that carry two points, Corolla Motorola holder
Play it, God, E-pack over the shoulder
Chrome tanks, player like Yanks, check the franchise
Front on my guys, my enterprise splash many lives
Repel all fakes like reflectors
He had sugar in his ear in his last crack career
We can can him, manhandle him, if you wanna
Run in his crib-o, get ditto, skate like a limo
And jet to the flyest estate, relate, take a break
Break down an eighth and then wait, drop it like Dre
Thugs they be booin' and screwin', we canoein'
Claim they doin' the same shit we doin' — fuck the union!
It's the same style, RZA train, aboard, jump the turnstile
On the Isle, he tried to challenge God for the new Bal's
Especially that, aluminum bat in the Ac'
Relax, lay back, sell a grenade a day — it pays, black!
The MAC-10 flex, wipe cats like Windex
Index finger be sore bustin' these fly scripts
The Wally kid count crazily, grands revive lands
Layin' with my bitches and my mans in Lex Lands
We losin' 'em, jet to the stash in Now Jerusalem
Abusin' 'em, rockin' his jewels like we usin' 'em
Low-pro star, seven thick waves rock Polar
Roll with the older God, build with the Sun, Moon and Star
You might also like
All you's MC's start realizin'
That Ghost got that shit that'll keep you vibin'
The Wu is here to bring you Shaolin's finest
But if your skills are weak, you better step behind us
"Ghost Face — Ghosface Killah!""

Mercury raps is roughed, then God just shown like taps
Red and white Wallys that match, bend my baseball hat
Doin' forever shit like pissin' out the window on turnpikes
Robbin' niggas for leathers, high swipin' on dirt bikes
Voice be mellow like Vaughn Harper, Radio Barber
Murder sleep-away camp, the fly lady champ
The arsonist who burn with his pen regardless
Slayin' all these earthlings and fake foreigners
In the Philippines, pick herbal beans, bubblin' strings
Biochemical cream, we burn kerosene
The conviction of my tape is rape, wicked like Nixon
Blonde heads, inscriptions with three sixes in
Kiss the pyramid experiment with high explosive
I slapbox with Jesus, lick shots at Joseph
Zoom in like binoculars — the rap blacksmith
Money's Rolex was rockless, Chef ragtop is spotless
I'm Iron Man, no die-cast metal, I'm steel-alloy
True identity hidden inside secret tabloids
Breathe oxygen, both sides of my jaw carry oxes
The track hit like the bangers in hundred watt boxes
Yo, jostlin' these cats while Little J be deli'in'
Sip Irish Moss out of Widelians
"Rhymes like retail, make sure shit sell
From where we at to my man's cell"
All you's MC's start realizin'
That Ghost got that shit that'll keep you vibin'
The Wu is here to bring you Shaolin's finest
But if your skills are weak, you better step behind us
"Cappa-Cappa-Cappa-Cappachino"

Give me the fifty thou', small bills
My gold plate, my slang kills, my beer spills
What up, Lils? Murder one, dun
Killer bee stung, guess who back home, son?
My technique of slang camp won, third platoon soon
Cristal bottles, cages of boom, Papi wardrobe
The mad-hatter big dick style, beware goons
Smuggle balloons, Lorna Doones in fat pussy wounds
Let the Gods build, pull up the grill, check out the mad skills
Top-secret technique, too hard for you to peep it and keep it
Jiggy style of rap and watchin' knock our slang, sweep it
Out-of-order tape recorder can't record my slaughter
Spoil the rotten, Donna, too good to be forgotten
High top notch, borderline rhymes is Hancocked
'96, my ill sound clash is still hot
Get yourself shot!
All you's MC's start realizin'
That Ghost got that shit that'll keep you vibin'
The Wu is here to bring you Shaolin's finest
But if your skills are weak, you better step behind us6Embed
I got to take him off of here
Cause there's only one, and that's me
You understand? 'fore all that fighting, you understand
That sucka think he good, that sucka think he can whoop me
And I know he can't whoop me, I...
Ay boy, the nigga whole style is chump
You understand?
Let me get mines first
Then after I get mines, you can do what you want to do...

Yeah, scandalous
Yeah miraculous, the arsonists

Yo, kicked down the door in the spot, 260
2L, I heard they had O's for sale
I heard the same shit, money drive a burgundy whip
Keep a low fade, license plates engraved "PAID"
Where's the cat from, think he's from New Jerusalem
Pretty Rick did his thing for him, but he was using him
Boss Sun's younger physical, you know the God
He go with Tip, the one who called Lover of God
Why Equality Self, I know the Master Allah Now
It's time to get the God U and blow like mines
But on the low I heard he got Born Original sent
Back in a drive-through Kentucky Fried shot up his Ac
We got to get him dunn, aliens is snatching our bread
UFOs moving in with bigger plans than Feds, yo
Knock on Daddy-O's door get the scope
He's not home, he took Ishmael to Park Slope
There go the the dreads yo, swindle two bags of that skunk
That get you crashed out had you laid out like bums
Peace Kiana, what's up with your girlfriend Wanda
She drive a cream Honda, with legs like Jane Fonda
I just left her, she took Regine to Pathmark then
Jetted to Canal to get her man some Clarks
She should be back in ninety minutes, Ghostface
God forbid she safe, BCW was watching the kids
You might also like
Two hours later, scheming like DeNiro in Casino
Son better have more coke than Al Pacino
Kiana ain't telling no lies, last year she did a sting and a half
With Tymeek bought him a aircraft
But anyway, yo, Daddy-O home, we need the shotties nid-ow
When we get back, throw you a thid-ou
Later that night, stay mesmerized yo
Go get the green 5, meet you on the corner of Now Why
You ready, you got the E&J and the machete?
We going upstairs, I hope one nigga is heavy
We walked in, both of us, looked like terrorists
Masks on, second floor, dun yo, I handle this
Kick in the crib, the whole shit looked graphical
Natural, fucking a white bitch, actual
Fiends chanting, "Do your thing Chef, handle it"
I shot him in the neck, it ricocheted and hit Carolyn
Ran to the back analyzing, much disguising
Surprise is coming in their eyes and tranquilizing
Bugging, throwing the twin cousins at his nugget, fuck it
Meet shottie waddy slug body hobby
Where the drugs, where the ounces you be bouncing
Fake cats announcing on the block, you lounging
Where the blow at, I ain't got shit, stop fronting
(Yo Chef, throw the joint in his mouth, money'll stop stunting
Bitch, hold that pit, before I push your wig back
Chef stop waving that, show him where the paper at)
Come here Valerie, you know the God he need a salary
Put down the pipe here's two tickets to a coke gallery
It's in the kitchen in the ceiling
(Baby girl kept squealing
Only found a white block of cheese from New Zealand
Ohhh shit! Yo, yo where that shit at yo?
Yo Chef, where that shit? What? What? Aiyyo...)2Embed

Yo, yo, yo, aiyo you brought me on Jerry just to take you back
After that bullshit you put me through a couple months back
That wasn't right, call the cops on me, and told them I had it like
"Yeah, pop the trunk, he got dope and guns"
Check for warrants, that son of a bitch on the run, I know
Three of his niggas got life, he use to roll with
And told 'em I bodied an upcoming basketball star
Once I heard that, I fell out the cop car, real hard
You bugged out, and thugged out, wanted me to take you back
That could never happen, I'm sorry
No disrespect, but you a psycho, honey
Got that S.S.I. money, and you start actin' funny
Shrimp's every night, ordering steaks
Them jumbo joints, them shits cost a buck 50 for eight
And when you told me your Merlot, need more grapes
I said "Honey, you never had wine before!"
And if you did, that's not how you act at all
And no... that's not how we rock in Theodore

Please, babe, I love you
(Take me back, I'll never do it again)
Always want you
(You know that you my lover and my best friend)
Yes, darling, it's true
(Come on, home, where you belong, let's get it on)
Please, babe, I want you....
You might also like
Back to them days, when the yay' was bein' frontin' to you
Hundred thousand dollar shopping sprees wasn't nothin' to you
When three was a crowd... but I dealt with it
And your sex wasn't wild.... but I dealt with it
I always felt shitted, you should of take me back
The girl that introduced you to boy, and helped you open your stacks
I got you in South connects, for the hard grind
That's why I took mine off the top, for the hard time
You know you need me in the streets, to help you run things
And if you catch a case, you got it wrong, I'mma pawn rings
I'm your lady boo, that's what I'm suppose to do
I know when you was coppin' my Coupe, that you was coppin' two
I know when you got me the red one, that she got the blue
But the way I chew on you, you should of got me two
Now you got me in the kitchen, with your fryin' on
Tell me that you gon' move with me, I know you lyin', dog
Who loves you baby? Nobody like Jacki-O
Cook, clean, break up your weed, and I give you nasty throat
What you actin' for? Get back in the door
Come on, home, where you belong, let's get it on


Yo, you know I always love you, I never meant to hurt you
Even the stress'll work you, I miss your old perfume
Promise never curse you, I want you in my circle
Honey right by my side where I keep my herbals
We both agree on no more fighting, we'll just have a verbal
The man'll treat you like a queen, I will bird you
Mother and father birthed you, if I have to hit you
Then damn, I might as well leave, cuz I don't deserve you
Watch from you face, when you sleep, let the heat disturb you
Fiendin' from the magic wand, when she 'nique and serve you
Take me please, take me with ease
Take me back, God damn, and scrape marks on my knees
'Member the first time you made my key
You was drunk, you went behind a tree and pee'd
I miss shit like that, and all of the times
We played cops, I'll arrest you in bed
Police brutality, I'll leave the side of your ass red
God damn it, is sex for real girl? Girl, we in special ed
Uh-huh... fuck that, take me back, pretty please, with you on top

Yeah, yo this goes for everybody all across the world
Whether you got fired or your lover dropped you and all that
Youknowhatimsayin? Everybody wanna get tooken back
Youknowhatimean? Don't be afraid to ask, if you wanna see--
Yo, take me back, fuck it, everybody wanna get tooken back and shit
This is your man, Big Ghost, your host, signing off and shit
Theodore, I understandEmbed
Yeah, whassup, y'all, whassup?
This is Ghostface, straight from Staten Island
You know I don't really mean no harm
But it just happens you know
When I step approach a motherfuckin' wack nigga
That tryin' to spit his darts and can't spit 'em
Check it out though, ayo

Scientific, my hand kissed it
Robotic, let's think optimistic
You probably missed it, watch me Dolly Dick it
Scotty Wotty copper tipped me, big microphone hippie
Hit Poughkeepsie, crispy chicken, verbs, throw up a stone, Richie
Chop the O, sprinkle a little snow inside a Optimo
Swing the John McEnroe, rap rock'n'roll
Ty-D-Bol, gung-ho pro, Starsky with the gumsole
Hit the rum slow, parole kids, live Rapunzel
But Ton' Stizzy really high, the vivid laser eye guy
Jump in the Harley ride, Clarks, I freak a lemon pie
I'm bout it, bout it, Lord forgive me, Ms. Sally shouted
Tracey got shot in the face, my house was overcrowded
You fake cats done heard it first
On how I shitted on your turf, half time, Cuban Link verse yo
Check out the rap kingpin, summertime, fine jewelry dripping
Face to the box, I seen your ear twitching
As soon as I drove off, Cap' came to me with three sawed-offs
Give one to Rae', let's season they broth
Lightning rod fever heaters, knock-kneed a Sheeba for hiva
Diva got rocked from the receiver bleeder
Portfolio, looking fancy in the pantry
My man got bigger dimes son, your shit is scampi
Base that, throw what's in your mouth, don't waste that
See Ghost lamping in the throne with King Tut hat
Straight off
You might also like
Yeah... yeah
I just want y'all niggas
Smack all y'all niggas, and niggarettes
Universal death threats, yeah
This be the God Body
Yeah no doubt, Judge Wise

Ayo, spiced out Calvin Coolers, lounging with 7 duelers
The Great Adventures of Slick, licking with 6 Rugers
Rock those, big boy Bulotti's out of Woodbridge
Porridge for the biggest bear, seasoned giraffe ribs
Rotissiere roast, hickory cinnamon scented glaze
Perfected find truth within self, let's smoke
All hail to my hands, 50 thou' appraisal
Dirty nose with the nasal drip, clique flipped on fam
Dancing with Blanche and them bitches, flicking deuce pictures
Kick down the ace of spades, snatch Jack riches
Olsive compulsive lies flyers with my name on it
Dick made the cover now count, how many veins on it
Scooby snack jurassic plastic gas booby trap
Ten years working for me, you wanna tab shit?
Bong bong bong! Your bell went rung rung rung!
Staple-Land's where the ambulance don't come
Yeah, you see what I mean?
You see what I mean, you motherfucking crybabies?
Get in line, punk!
You should be studying your arts instead of studying me!
That's how you lost your first job, punk!
Now get in line, before you get your lil' thick ass tossed up!
Shit! I studied under Bruce Lee, nigga
He was on the fourth, I was on the third

Pass me a honey-dipped spliff
Black mental cause continental drift
One whiff of Power-U gets my Divine stiff
Brick rock, late night, hear the tick tock of my clock
I used to run up and pick, a crab lock
Hit his stash, dip back, to the Lab, make him flip
Uptown, BOO-DOOP, now we back on your ave
Incognito, fatal Hapkido blow, pop a needle
Dick a knock-knee ho, bust out her fetal
Nine inch long strong, Bobby pop the bitch thong
Spit on her, then I banged on my chest like Kong King
Merciless Ming, point the killer bee sting
Ring dings, right through your head bing
Snap the wing off of bats, my battle-axe tongue hacks tracks
Once the ball drop, I'mma snatch ten jacks
Pass the crack to a niggarette, puff a loose leaf cigarette
While your man search the internet for Bob Digitech
In Stereo, crazy as Shapiro
Multiply myself ten times standing next to zero
And snap my fingers like the Fonz
And bag me a golden bronze skinned girl with the honey blonde
Dip hair, make a nigga flip in his chair
Had the armpit shaved off perfect with the Nair
Stomach flat as a pancake for her man's sake
Used to fuck her when she menstruate
But it made her hyperventilate
Brooklyn! I know, I know, I know, I know
Queens! I know, I know, I know, I know
Shaolin! I know, I know, I know, I know
I know, I know, I know, I know, I know
Bronx! I know, I know, I know, I know
Jersey! I know, I know, I know
Long Island! I know, I know, I know, I know
I know, I know, I know, break it down!10Embed
For real? Can I get a juice, lord?
Yeah, yeah... yeah, squad niggas boy, for real
Uh-huh, forreal, man, word, open the door, man
Hustle flow shit, yeah, aiyo, pass the cigar, lord
Come on, man, stop playing, man

We in the cabin playing backgammon, gorilla monster slammers
Brothers hire us, try us you gon' die, son
Green medicine, blow veterans
Run in Adidas store, six more velours, drawers feather skin
Haircutted up, hollering, seven through three sixes
No, we ain't the devil, where ya llama, dick?
Can't stand the other side, niggas know we rich, we color guys
Loose up your mother, true lullabies
Gangsta ever readies, take off my shirt, no batteries, nigga
Just one mean magnum killer
Snowmobiles jetting out the Timber, feel Chef altitude
Yo, I can't breathe, check the splendor
Brazilian honey dip, I'm on my rifle day, nigga
Times is roughing, Timberland cuffing
One knee up, G up all the re-up
Hope we can pull it back, my throat my only weapon
Blow the beat up
You might also like
Stuff Brillo pads in the rat holes, reduce that faggot-ass nigga
Who wanna jump like a frog to a tadpole
Gag it up, sliding through the ER, batted up
A tube in your dick, you can't piss when standing up
Hands is shaking, doctors is taken to operating
"Nah, he might not live!" So they start debating
You in bad shape, in the neck of New York
Your slithering ways, lay with you a bad snake
Smash bake, eight stab holes in your shoulder blades
You wilding on the stretcher and shit, they trynna hold your legs
Nah don't hold his legs, tell that bitch ass nigga to chill
Put something in his meat like bolognese
Got gophers that sleep in the woods, Carhartt down
Padlock your bow-legged spot, where your rocks now?
You ain't moving no crack, you'se a moving ass rat
After you lay up in that morgue, I'ma fuck your back
Yeah, nigga, die slow with your smirk on
Night-night lights, dim it down, get your mirk on
Later I see you in hell, get your burn on
Filled with embalming fluid, get your sherm on

My sherm on in the hood when I ride by
My eyes looking like I learned how to skydive
The world is yours, there's rules you abide by
Ride with the fly guy on I-95
They said a nigga return, but I never left
I told Big L through me, he could resurrect
I'm that nigga like Puff in L-O-X
I took one L and life is still Double X
Brick City where I breathe all the trees at
The E's in M&M's, I need a Relapse
And bitches, grab my mic, give me feedback
Reggie you an asshole, baby I be that
Yeah, I get cocky when the beat pumping
You know you doing it when your tire lip running
I keep a freak and I call her chicken McNugget
'Cause this Superbad nigga, she McLovin'
Fiends get killed in my hallways, we parlay
My feet been killing me all day
Your boy down for lot, like them killas in RahWay
It's all work and no play
'Cause this block ain't nothing like Broadway
Revenge is sweeter than sorbet, you all become believers
Once this heaters in your face, just a part of my feng shui
Ya'll don't want no part of the gun spray
I would hate to pull it and one stray
That's where the innocents by stand
We trapped inside these tenements like damn
Why mama tryna feed us this spiced ham?
Connects trynna cheat us with light grams
Co-defendants try to lighten they sentence
Snitching to white man
Turned state evidence, fam, we ain't jellin'
Felons ain't felons no more, they straight tellin'
Ain't nothing worse than a rat, you can't smellin'
And ain't nothing worse than a trap you can't sell in1Embed
You realize who I am?
I'm gonna break your bones into little bits
Yo

You could throw me in a lineup, rough beard
Thick knot and my shines up
Mediterranean bezel rocks planted like saltines
Worth about six hundred thousand in the Auck scene
I still jog in the hills of Brazil
Twelve eggs and my conditioning coach is Anderson Sil
He a prize fighter, and me, I'm a prize writer
Time you industry niggas recognize fire
Boric acid mixed with ricin
Don't stand under a tree 'cause my flow is lightning
Some say I should be prosecuted, death by lethal injection
Electrocuted or Malcolm X 'em
Or send a Chinese bitch in the club to stretch him
And if that don't work, then it's on to the next one
Beef, we can let it cook, fried to perfection
Got the bulldog snub that'll cave your chest in

You know what'd happen if I punched you really hard?
You might also like
Ayy, yo, my moms never knew that she was nursin' a wolf
And I wrote this on 9/11, covered in soot
Spittin' tobacco out my mouth in Claiborne fatigues
Posted under a Brinks truck waiting to squeeze
Stay on point like the nose of a marlin, Spartacus brawler
Pressin' y'all pussies in public, nigga, you stallin' with
Nowhere to run, faggot, I'll grab your ear
My shootin' arm stay fresh like a bag of gear
Goose coats, yachts, diving off of big boats
My bitch pedicured up with a sick throat
So cold, making you stutter
"I-I-I c-c-can't believe Ghost is still gutter"
Everywhere I go, I'm polyg'ed up
Cohen optical frames of Breitling, dipped with a crisp cut
See me on a Jackson 5 cover next to Randy
They had black 'fros, mine was sandy
Buckwheat Jackson

You gonna fight or not?
Get off, get off6Embed
Hey miss whattup? Tone got luck
I wore a lot of jewelry and I never got stuck!
Cats like the way I write, dressed like a superstar
Take care of family so I don't have stupid cars
Peace to all the single ladies, struggle with a rough life
Baby daddy threaten that's aight, check out my man Trife
Represent Stapleton, raised in the West
780 Henderson, now I'm the best
Stoppin all bets, slammin niggas like Barkley
Back in my reefer days, sellin you parsley
Always kept aluminum, bats in the car seat
Them not show doin them, that's where the NARCs be
Came to play no games and stay in your lane
And the ratchet's on your brain and fuck entertainment y'all
The big spender rock a robe in November
I never broke but I throw my trees up in the blender

Yeah, how you like it baby?
You want a good time, you alright, you alright?
C'mon, how you like me baby?
You have a good time tonight?
Yeah, how you like it baby?
You want a good time, you alright, you alright?
C'mon, how you like me baby?
You have a good time tonight?
You might also like
Yo~! Better shoe spots, red and blue drops
I used to serve those, those my rooftops
Dane cracked the window when the fuckin room's hot
If my CD was skippin get a different boombox
New socks full of Polo, champ rugged low Mocc's
So hot, right before I popped the fuckin show stopped
You can't box, I seen better hands on an old clock
The old ox never marked you, I'mma blow pop
Prophesized Don it's me, aqua blue mink
And my bitch arms'll be, 20 G's scrill
Niggas like "Pardon me," I'mma be honesty
Your man with the Dom P more like Sean Connery
Heard he fight crime like the old man Barnaby
Givin you the business, crackheads and the wannabeez
And I keep drugs in the Tony Starks pharmacy
Desperate Housewives slobbin me cause they honor me

Yeah, how you like it baby?
You want a good time, you alright, you alright?
C'mon, how you like me baby?
You have a good time tonight?
Yeah, how you like it baby?
You want a good time, you alright, you alright?
C'mon, how you like me baby?
You have a good time tonight?
Hey, Mister! Please let my niggas in
Thugs and my women in, you don't want no problem with meeeEEEE
We got them burners on the dancefloor
Goons is already in, shanks and machetes in
Three to the head again, Ghost Remy HennesyyyYYYY
All y'all haters wit'chall mad for?

Yeah, how you like it baby?
You want a good time, you alright, you alright?
C'mon, how you like me baby?
You have a good time tonight?
Yeah, how you like it baby?
You want a good time, you alright, you alright?
C'mon, how you like me baby?
You have a good time tonight?Embed
Haha, yeah
Tony Stark, nigga
I ain't going nowhere (Yeah)
Y'all feel me?
We about to finish this al', dawg (Uh-huh)
Tell 'em, Tone Tone (It's the beginning)
Yo, yo, yo
Yo

The old lady said the shooter was 5'6"
And she don't know how he got away with five of them bricks
Across the street, a group of men held nine sticks
Those is choppers being sprayed, and all of em' missed, uh
Lil' bro got away with it
He promised me four of them joints if I stayed with him, uh
What the fuck y'all think?
I wasn't born with a slit between my legs with a hole that's pink?
Nah, I'm a gangster, besides getting paper
I move my pawns, fuck around and get rook
Besides that, any jux session
Deny me for any stones in your skin, you get cooked
Haha, blood spillin' like lava
Face on the hot concrete, no agua
Nasty killer with horror
You wasn't even the main entree, how's that for a starter?
You might also like
(Party over here)
I'm talking like it's about to get deadly, we stay getting ready
(Party over here)
Staten Island stay stylin', boy, turn off the lights like Teddy
(Party over here)
More paper, hoes that's swallowing 'scato on the late tip
(Party over here)
Don't you dare run, nigga, just hand over the goods, or we'll take it

Bottle after bottle, Remy dark, Goose, Moscato
Threw the club into gear full throttle
Players on one side, killers on the other
Hoes in the middle, plus it's jam-packed, flooded
Sweating through my silk, real life, I might tuck it
Mad hoes, got 'em on the string like a puppet
Party over here, lil' niggas stepped on my kicks without sayin' pardon over here
Two of my goons seen it, followed him over there
Came back with whatever that fuckboy had in his ear
Neck, chest, wrists, he couldn't persevere
Pat Riley on his neck, gave up the jewels like, "Here"
Nickel-plated bulldogs, 12-inch Rugers and long leathers
To pluck any bird nigga feather
Staten Island, we get ours regardless
Don't forget, we do the pressin', y'all just press charges
(Party over here)
I'm talking like it's about to get deadly, we stay getting ready
(Party over here)
Staten Island stay stylin', boy, turn off the lights like Teddy
(Party over here)
More paper, hoes that's swallowing 'scato on the late tip
(Party over here)
Don't you dare run, nigga, just hand over the goods, or we'll take itEmbed
Hahahaha
Ghostface Killer
I bet you'd forgotten me, maybe thought I was dead
Get out of here fast, this man's a killer
Hahahaha, hahahahaYou might also likeEmbed
Alright, there it go again
Yo, yo

Yeah, foreign cars, we coppin' em, hoppin' in with Glocks an' them
Stick up kids on dead-end streets, we pop 'em first, we box 'em in
Behind the wheel the driver's hittin' gas before the oxygen
Tryna find whatever hoes that he can tie a sock up in
To stop the bleedin', lotta reasons, lotta goons, they wanna eat
The money pop a lotta shit, the stick-up game is outta season
First time I scoped 'em out in front of subways eatin' pizza
He didn't even peep us
This is practice, thuggin' with free access
Original hitmen, born shooters that wear glasses
Guns that stop traffic, ain't afraid to blast it, bitch
This is Iraq iron, not plastic
We hogtie, duct tape, take long drives
You in the trunk, balls-out naked, you gon' die
Any place on God's green Earth you gon' fry
Night-night, ya goin' to bed, but not to the Stuy

Ayo, hempty-dimp, I love rice and shrimp (Uh huh)
If I can't catch the plane then I'm catchin' the blimp (Yeah)
Told brown-skin, "Yeah, you can call me a pimp"
But I'm the real orphan of rap, I got lost in the pack
The streets had me trapped, I ain't know where I was at
Weeded in saucy black jeans, jewelry glossy
Early in the mornin', toast and coffee (Word)
You can't off me, your wack flows suck and exhausts me (Hey)
I got New York heat, 'bout to fuck a chick shortly (C'mon)
I'm bowlegged with dogs, can't none of y'all walk me
Honeys love me, follow me everywhere, stalk me
I'm good with the hoop, ten hut, my army tense up
You can't inch up, don't even flinch up
Honeys get wet and they panties be all drenched up
I'm comin' off the bench like I'm blowin' the bench up
Black crown, black apparel, black nunchucks
36 is hard to kill, we put a fence up
Armored tank, Masta Killa shit, black Benz truck
You might also like
Cauliflower wallabees, turkey legs, collard greens
Dollar dreams, if I'm not the T'Challa then what kinda king
Am I? My persona, man, it's nada, this is not a thing
Island got Italians, load the Talons and then bada-bing
Make 'em sing, this is not Sopranos, y'all, don't make a scene
Making cream, how I make it up without the Maybelline?
Can' with the laser beam, your favorite team's
Not the playground to play around with, just try and take a swing
Yadamean? It's not a seesaw battle
Not the bridge you wanna travel
'Cause your life expectancy on the Verrazzano is narrow
Just me, Denny and Darryl
Just before my hand cock you can see the Smith on the barrel
Hit the gravel, forever be in my shadow
Rather be up in the saddle than up the creek with no paddle
Key to the city, judge, throw away the gavel
Since the game got pretty it don't go with my apparel3Embed
Yeah, baby
You  know what it is, Yap City (All day)
C'mon 
Shit make you wanna smack somethin' off top
Word up, check it
Yeah,  y'all niggas is goin' to hell, yo

I  pledge allegiance to crime, right hand on the burner
Death to all cornball niggas who wanna turn up
I  call it gettin' it in, you call it animosity
Listen, you could never match my velocity
Too much stamina, glitter in front of cameras
On the red carpet, still clean your clock like a janitor
Favorite  Pac joint was "I Ain't Mad at Cha"
Skinny jean faggot, you ain't man enough
You ain't got the heart to snuff plus cut, stab, or bust
We wrestle down elephants, two hundred grand per tusk
The ball spinnin', spillin' Spades on Asian women
Love them pretty black joints, lil' Malaysian in 'em
Ghost got a gambling habit, I burn bookies
Smack so many promoters out here, they scared to book me

Scared to book niggas, your highness
Diamonds on the Yankee sign, dirt on the camo
Six stones floodin' the left hand like Thanos
While you sambos dance to Bo Jangles
I'm verified, toasting on boats with hoes, damsels
Yeah, son, I'm loving the hate
Why I keep a knife on me, so I'm sure to get a cut of the cake
Now my name hold double the weight
That's an actual fact, a million plus motherfuckers relate, yeah
I'm on them heavy bags like Deontay
And I'm wild caught, y'all niggas farm-raised
For 50 Cent, I went to war with many men
Then slapped them with the jacket like Benny Hinn
I'm hittin' that jet fuel, you're new in the game, lame
You'll never use Deck for a step stool
You might also like
They don't wanna hear that shit, they want Dorothy
Fire comin' out of my mouth, that's an arsony
I'm so hood, tossed the nine when I left it
Rubber bands wrapped around my thoughts the more I stretch it
When it come back, I pop that sucker shit
I smoke blunts and I spit on that rhetoric
Original ties in, SI gutter
Let's get it right, fuck you and your brother
My raps in the back of your head like two mufflers
So pull your dress up, your ass ain't tough enough
Niggas cuddle up with the wife, they can't come out
I be at the club all night, I might dumb out
You fuck around with big dawgs, ain't no bark here
Fuck you and your friends, nigga, you can't park here

My sword indeed make more niggas bleed
Leave it to the specialists, we mean business
Come and get some, you want none
I hit it Wu-Tang style, caught up in the mix
(Wu-Tang style, caught up in the mix)Embed
Yeah, nigga
I just wanna flex, son
Yeah, yeah

I just wanna flex, headed for success
I just bought a passport, Benny and the Jets
I just got a bag though, runnin' up a check
'Cause I just wanna, I just wanna, I just wanna, I just wanna
Flex, headed for success
I just bought a passport, Benny and the Jets
I just got a bag though, runnin' up a check
'Cause I just wanna, I just wanna, I just wanna, I just wanna flex

Ayy, yo, patty cake, patty cake, multiplying five pies
Mountains on the table, take a whiff, that's a line drive
Pullin' out cocaine biscuits, doin' drive-bys
Bitches buttnaked in the kitchen, shorty suck me dry
2 a.m. flights, elite jet, furry Louis seats
Alkaline bottles of Don, the whole crew eat
Flex ice water stones as long as baguettes
The new joint escalator piece, we flooded the steps
Baby blue passports, Hong Kong Task Force
Heard about the murder regime, made Ghost style mask for us
Bitches with tongue rings fresh out the geisha house
Did everything to these hoes but never ate them out
Niggas can't say shit, it's gold in my bank account
The foul play and the accolades is what my gang about
The knots, big faces falling out my Gucci sweats
TECs, vests, motherfuck, I'm daring you to...
You might also like
Flex, headed for success
I just bought a passport, Benny and the Jets
I just got a bag though, runnin' up a check
'Cause I just wanna, I just wanna, I just wanna, I just wanna
Flex, headed for success
I just bought a passport, Benny and the Jets
I just got a bag though, runnin' up a check
'Cause I just wanna, I just wanna, I just wanna, I just wanna flex

Yeah, uh, come here, brother
Have you ever seen rare Wallas with an Air Max bubble?
And a steel that come with the grip with the beam this color?
Tomato dot'll cover the opps, if not, I'll cut you
Forbes, got young bitches blowin' my cover
He's the black Tom Selleck, I've been dyin' to fuck you
Them Caribbean seminars, he flashy like menopause
Bet you get hit with the best shot like Pat Benatar
The Oscar winner, his collar is knitted with linen
His jeans, you can consider it illiterate denim
Fish tank so big even the babies can swim in
Rockin' the toddler, four finger lacin', ridiculous gems in 'em
Benjamins stuck together like boxes of Entenmann's
Been in the vault since '88 with the tape of Rakim and them
I got that music ear
I can't leave a chick crib without them tryin' to keep me as a souvenir
Flex, headed for success
I just bought a passport, Benny and the Jets
I just got a bag though, runnin' up a check
'Cause I just wanna, I just wanna, I just wanna, I just wanna
Flex, headed for success
I just bought a passport, Benny and the Jets
I just got a bag though, runnin' up a check
'Cause I just wanna, I just wanna, I just wanna, I just wanna flexEmbed
Let's go, baby, let's go
Yo

Big paper, skyscrapers
The black Jerry Buss, I can buy the Lakers
Fly everything
Stand on the Bentley and toast to stones in every ring
Forty helicopters with choppers, back to Medellín
Undercover task force reveals they get chills when on the heels of a killa
Way iller with his mask off
Three stooge of these niggas, leave 'em in the dust on the crash course
I don't even ask for the pussy, wizzes pass off
Cinco de Mayo, I'm into the bayou, one hell of a bio
I live that life you can stuff in the vial
Black 590 Mossberg'll knock off your smile
Tony wrist game water like it was dipped in the Nile
Forty-inch cable is fatal (Uh-huh), I need a neck brace
The gold I wore'll weigh more than your table
Jameson bags of scotch, the red dot on the label
If Chi-Town is Chiraq, Staten Island is Beirut

All we want's the dead presidents, take measurements
You follow the old, we makin' new testaments
Supreme specimens, Wu-Tang regiments
Watch your mouth when you speakin' to excellence (Yo)
You might also like
I probably left a couple scenes, but that's only through back exits
Mommy cryin', homie died, couldn't make it past eleven
Twenty-one, twenty gun salute, bring him back in seconds
Off that juice, hang 'em off the roof how niggas send a message
We be wildin', keep the toolie on us case you wanna check us
Off the line and get your homie clapped just for sending texts
Every spot Mr. JJ Watt, known to get them Texans
Quiet down, everybody now, God gon' send a message
In my country for what you worth, but you ain't life threatenin'
You ain't running, just drag your feet 'cause you ain't light stepping
Send 'em all to come dim your lights, you gon' need a light expection
Just give 'em a couple shots, we gon' give 'em light injections
I'm cleaning these niggas messes, but soon as I switched my groove
Got out and moved, these niggas became the death wish
Niggas became reckless, young, black and flexin'
Nigga (Young, black and flexin')

All we want's the dead presidents, take measurements
You follow the old, we makin' new testaments
Supreme specimens, Wu-Tang regiments
Watch your mouth when you speakin' to excellenceEmbed
Yo, yeah

You  can get clapped in the deadly hall
Where  the killers skate off in the clean G Wagen, all gray
Chain swingin', the god-gods was tried for 'meanors
Gucci, last thing they seen hittin' the cement
The  fuck y'all standing around for?
Watch  my reels, I make scripts off strips like, "Hold on, strip"
I don't care what he say, how many guns he got
Just  ask your mans about my flicks
Movies, gruesome, bombs, we boofed it
Rikers Island, that phone got bodies on it, true shit
A click, two sticks, it'll cost you, baby
That's  two pin joints if I lost you, baby
Yeah, I'm back, we can go bar for bar
Tie hands together with the aux, go scar for scar
Go 'head and act up, injuries gon' add up
Walkin' out the ER like a mummy, all wrapped up
Come on board, shooters, we hirin'
Scarface bald head niggas, we admire them
Rumor has it a lot of frauds got flaws on 'em
See a lot of Madea in niggas, wrong drawers on 'em

Many legs I broke, many necks I choked (Right)
Many legs I broke (Right), many necks I choked (Right)
Many legs I broke (Right), many necks I choked (Right)
And if provoked, I let the pistol smoke (Brr)
Many legs I broke, many necks I choked
Many legs I broke, many necks I choked
Many legs I broke, many necks I choked
And if provoked, I let the pistol smoke
You might also like
I held 'em up like a pair of crutches
Had 'em all in a jam like I ran with Smuckers
Cops, sirens, paparazzis over hot bodies
Headshots in the Maserati
Don't wrap that nigga, no Polo sheets
Keep it discrete, I told that nigga he'd be dead in a week
His bitch told me where he rest, where he keep his cheese
He got a stashbox in the wheel in both his V's
I got forty-seven cocaine connects out in Monaco
Top of the line, these coke chefs made the honor roll
And that's the reason I don't fuck with faggots
Twenty-one guns that go savage
Seventy nuns that tote smoke in the old baggage
Whatever I see, I grab it
You get the message like it's all in a tablet
You straight bitch like Tiff Haddish
Hustle grands like Tip Harris
The whole hood drop like a miscarriage

Many legs I broke, many necks I choked (Right)
Many legs I broke (Right), many necks I choked (Right)
Many legs I broke (Right), many necks I choked (Right)
And if provoked, I let the pistol smoke (Brr)
Many legs I broke, many necks I choked
Many legs I broke, many necks I choked
Many legs I broke, many necks I choked
And if provoked, I let the pistol smokeEmbed
Put the mic on
Alright, c'mon
Yeah, yeah, ayo

Feelin' like Outkast, lay the stank on ya
Brothas giving dap, trappin' on the street corners
Bitches wavin' "Hi" in the next man's ride
'Cause she know she gotta pay them bills, trickin' on the side
And the kids seen so many stepfathers is alive
Drinkin' all the Kool-Aid, fuckin' up the vibe
Man, there's so many parents just don't understand
How to raise a child, educate 'em, teach 'em how to stand
And not to be a follower, people were like toddlers
When there's no love, the heart becomes more hollower
Then you wanna be alone, the mind becomes shallower
The weak ones hang theyself, don't let this life demolish ya
Uh, we can dominate the world with a plan
Stand next to each other then we hold hands
Brothas and sistas (Hey, young world)
Take it all with a grain of sand

It's a deadly circumstance
From simply getting by, uh
It's a brainwashed straw man
To keep you ill-advised, woo-ooh
It make a smart man stupid
And turn a rich man foolish
We got to man up, stand, up, hands up
Woo-ooh
You might also like
See brothas get murdered over dice games
Bullets started to fly when the nights came
You got a bad chick and a nice chain
Be careful, them niggas right over there got nice aim
Catch you for a lot or a little bit
It really doesn't matter 'cause the babies gotta deal with it
Opioid epidemic, so DM with no recollection
Body last found in the place where they people left 'em
The babies got it harder then ever
They calling them the internet babies
Microwave cell phone towers, fake food
Red meat makes the state of mind crazy
Police killing brothas like it's okay
It's like a modern-day slavery
Everybody stand, up man Up
Don't let these wild beasts break us down
And put they hands on us

It's a deadly circumstance
From simply getting by, uh
It's a brainwashed straw man
To keep you ill-advised, woo-ooh
It make a smart man stupid
And turn a rich man foolish
We got to man up, stand, up, hands up
Woo-ooh
Save them children from the pry
Whole world
Show them nothing stops them but that same ol' lie
May God save that child
From this world so foul
I want a new Earth, new world, woo-oohEmbed
Ma, Ma
Throw down some money
The ice cream man is coming

Yo, Shaolin's finest
What up, Boo? Peace your highness
Let's rewind this
Both get naked and kill the shyness
Wu Tang's timeless, blow out your sinus
Sweet talk that ass into bed, kill 'em with kindness
I'm thinking we should fuck again
Get back to the sucking and
Freak shit, all on the road we keep truckin' in
Bottle of rose, double G's on the sneaker
Let me slide in, love, I got respect like Aretha

Ice cream
Ice cream

Watch these rap dudes slide all up in your texts
French vanilla, butter pecan, we complex
Even caramel sundaes, they gon' flex
Scooped in the ice cream truck, let's have sex
You might also like
My tenderoni, she was young when I first wet her
Lil' niggas from the hood used to upset her
I'm from the era of blowing kisses and love letters
Big wheels and skates, now I'm skating on big wheels
Lovin' my honey buns and I'm givin' 'em big thrills
We build and destroy, it's different how shit feel
When them boys turn to men, dick shit get real
Look at my shorty and get clapped with the steel
Hit with the Jason
These save-a-ho niggas is fuck facin'
Lard niggas, pure bacon
Doo-doo head, fed nigga think he down with my clique clique
Homicide housing, sometimes I fuck me a quick bitch
It's the goony hillbilly drip
Hashtag Ruck Juice
And we don't give a fuck about none of y'all, fuck you
The odd couple all night
Fuckin' honeys on sight
Chick like to sing on my dick just like a long mic

Ice cream
Ice cream

Yo, yo, your honey dip, summertime, fine jewelry drippin'
It's been a minute, let your boy get back up in it
No fake digits, no ex, to the next, let's text
Meet up at the spot and have sex
Low specs, big jewels hangin' off the Cuban
Wrist iced up, the hotel room is boomin'
Boozin', buttnaked in the jacuzz', we coolin'
Ice cream

Watch these rap dudes slide all up in your texts
French vanilla, butter pecan, we complex
Even caramel sundaes, they gon' flex
And scooped in the ice cream truck, let's have sexEmbed
Speed up, Lord, they moving on us
Unmarked cars with dogs, yo, they shooting at us
Light the weed up, for God sake, it's okay, call up Abi
Tell 'em give Ricky the cash, he get half, she's my wife
Gets the V, beans to white
Yo, watch where you going, nigga, breath, alright?
Yo, watch the bitch hop the curb
Racist-ass jakes wildin', spittin' out racial slurs
Stay calm and be patient, grip and guard your nation
Next time they pull out from the trunk we blazin'
Big shit going off bow-dow-bow-bow
Shawn Bell up in his grave wildin' out
If we get caught, son, my lawyer's in Boston
He got a hundred thou to retain with mad frosting
Yo, so don't panic, stay well-planted
Trey-pound pokin' my dick
I pulled the shit out and start blasting

Without askin', homie, throw me the ratchet
I guess I'm here to audible the plays, John Madden
So switch lanes, do a buck no laughing
Now double-hop the road and go to the Gas Inn
Dog, you imagine? Pigs on our ass, we on foot
And we ain't got no where to throw the ratchet
I'm on point, clap that bitch, this shit tragic
I'm down for whatever, make it happen
You might also like
Yo, yo, quick, toss the bomb in the garbage
Come here, shorty, take this revolver
You get caught, don't say its your father's
Don't say my name, say you found it in Yonkers
In the park around a bunch of monsters
You're turning it in cause it was on your conscience
Big boy toys, them shits go bonkers
'Cause we play foul, we don't want no charges

Fuck that shit, pass that shit over here, G
Hit the backyard, throw that shit in the tan jeep
As soon as you see the cops, automatically plan b
Soon as you hit the spot throw a shot in the air, please
I'm comin'
Know I'm always there when you need me
And, no, I ain't Dre, I just do it that easy
A hundred miles and runnin', I'ma do it for TV
Before we leave the car, leave them gloves and that earpiece
We out

I'm the inventor
'86 rhymin at the center
Blew off the burner, kinda dusty
Blew off the burner, kinda dusty
Blew off the burner, kinda dustyEmbed
When I was just
Give  me light, light, light the way
Light  the way, give me light, give me light
Give me light, light, light, light
Light, light, light, light
Light,  light, light
Can  you light?
Can you light? Light, light the way
Light  the way, give me light, give me light
Give me light, light, light, light
Light, light, light, light
Light, light, light
Can  you light?

Yeah, yo
Bloodclaat, bust my gun like a rude boy
No Love & Hip Hop, bad attitude, boy
Jamaican Clarks, sippin' Guinness on the hot sand
Sun splash, I'm on after Elephant Man
My posse paddle through the Cayman in a small canoe
Chewin' on chew sticks, blowin' on ganja root
Fonto leaf, Irish moss, soursop
Big nets catchin' monk fish, spice for the crockpot
The powder is wrapped, lookin' like baby roadies
Machine gun mask on, lookin' like a bunch of goalies
The half a foot dread, the whole land call him Toby
He got a team of red beam that'll lean the police
Christoper Coke, the pistol'll smoke gutters
We out in Kingston grooming the dirt for the butters
Sharpened machetes that slice through the trees for berries
Busting coconuts, Selassie legendary
You might also like
When I was just
Give me light, light, light the way
Light the way, give me light, give me light
Give me light, light, light, light
Light, light, light, light
Light, light, light
Can you light?
Can you light? Light, light the way
Light the way, give me light, give me light
Give me light, light, light, light
Light, light, light, light
Light, light, light
Can you light?

Siddly, diddly, diddly, diddly, diddly, diddly, and truly (Right)
No search and fiddle (Right)
Diddly, diddly, diddly, and truly
First class (Brrt)
Cold blooded murderer (Right)
Tell 'em, tell 'em, tell 'em, tell 'em what them ah really require (Right)
Cold blooded murderer
Wu-Tang the definition of a soldier

Check the Tiger Bone, stole love don, I sip a megaton
On point, soldiers is armed and blow the best corn
Fly silks and wallies, women from Jamaica to Bali
Acknowledge me at the show and prove rowdy
I miss Allah Real still, I build with this peace of steel
They call the microphone chrome nickel-plated poems
Jamel Ireef and Iron Man Tone, respect shown
In Jamaica, there's a party, peace to all my natty
Eatin' swordfish and I keep sliced avocado
Rice and peas and items sweet like a mango
One hundred clip rifle blow, steady flow, rhythm, tempo
"More fire," the sample go, so
Peace to Fire House, Waltham, Havendale to Maverley
Jungle to Rema, Salt Lane to Tivoli
Gaza, Spanish Town, Trenchtown, back to Maxfield
'Nough respect due, everything real
When I was justEmbed
"Together baby.. together baby"
"Baby just you and me (just you and me) whoahhh"

Yo, yo
Aiyyo it's Tone, crispy like a pair of headphones
Used to play the 280 party rec rooms
Now I play the big spots all in the city
Spread champagne, scopin out bitties
Pick one, thick one son with small titties
It really doesn't matter as long as she's pretty
Come here mami, dancin right beside me
Tommy Hilfiger cut, skin like Halle
She looked like she get it from her momma (momma)
That's right Michelle, I'm Obama (bama)
Or maybe she get it from Madonna (donna)
+Material Girl+ I still don ya (don ya)
Je-wels is for the girl if she do well
Knew she was dangerous, she rolled me up two L's
Her jelly roll shakin like she into the well
She wanna put my name on her new nails
 - repeat 2X

Yo, yo
Aiyyo I roll on bitches, like a skateboard
Got a few friends that give they cake to whores
Me that's a no-no, Starks take control of a chick
Then I go deep like Tony Romo
Kick 'em right out and the day starts over
Where I don't stop drinkin and I can't stand sober
In the morning when I wake up I get up just to ill
TD Bank is what I do with the mills
Bracelets, Cuban neck is on chill
Polar bear ice, I stay dressed to kill
I found my thrill on Blueberry Hill
Hittin the haze, now I'm on stilts
I'm too high, stuggle like Precious (Precious)
Love doctor niggas get the message
When it comes to baggin a chick, don't be impressive
I get girls, y'all fellas is desperate
You might also like - repeat 2X

Yeah
Yeah, yo
Yo son tap that girl, excuse me miss
You gangster~! Far from a bougie chick
Love the way you talk, your jeans fit nice
Still a lil' hood in you, you just my type
Go 'head swallow that Nuvo, no disrespect
You front on me tonight I'mma bag me a new ho
Spank that ass like a real papichulo
That Jimmy Neutron will sit you right on your culo
 - repeat 2X

That's right sexy lady
Come and have a seat baby
Come get a taste of this Patron and Nuvo
This that Jimmy Neutron baby
Your lipstick lookin all good put your lips on this baby
Come sip on this, aight?
Check it out, let's go3Embed

Y'know? General, general! Word out...
Yeah...
Aiyyo man.. you poppin fuckers
(You better watch your motherfuckin mouth)

It's just rules with beats - you clown niggas can't rule the streets
We set shop! Wu-Tang, we rule the East
Taking over the block!
"From the gate now!"
(You better watch your motherfuckin mouth)
Aiyyo, it's just rules with beats - you clown niggas can't rule the streets
We set shop! Wu-Tang, we rule the East
Taking over the block, you can't fuck with the block!
(You better watch your motherfuckin mouth)

Aiyyo, I stay funky and piley, blue Excelero
They lookin for me, what the fuck you behind me for?
Stressing everything I breathe on
I'm from the boulevard where niggas get jacked and peed on
Whatever homey, we more lavish
I might sneak you in the crib, see my lasers and glasses
Try to get my come up on
Yo, and when you see me, you know I got my "come up" arm on
Cartier called me up, robbery here
We got your seed in the back of the Beemer starving
We like lion killers, catch me on stage with the gauge
In my right hand, grenade and this leather bomber
I scout money, you know we hungry and talk funny
Coughing out corner rappers, don't never walk up on me
I write with only insane Malkovich
My troops gave me money to clown with them, fuck it
(You better watch your motherfuckin mouth)
You might also like
My first gun was a .32, back before uh!
Graduated to the .38, maybe a nine
I prefer the fo' five, stay alive
Techs held the crack gank in '88
8 oz. straight from Florida, the best temp
Camouflage vest, repping the set
Wu on the east wing, twenty-ten, sexy bad
We up at Spain with that thing thing, my crew strong
We take no search for your party dunn, you know how I run
Spray places, cover faces, beat cases
A big mouth will get your teeth knocked the fuck out
Keep a nunchuk, take money, stay ninja
I injure, any motherfuckin contender
(You better watch your motherfuckin mouth)

Hey bitch, your time's up! Go finish them rhymes up
All my soldiers is lined up, my corners is crimed up
Niggas know where to find us, settin the grind up
Police checkin them pies up, my rims are shined up
Wu! We on the rise up, crops supplied up
Plottin niggas demise up, boxed in conduct
Scratch we got 'em sized up, and when the East is in the house
You, you, you, you, you...
(You better watch your motherfuckin mouth)
On the side of the projects, grey skully, bubble 'Lo goose
Mac 11 tucked in front of the belly
Prestigious moves, we killin 'em, hoes we drillin 'em
We like George Foreman out in the streets, we grillin 'em
In the van, .45's and dilly's, ready to slam it
House arrest box is goin off, Tony got grams
Gotta bath tub full of white, lay in it like Sam Montana
Tune 'em out, to blow out, chop 'em like fans
(You better watch your motherfuckin mouth)

This is boulevard hard, lounging in your black car
Camouflage rat guard on "Stomp the Yard"
I-N-S spit monster bars, flip long regards
My click dons bitch, y'all are frauds
I get it in like Tim off the glass
Slamming my name, I'm like the prez, sending men off to blast
What I spit, make 'em spend all their cash
I'm so Wu, so new that I ain't ripped off the tags
(You better watch your motherfuckin mouth)

RZA done birthed us, some curse on purpose
I'm the grouch, my mouth is a circus
Burner plus a good learner, don't need a hood
All I need's a good burner, Nat Turner
Snake rat murderer, all I hear is turf talk
Rack rooms full of goons with bullet wound birthmarks
From the first spark, you heard my response
(Wu-Tang!) More results talkin 'bout whole crew's mission just lost
(You better watch your motherfuckin mouth)
Out the beehive, you dip and you dive
But you still can't survive, you can't see past five
Check the outlook, this is not in the book
You bein dragged across the floor while your 'dro in my hook
Lyrical joust, found all the deal off the books
Steve Rif gave the nod to Universal, good look
Still spit poison venom, Red Monkey and Wu dem
Have any dudes seen the condos? It's all 'em
(You better watch your motherfuckin mouth)

Put my +clan in da front+, +reunite+ 'em
Make 'em all R.S.V.P., if they want it, we don't invite 'em
No beef, less talk and more action
We parole as a whole, we'll send you back in fractions
Break through fanatic, low crates deep in attics
The Abbott pulled out a .45, looped with static
I scrolled through the menu then rolled to the venue
The dress code is armor all, put a hole up in him
(You better watch your motherfuckin mouth)2Embed
Psst
Yo (Yo), yo-yo (Yo), yo (Five-O)
Oh shit, yo (Yo, let me out), run

Ayo, I jumped from the 8th floor step, hit the ground
The pound fell, cops is coming
Running through the pissy stairwells, I ain't hear nothin'
Buggin', only thing I remember was the bullshit summons
So I stopped at the second floor, ran across
Cracks is fallin', my pockets is mean, clean when I vanished off
Took off, made track look easy
The walkie-talkies them D.T.s had, Black, they was rated PG
Run, I will not give up, no, quick, flag the car down (Yo, yo, yo)
Take me to— Ghost, here they come now
Rrt, pull off quick, back up
Hit the bitch dog, turn down Hill, light the Marley spliff
Run, I will not get bagged on a rock
Run, I seen what happened to Un, they bad with they cops
Run, they amp shit, plant shit, destroy evidence
Fuck a case, I'm not coming home when i'm fifty-six (No)
Die with the heart of Scarface and take fifty licks
Before I let these crackers throw me in shit
Bounce if you a good kid, bounce, do the bird hop
Curve, swerve and get served, these cocksuckers got nerve
Heard I was killing shit, they must got word
That I told the chief of Rich Port I don't wanna merge
You might also like
Run if you sell drugs in the school zone
Run if you getting chased with no shoes on
Run, fuck that, run, cops got guns
They givin' out life, like, by the tons
Run if you ain't do shit, you it
That next felony, nigga, is life, three-zip
So, run, hop fences, jump over benches
When you see me coming, get the fuck out the entrance
Run, fuck that, run, cops got guns, motherfucker

Aha, I might got take my shirt off (Yeah, kid)
I like that one (Uh-huh, go in, go in), yo, uh

It's task force Tuesday, the narcs is in the black car
I got five hundred hundred-packs in my backyard
Clear twelve-twelves that look like stuffed shells
I'm cutting niggas' throats on the sales while they puff Ls
Don't leave nothing unbagged, shave everything
I learned from the OGs to save everything
They come by one more time, they gon' hop out
They two deep, and one is a bitch, she getting knocked out
Then I can get rid of the pack
But I just copped this pretty chrome thing, so I'm dippin' with that, uh
Downshifting on 'em like I got gears on me
Besides that, I got about five years on me (Run)
Scared to death, running like I got bears on me (Run)
My Timbs start feeling like they Nike Airs on me (Run)
It's hard for me to slow down, it's like I'm on the Thruway
My belt's in the crib on the floor by my two-way
Now I'm trying to hold my hammer up, and my pants too
If they don't kill me, they gon' give me a number I can't do
Rather it be the streets than jail where I die at
And I'm asthmatic, so I'm looking for somewhere to hide at
But they too close, and I got this new toast
Imagine if I would've let off a shot or two, you know what I gotta do
Run if you sell drugs in the school zone
Run if you getting chased with no shoes on
Run, fuck that, run, cops got guns
They givin' out life, like, by the tons
Run if you ain't do shit, you it
That next felony, nigga, is life, three-zip
So, run, hop fences, jump over benches
When you see me coming, get the fuck out the entrance
Run, fuck that, run, cops got guns, motherfucker2Embed
WOODROW:  Always want a motherfucker… get off me!2Embed
Ayo, I'm lost underwater
I see a pink door with a crystal handle, so I keep swimming
Amazed that I'm not drowning
Butterflies took control when I arrived, I opened the door
No I knocked first, I'm not on my turf
I seen a ray of lights that resemble live fireworks
Some mermaids with Halle Berry haircuts flashing
They tail like follow me now, don't be afraid
I'mma show you where all the djinns and spirits pray
If you scared to face this life you shouldn't stay
So I kept on swimming, grabbed on to her fin to help me out
As we got close I seen the boat all shot up with his anchor out
Then she asked me politely what I'm thinking about, I said nothing
She said nothing leaves nothing
If you feel me I bet this'll bring that out
I seen rubies, diamonds, smothered under octopus
Jellyfish sharks soar, aquaproof pocketbook
Pearls on the mermaid girls
Gucci belts that they rock for no reason from a different world
Up ahead lies Noah's Ark, but that's waves away
And way to the right, that's one of our bangin spas
She quoted I took notice, Spongebob in the Bentley Coupe
Bangin the Isleys, he slow backed up
Then he passed me swoop, seen his chick eyein me hard
He got vexed and smacked his boo
Took off, continued my travels
Seen a rock from the Titanic, looking fat and nah it wasn't damaged
Then I seen somethin real big
Sky blue and gold with whitewalls, behind a large city
That was lost before Christ walked the walk
Upon the waters that's so bright
Everytime we got close the mermaid held on tight
All I heard was "Allahu Akbar, Allahu Akbar"
"Bismillah ar-Rahman, ar-Raheem, Allah screamed"
That we heard from afar, everyone selat
In the world's banginest mosque got crowded in
With life that I can't explain
They said sir yes I'm glad you came, greeted me with Qu'rans and Torahs
Prayed after that we said amenYou might also like4Embed
One, two
....yo!
Aye yo he said I had fly ankles
Plus my bangles was star-studded out. Ice cut it out!
Every time we attend somewhere, you act real terribly
You shit on niggas too much, you start to worry me
You switch up, last week you burned a old lady's retina
I thought them thick Coke bottle jammies might protect her
But it didn't Pah, the lady's blind and it's all your fault
It went down to jury court and you walked
On stage you fuck with nigga's faces, glaciers
Hittin' off with Cristal bottles, bing wind up in the basement
Very expensive championship
Chipped rocks stone for his wedding day, bitches give you props
Look you tied a knot, understand you hot; you got my man popped
In the most famous era, like when "Paid in Full" dropped
Waves and blue tops, raise the roof off the coupe
Them days, the black and red MJ's, I was loose!You might also like1Embed
I was born and raised, in the ghetto
I was born and raised, in the ghetto
I was born and raised, in the ghetto
Listen to me, and just lay up

Park Hill Projects, one eight pound
Holding it down, that's the motto, 'lo goose and lottos
Blunts on the regular, O.G. style
I'm into old V's, swinging in cabs, slinging them OZ's
All I know is running in fiends' labs, hitting the green bags
Visualizing Chef in the green Jag's
Wait til I get on, the haters gonna hate it
In this corner, a rich young don with a crisp lab

*humming*
Brother, listen to me
Brother, listen to me
Listen to me, and just lay up
How do you make your bread in the ghetto?
How do you make your bread in the ghetto?

Hustling, hustle & flow
We make bread in the ghetto, by selling that crack
See niggas that make bread by busting the gat
Might stick a nigga up, stab him dead in his back
It's a dirty bread game, but we get through them stacks
Bread game, rather have bread than fame
Some sell pills and weed, it ain't no joke
Might sell anything as long as we not broke
So if you getting that bread, we be coming for your throat
It's crazy what a brother might do for the bread
Might violate parole til ya family is dead
We get bread in the ghetto, while we ducking the feds
I heard bread in the ghetto got a loaf on his head, come on
You might also like
Brother, listen to me
Brother, listen to me
Listen to me, and just lay up
How do you get rid of rats in the ghetto?

Yo, yo, aiyo we ox 'em, duff 'em, stuff 'em in black bags
Torture them, toss 'em out the window with rift rafts
Cuz we don't take kindly to rats in the ghetto
Either your mouth stay shut or get slapped with the metal
Big fat rats get fried like porkchops for snitching
Get your ass hung like a wall clock
It's Tone Stark, Billy the Kid when the gun bark
A wire sticking out his shirt, he talking to NARC!

How do you raise your kids in the ghetto?
How do you raise your kids in the ghetto?
Feed one child and starve another
Tell me, tell me, and just lay up

We like brothers, we came from the same mothers
In the projects, under the same covers
Wore the same drawers, fucked the same whores
Rolled dice, kicked rhymes, did crimes in the same hall
Sprayed our names on the same wall
Yo, your kids knew my kids, your wiz knew my wiz
Now you caught up in music and showbiz
If that's what it is, then that's what it is
Run up in your crib, with twelve black brothers
That'll digest to live, die just to live
Some called us martyrs, some called us fathers
Run up in the club like the suicide bombers
We be the brothers, ready past lovers
Never wanna see us, blow, we not others
Somewhere in the competition, friends got lost
The money got flipped, your tables got crossed
Now you all caught up in that label talk
Brain dead in the grain of thoughts
With a name and a game that can change New York
We ate from the same fork, pop had the same thought *echo*1Embed
Yo, hand me my surfboard, I'mma surf on these niggas real quick
You know what I mean, show these niggas out
See whose real and see whose fake
Youknowhatimean, it just seem like you niggas float on water
Check this style out... I've never used this shit before (yo, yo)

I got them Beefsteak Charlie's on, size 12, medium
Shy top wallies on, straight from England
I got taps on mines, ya'lls is leaning
Fuck ya star pussies for real, ya'll just dreaming
Wake up, mothafuckas, shape up, feel the pain
What up, stand the fuck up, pull ya cup out for change
Now who wanna step through my backyard?
When this go double platinum I'mma flash hard, like
Oh boy, Toney's the Don, know
With so much paper, call me Enron, so
My peeps blow, check my peacoat
She holds, throw it back, nigga I keep those
Just in case ya'll wanna see a freakshow
Barnum & Bailey's, night of the deepthroats
Dirty mouth niggas, may ya'll eat soap
Shoot one of ya'll, touch my cheese toast

Hey hey, what you say?
This is real hip hop on the line today
It's worth more than any label, on what they pay
I'm here to save hip hop, cuz it's dying away, come on
You might also like
Fiber optic, microscopic
Bulletproof. Yo, I'm glad you copped it
Sony stop it, Def Jam gon' do the opposite
Hov' gon' keep on top of it
I'm real positive, my prerogative
Socrates, mockeries, Betty Croker kids
Go broke, I'mma fucking rob ya crib
And I'mma kill him if I get on top of him
With crazy hammers, nothing but grown man taste
With bandanas, right in front of cameras
Parents planning, feel the cannon
Tanning yogurt niggas, like Dannon
Stretch, yes, I go to war with a banged up vest
Teflon, that was made by Guess
Even my girl got a bulletproof dress
J.Lo shit to runway, laid Prego crisp
Diego, Killah wave-oh, Play-Doh fifth
They ain't no, nigga like Ghost, play those chips
We dying from the guns shots, fatal licks
From yae yo bricks to Adolf spits, we paid off it
The Wally Don, done ate off it
Throwing stones at a glass house, front and get mashed out
My gun turn heads, like bitches with they ass out

Yeah, uh-huh, nigga, ya'll like that shit huh, youknowhatimean
This is real hip hop and shit, youknowhatimean
This is a huh, I'm a true MC, ya'll niggas know how I get down
Ain't none of that commercial shit, youknowhatimean
I'm stuck in that, back in the days, '95
'88, '86 era, of real hip hop and shit
You know what I mean, word up, it's the great Ghost Deini, nigga
I got too many styles, I juggle this shit
Ya'll little niggas out there need to take heedEmbed
Ayo, I’m back after nine years, that’s 36 seasons
Shit is changed up for all types of reasons
Staten Island ain’t the same, shit is lame
No familiar faces son, I’m dodging the game
I want a clean slate, but these cops stay screwin’
Snatching me up off the block, what am I doin’?
Oh, it’s officer Dingle and his sidekick Berry
Driving me around the hood so I could worry
See how fucked up it is there’s crackheads on every corner
Kids in the schoolyard smoking marijuana
I ain’t feeling it, this ain’t the way I left these blocks
And my name’s faded out like some old damn socks
I want respect, these streets was my playground once
I was the Mack across 110th on these stunts
Not once would a nigga test me or gets zesty
I would walk down the street and sneeze, they all blessed me

Been on the battlefield for a long, long time
I can see life closing in on this old body of mine

Yeah, homie, I’m the kingpin called Future
Make a killin’ in these buildings in the millions, got ‘em feeling like Brewster
Shit hot as Fallujah, kids grown now, they cock Rugers
Welcome back to the sewers, where new whips maneuver
No kids playing, no safe and sound havens
There’s tre pound cases, on the playground pavement
No more dudes with 22’s, in their sneaker soles
Kids tote shit that leave your body, with a heap of holes
I’m that neighborhood blizzard, flooding these streets with snow
Heavy iron on the ready, my shit’ll crease your clothes
Keep a flock of sweetest hoes, yeah, I sleeps with those
Little slum young Keyshia Coles with cheaper clothes
Undercovers all around the gutter, they creepin’ low
I stays ahead, kid, I toss bread like pizza dough
I keep the tef' around my torso with the piece below
That bulldog short nose, G be at peace w,ith those, you know?
You might also like
Been on the battlefield for a long, long time
I can see life closing in on this old body of mine

Mama Bear was a church woman, pop’s skated off
I was impaired, an introverted youngin’, a lot changed my course
From nowhere to my first onion then them cops came across Flashed the badge, took my stash, told my little ass get lost
Threw me off when my grind was prime time then
You could step on and stretch mine’s to a nine times ten
I was gone, remembering though that fine line’s thin
So I studied that chessboard and we were all blind men
Dealers ran the streets, but the D’s ran them
I was a killer underneath, but needed expansion
Something to constitute being high in a coupe
The cries from my youth so I applied for the suit
Salute to the enforcer, call me officer now
Supporter of paraphernalia, I toss it around
The link to the cartel, costs is down
It’s that Denzel in training day shit, caution my grounds

Been on the battlefield for a long, long time
I can see life closing in on this old body of mine28Embed
Cleaned up, now I gotta find Bamboo
I changed shit on the block and got rid of the fools
Things'll be different, no need to feel pressured
No more drug houses, little kids could be treasured
The streets ain't filled with crackheads and D's
I go walk around my hood, nigga know my steez
Philly, about to rebuild the nation
Through the knowledge of self, through education

Freeze, motherfucker. Hands, hands, let me see your hands. Get out of the car. Get out of the fucking car. Get out, eat some fucking dirt. Get on the fucking ground

I seen the police pull up, and rides hopped out
Put your hand behind your back, you're guilty without a doubt
What you mean, son? We built on this
Illegal chokeholds, slap cuffs on my wrist
I don't know what you talking about, boy, I'm the authority
I'm just here to question up minority
A thug drug pusher, violent man of deception
And you just happen to fit the description

Nigga, you just another pawn in my chess game. I taught you everything you know, I run this motherfucking city. Think you gon' fuck everything up? You got the right to remain silent. Anything you say will be used against you in the court of law. (Faggot ass police nigga, man) Nigga, you're going away for a long time
You might also like
Okay, I got it, niggas just set me up
Do their dirty work and thrown behind bars
You want wars? You got it - Tony ain't the one
I told you before, I make murdering fun
Gotta swindle the kid, have me masking your enemies
It's all good in my chest, I got ten of these hearts
And I vow for revenge
Tony don't stand for crumbs and fake friends

It's funny, only if niggas really knew
Got the keys to the city, I could kill a whole crew
Put the squeeze on the willy, get silly, go fool
Chop a nigga up, blame his body on his dude
What it do? It's bigger than the boys in blue
Beyond definition what this falls into
M's in my optic, no ends to the profits
Judges, prosecutors, politicians in my pocket
Hostage, high life, living on the edge
Toxic in hindsight, see me when I'm dead
Pledge, sworn in to serve and protect
What a web, catch a head, then I'm on to the next
Shit be booing, played out scripts, need a new one
I dare a nigga doubt what I'm doing
Moving, cash rules everything around me
Crown me, I'm trying to squeeze blood out the county3Embed
Ayo!, Gas Mask down
It’s revenge mode
I gotta level my levels
So I don’t explode
Gotta stay focused
Put on the Killah face
Figure how to get em’ all in the same place
Plot thickens, it’s all about the strategies
I look down in my bag and see a stack of cheese
Start making calls, buying artillery
Landmines and shit, niggas is killing me
Aiming for the block where all the magic happens
Call 911 report a kidnapping…

Fuck a Glock
Hundred shots from the ooo-wop
Let’s bring it back to them blocks off the new lots
Who a cop, nigga? I started from the shoe box
You grew a lot
But I schooled you how to do drops
In my tube socks spraying from the rooftops
92’ props
Banging for my blue tops
It’s me and you Ak , Biggie verses 2Pac
You forgot
I’m the one who let you rock
Yellow brick squares yeah
Nigga I’m the wiz here
Can never fear
Fuck boy you just live here
Kill your kids here, put you in a wheel chair
And leave you there with that ice grill stare Tony
You know you know me
The one and only
The ruler of Eukanuba
Do my dirt all by my lonely
Motherfucker
You might also like
It's me nigga!
You know that work I put in!
You really feeling yourself!
Should've stayed gone, motherfucker!

Raj came quick
Like he’s suppose to
I’m going postal
Caught a gang member - Blew him bi-costal
Brains all over the block - it’s hot
Crooked cops running up in the game to see my plot
They about to meet in the street where the bomb’s set
Detonate like a war vet and jet
Duck behind cars, Blowing ARs
Glock 9s poppin,  Bodies droppin’
I’m taking out knee caps and anyone standin'
Perfect timing, perfect plannin'
I’m filling funeral homes and graves
It’s no surprise
GFK the only one to survive!

You know what I mean?
Cause when the real kids come at you, nigga it's over3Embed
This nigga Tony think he back? Fuck that, I'ma fold niggas
Make a mothafuckin' example out him, I'ma show niggas
Around the way I done told them niggas
Fuck the OGs, we got the same type of guns as them older niggas
I know he killed the dawg so I'm holdin' grudge
It's a homi' on any and everybody that he love
Hold up, there go his man Mick
In the car with his kids, I'ma split his mothafuckin' wig
Follow him to the crib and park up the block
Go in the trunk, grab my mothafuckin' 40 Glock
On my way thinkin' this nigga gotta get it
I'ma empty out the clip so that Tony gets the message
Kick in the door, started lettin' off
Mick fell through the table, got wrapped up in the tablecloth
Skated off in the darkness of night
Left my callin' card on the body and said "fuck your life"

Shit is brutal, I gotta get made then bounce
36 seasons, I'm stuck back on the couch
Like a potato, I don't play though
I'm stone cold son, these lames is built like Play-Doh
I seen Mick's body on the floor covered in sheets
And a note that says I'm a dead man walkin'
An empty soul just headed for the coffin
This is crazy, they took my brother, they must be clueless
I'ma get that mothafucka, I'm ruthless
Relentless,  than a dusted out Navy Seal
I'ma skin him alive, that's for real
I ain't goin' nowhere, they let the beast out the cage
The face of a killer, straight up, on a rampage
War path, blood bath, a killing spree
I'ma show these mothafuckas how it's meant to be
You might also like
Ayo go against the grain, I smell a massacre
I'll stick a bomb in your limo, blow up your passengers
Kill every one of 'em, leave no witnesses
Time for revenge, now live out your sentences
Ayo go against the grain, I smell a massacre
I'll stick a bomb in your limo, blow up your passengers
Kill every one of 'em, leave no witnesses
Time for revenge, now live out your sentences

I ain't goin' nowhere
I ain't goin' nowhere
Y'all mothafuckas comin' for my head?
This is Tony Starks, you can't stop me, mothafucka
Nigga I wipe my dick on your spaghetti fork, nigga
I'm gettin' this money, nigga, for life, nigga, forever
And I ain't talkin' 'bout shoebox money neither, niggaEmbed
Yo, I've seen Raj
He been a friend for years
Now your boy in blue, how he switched up gears
He said how I been?
I got a ear full of bad news
Your block is corrupt and it's time to choose
We got some niggas running drugs that can't be touched
Unless you wanna' handle the dirt, it'll mean so much
I said I got this, message received
I'mma clean up the block like you wouldn't believe
Call me Mr. Clean, aka Starkiano
Nine years later slid across the Verrazano
Clean sweep, apply pressure to the scum
This is my town, Stapleton is where I'm from
Third shot slapped in the head with a juice box
Grenade with no pin in his mouth, this is my block
And Bamboo fucking with this is absurd
I'mma handle my bee's wax, that's my word

Came up out the darkness, searching for light
I know home is where my heart is
And now nothing seems right
I tried to make peace and cut my losses
And carry on somehow
But I've come much too far, man
Too late to turn back now, here I go again
Here I go again
Here I go again
Here I go again
You might also like
9 joints, my nigga you’re home
Streets is different

Yeah, yeah, welcome home Starks
Remember us at the jams in the parks?
Olde Gold guzzlers, Wallabee Clarks
Young cold hustlers, obviously sharp
Voom with the purpose to bloom, so in tune
Dialogue like Disciples in the circle of goons
My ace boon, then you got sent to the tombs
And shit went left, had to pinch my flesh
And figure some other scheme to get cream, reign supreme
You know everything ain't what it seem
So I switched up size, had to switch up lives
Now I can fuck life and rip her thighs
A badge and a gun that's legal, it's more lethal
Than any local dealer that's evil leading peoples
The sequel, me and you both could split a loaf
Just need you a little closer
You could squeeze that toast
And knock off targets, starting with the hardest
By next year my nigga, we be the largest
Felonies done with no charges
Came up out the darkness, searching for light
I know home is where my heart is
And now nothing seems right
I tried to make peace and cut my losses
And carry on somehow
But I've come much too far, man
Too late to turn back now, here I go again
Here I go again
Here I go again
Here I go again1Embed
Never wanted to get left alone
I didn't know how to go along without you
Is it too late?
Did I make a mistake?
Think about the times we shared
Through the good and bad. Don't feel so sad
Is it too late?
Did I make a mistake?

Yeah yeah, did I make a mistake?
No no, is it too late?
Oh oh, did I make a mistake?
Yeah, yeah, uh

Never wanted to get left alone
I didn't know how to go along without you
Is it too late?
Did I make a mistake?
Think about the times we shared
Through the good and bad. Don't feel so sad
Is it too late?
Did I make a mistake?
You might also like
Yeah yeah, did I make a mistake?
No no, is it too late?
Oh oh, did I make a mistake?
Yeah, yeah, uh1Embed
I grace the block with my presence; all praises do
Now the neighborhood like "Tony we love you"
It's all good and staying at my brother Mick's house
Made his house my home. Enter the zone
Buried him in front law. Put up a Tombstone
I seen Bammy. That's my nickname for Bamboo
She like "what up Tone? How are you?
Can we speak? I got some explaining to do"
See your absence made me forget who you were
And I love you for you. I need a second chance, boo
I say it's all good. 36 seasons was long
You got weak but I'm here to help weather the storm
You gotta just think with me. Shit'll get stinky
I gotta clean the whole motherfucking city
The government's greedy flushing drugs down these streets
Thugs out here criminals dressed as police

Call my name when you need me
I'll be there quick fast in a hurry
No need to worry
The all mighty GFK the masked Avenger
New York's top contender, City defender
Call my name when you need me
I'll be there quick fast in a hurry
No need to worry
The all mighty GFK the masked Avenger
New York's top contender, City defender
You might also like
Ayo, these streets is political, analytical
The government got you on strike by the visual
The TV the crack epidemic, the real drug dealers
Fake cops is true apologetic

How would you like to be in the court of law? How would you like for me to put a bullet in your head as large as a baseball?

Call my name when you need me
I'll be there quick fast in a hurry
No need to worry
The all mighty GFK the masked Avenger
New York's top contender, City defender
Call my name when you need me
I'll be there quick fast in a hurry
No need to worry
The all mighty GFK the masked Avenger
New York's top contender, City defender1Embed
Like a plague, dope and them pushers, they'll destroy us, it's gunna get worse

Yeah fam listen, I'm ambitious
I'll leave a man missing
Plain and simple, tickin' under his transmission
Did my first hit 12 years old, pants sliddin'
A little place in Coney Island called the clam kitchen
I walk right up on the table where I can't miss em
And his bodyguard coming out of the can pissin'
The two waiters serving plates stood in a trance, shivering
I carried out the damn mission, that's loyalty
No regrets anything less will destroy the peace
A boss is a boss learn to respect royalty
Run off with money get put down in the soil free
Now sit down and enjoy the feast, boys kapeesh
Been running here for 9 years
And believe me none of them kind years
I done lost about 9 peers
Crime career never find fear
Soulless eyes my guys got a blind stare

My intuition told me play my position and stay loyal
You ain't got to get your hands dirty, I'll do it for you
I grew up on the crime side, the New York time side
And gave up on everything when my moms died
Perfected my craft on rooftops and staircases
Pulled robberies with no mask showing my bare face
Keep it G, low key, and never ball out
Got with a sick ass clique and went all out
Gat for gat back to back we can brawl out
Hundred deep run up in Macy's and aired em all out
Just give the ordering my niggas will come
Give me your gun, point em out and consider it done
The streets fathered me, so I'm considered its son
Keep it real stay sucker free and the figures will come
Live by the gun and put my life on the line
Anybody can get left bullets right through your mindYou might also like2Embed
Money Miggs, let's get him
I need help to plan an attack twist back these youngin's
Tired of the run-in's, these niggas ain't live
Nine years in the desert, son, they couldn't survive
We're gonna ambush. Blow out the windows, set flames
Turn the pilots on, set up bombs by the maze
Blow brains, tie niggas up to the radiators

They ain't gladiators we gon' crush 'em
Push 'em to the edge, bum rush 'em
You know how we do. OG style I dress like the pizza man
And when they answer the door you come out the van blazin'
Flame-throwing niggas like shish kebabs

Toasty, roasty, they be like Ghost be crazy as shit
They fucking with the wrong one
Son of a gun, I make murdering fun
You took my baby, my block, and corrupted my hood
I'm a do it for my hometown, New York understood
I see laboratories, chemicals and shit
They cooking right here on the block. I'm throwing a fit
Destructo, destroying houses like wreckin' balls
Crushing your foundation you sit somewhere, inspect the fall
You might also like
Chill. Back the fuck up; it's gonna blow
He gotta face full of powder and that blue-like snow
The explosion threw him twenty feet in the air
He hit the floor and his face just stuck in blank stare
Hey yo, Tone. Hey yo, Tone. Wake the fuck up
The chemical burns on his face, I wanna throw up
I hugged him, felt his heart beatin', his chest breathin'
Fuck the police, son, I ain't leavin'
Scooped him, threw him in the van and split
Took him back to the crib and shit, we gon' fix it

Hey yo, get him (I got 'em)
We gon' rock 'em
Try dealin' shit on my block, you got a problem
It's Tony Starks and Money Migg, the OG's
Schoolin' niggas in these streets with no degrees

"Yeah. That's right, nigga. What you want? (??) black ass."

I hear 'em talkin' gun talk, that's my language (language)
Hollows up in the chambers, a hundred shots that'll angle (yeah)
Soon as a nigga aim 'em, they blowin' like James Ingram (word)
Nickle plates from '88, shit'll "Wrath Of Kane" em (Kane 'em)
I'll pee on a handball court wall where they paint 'em (now hold that)
I'll fuckin' yellow-stain 'em
Them niggas out of pocket with it (word)
Buck shots, left his big man chopped to a midget (blaow-blaow)
Rippin' crazy shit, poppin' from a Civic
Warm biscuit tryin' to put this nigga Starks in a barrel
Them slugs hit the wall, I assassinated his shadow (damn)
At the train yard, my tires rollin' over gravel (yeah)
I hope I hear him step on the third rail and crackle
Now I'm hoppin' out the whip, gotta finish this
My biggest hammer about to show him what the business is
Parked trains, darker rain, ain't no witnesses (where he at?)
I swore I heard his footsteps right behind me (word, yo)
So, I turned around quick to do this nigga slimy
Nothin' but a black stray cat ran over line three (what's that?)
A homeless man rollin' cans in a shoppin' cart (oh, shit)
And then, from top of the train, came a pop, a spark
Tried to pop back but I was locked in a arch
The nigga hit his mark right on top of my heart (aw, damn)
My whole chest went numb and the pain got sharp (down)
Fell face down on the ground, saw the Timberland mark
He bopped, swingin' the gun like a pendulum arm
The silencer on the shit was like a Michelin part
Then everything faded out, became of victim of Starks1Embed
It’s a Thin Line Between Love and Hate
It’s a Thin Line Between Love and Hate
It's five o'clock in the morning and I'm just getting in
I knock on the door and a voice sweet and low says
(Who is it) She opens up the door and lets me in (let me in)
Never once did she say where have you been?
She said, (are you hungry), are you hungry honey, (did you eat)
Yeahhh, let me hang up your coat
The woman says, pass me your hat
And all the while she's smiling
Never raises her voice
It's five o'clock in the morning and I don't give it a second thought
It’s a Thin Line Between Love and Hate
Don't think you can keep breaking your woman's heart
It’s a Thin Line Between Love and Hate
And you should sit back and enjoy it
(It’s a Thin Line), Yes it is, yes it is, (Between Love and Hate)
She gonna fool you one day
The sweetest woman in the world, can be the meanest woman in the world
(If you like her that way)
You keep hurting her, she keep being quiet
She might be holding something inside, she gonna hurt you one day
Now I'm laying in the hospital, bandaged from feet to head
In a state of shock, just that much from being dead
I didn't think my woman can do something like this to me
I didn't think the girl had the nerve
Here I am, I guess actions speak louder than words
It’s a Thin Line Between Love and Hate
Don't keep thinking you can keep treating your woman bad
It’s a Thin Line Between Love and Hate
She won't ever get mad
(It’s a Thin Line), Yes it is, yes it is, (Between Love and Hate)
She's gonna fool you one day
(It’s a Thin), It's a line thin, (Line Between Love and Hate), between love and hate
It’s a Thin Line Between Love and Hate
She's gonna fool you one day
(It’s a Thin Line), Yes it is, (Between Love and Hate)
You might also like
*Sounds of loading bullets into a gun
Hey Tone!
Whats the deal?
They wanna play?
Let's get these motherfuckers!3Embed
Ayo a knight locked up in the cage, I'm enraged
But plenty of time to think of my position
This cop is corrupt, he gotta be in the mix of shit
He set me up so this nigga be fixin' shit
So I took out his competition
So he's my competition, that makes my decision
Easy, he gotta be the lord of the drugs
And that's Bamboo's man, that's where he stands
He played both sides of the fence on some real-real shit
Counterfeit thug, tryna play legit
Seen the bars slide open as I bought off a bail
I seen Bamboo waitin' as I exit the jail
She said, "Please Ton', you gots to go
You can't stay around this part of town." Already know
I'm blowin' bail, headin' up north, free in the country
She gave me a hug and a big stack of money

Sometimes you gotta figure out the pieces to the puzzle
Right in front of your face, stop the hustle
Take off the muzzle, let the dogs bark
Clear your mind, bring the light to the dark
Sometimes you gotta figure out the pieces to the puzzle
Right in front of your face, stop the hustle
Take off the muzzle, let the dogs bark
Clear your mind, bring the light to the dark
You might also like
My cash missin', my lab different
Where the fuck is Bamboo? She need an ass whippin'
I was told Ton' was home, I'm way past fifth and
Guess it's time to get in my zone, this my last mission
Did what I could do with this pump and I'm like fuck it
Feelin' like Hammer on crutches, he can't touch this
Illustrious, multi movements
I drew the blueprints but now it's time for improvements
Press his peoples, left a message, nothin' peaceful
Shit police do, we could never be a equal
Execution, I get it in, retribution
Best solution, get up close when you're shootin'
Shit for realler, I'm mad raw with a killer
What's even iller, I knew the boss since Thriller
'Til we're even, I guess it's gon' be grievin'
A lot can change in 36 seasons

Sometimes you gotta figure out the pieces to the puzzle
Right in front of your face, stop the hustle
Take off the muzzle, let the dogs bark
Clear your mind, bring the light to the dark
Sometimes you gotta figure out the pieces to the puzzle
Right in front of your face, stop the hustle
Take off the muzzle, let the dogs bark
Clear your mind, bring the light to the dark1Embed
Doctor X enter the crib, worked on the kid
Created a mask that allowed me to breathe
But couldn't extract the chemicals from my body
Poisonous lethal doses, comatosis
In and out of conscious, drugs is ferocious
The mass released the gas that simmered the soul
So my adrenaline stays level not out of control
I been contaminated, physically altered
Got wrong for doing right, my attitude salted
I'm bitter, I clean up the community
Fuck these New York City cops, I don’t need immunity

Fuck 911, private doctor on speed dial
Slid to the aisle, fixed up the golden child
Exquisite doctor, his work of art
Created a gas mask to save Tony Starks
Fuck 911, private doctor on speed dial
Slid to the aisle, fixed up the golden child
Exquisite doctor, his work of art
Created a gas mask to save Tony Starks

I specialize in telekinesis, recognize the thesis
The leading expert on war and weaponized diseases
The brilliant Doctor X, no scientist is colder
The mask I made specifically protects you from Ebola
Its destruction is impossible, totally irrelevant
The compounds are not found on the periodic table of elements
Adamantium plus Vibranium
The force field that builds will shield your cranium
If anyone would try to place the mask upon their face
The mask will rupture
It's designed to match your molecular structure
Plus the gold was to give it a touch of luster
To match the eagle bracelet and adjust to your repulsive thrusters
Busta psychology, the wallaby that adapts to the environment
That's chameleon technology
But I digress, I must confess
The mask is unequivocally my best invention yet, Doctor X
You might also like
Fuck 911, private doctor on speed dial
Slid to the aisle, fixed up the golden child
Exquisite doctor, his work of art
Created a gas mask to save Tony Starks
Fuck 911, private doctor on speed dial
Slid to the aisle, fixed up the golden child
Exquisite doctor, his work of art
Created a gas mask to save Tony Starks1Embed
My God, so they are killers
I've heard lots of people say once a man's a killer, they just keep on killing and killing
They sort of develop a taste for blood
Yeah, that's right
They kill one man, or kill ten
It's all the same (Yes)
After all, they can only hang you once

Both hands clusty, chillin' with my man Rusty
Low down, blew off the burner, kinda dusty
The world can't touch Ghost, purple tape, Rae co-host
Monty Hall expo, intellect, you read pro
Son's triflin' fuck, wildflower on the cycle and
Picked up the broom thought I was Michael-in'
West Brighton Pool, now I'm into Iron Duels
Turn nuns to Earths, Whoopi, she at Allah school
Inhale break beats of Hell a-alikes propel parallel
Duracell knot, you flashed a burnt cell
Snap out of Candyland, kids, the old rumor is
Blacks become immune and shit, we never did
Like eating dead birds, trust the pharmacy over herbs
Men marrying men, ill they got the urge, pulsar
Scissor hand wig vanished in the winter, living off land
You god damn right I fuck fans, king me
Check, checkmate, props like the micro chip founder
Neck to neck stock with Bill Gates now
You might also like
When we hug these mics we get busy (Busy)
Come and have a good time with G-O-D (G-O-D)
Make you snap your fingers or wiggle (Wiggle)
Scream, shout, laugh or just giggle (Giggle)
Shake that body, party that body
Don't fuck with Ghost, you'll feel sorry
That's word, I'm not the herb
Understand what I'm saying, saying, saying?

Hit mics like Ted Koppel, rifle expert
Let off the Eiffel, burn a flag in your grass, spiteful
Ringleader set it off, rap Derek Jeter
Culprit, prince of the game, wish you could see us
We lay low, glitter wax full bangles
Priceless ropes, lay around the God, get tangled
Woolly hair, eyes fiery red, feet made of brass
Twelve men following me, it be the God staff
Move, every script's like Miramax
Smashed the big boy, totaled it, Wilshire and Fairfax
Sun beamin', wifey on the beach sipping Zima
Wu 'binos to Latinos, we love Selena
Overnight, God schedules, FedEx
Pretty silhouette, velvet nice, DNA scroll genetics
Too hot to handle, one thought from scrambling the mandolin
Hundred game Wilt Chamberlain, smack 'em, say when
He rollin' up, face wrinkled up, hands is on his nuts
Yo kid, stop fronting on the grounds 'fore you get touched
It's Canada Dry sess with Allah, son
We want rye, we want it so bad we might cry
For every blow, depends on breath control
So it's the first thing you must learn
Fortunately it's easy
You'll soon learn
My God, so they are killers
Killing and killing
They sort of develop a taste for blood
My God, so they are killers
My God— My God, so they are killers16Embed
Wu-Tang Clan and Ironman
Lead us to the promised land
And we will build up on this land
Until we free all Black man
Iron man
Lead us to the promised land
Teach us how to make our plan
Through love and economic plan
Living out Allah god plan
Wu-Tang Clan (Wu-Tang Clan)

Lead us to the promised land
And we will build up on this land
Until we free all Black man
Iron man
Lead us to the promised land
Teach us how to make our plan
Through love and economic plan
Living out Allah's god plan
Congratulations Ironman, the entire free world is proud of you
You'll be happy to know there is hope
Ironman has won his battleYou might also likeEmbed