Put the whoop on 'em (Ice Cube, a.k.a. Don Mega)
Put the whoop on 'em (a.k.a. Poppa Don)
Put the whoop on 'em (a.k.a. the Big Fish)
Put the whoop on 'em (a.k.a. Brainiac)
Keep it gangsta y'all, Keep it gangsta (uh huh)
Keep it gangsta y'all, Keep it gangsta (Keep it gangsta)
Keep it gangsta y'all, Keep it gangsta (all my life)
Keep it gangsta y'all, Keep it gangsta (all my life)

Everyting is real on this concrete and steel
Niggas peel your cap for a happy meal
I got to deal with this wall of confusion, world of illusions
We ain't losin' playa (never), we's winnin'
Playin' every night when we sendin' paper chasing, grinin'
While you still chasin' women 'round tables no lieutenants
You's your own man grown, (hook it up)
It's Ice Cube and the family stone
Breakin' bread every night in L.A
And I pray, for one more day that's unate (check it)
It's 90 degrees no enemies in sight
Even the Don gotta fall to his knees every night

Can I get 24 more hours (can I get get)
Without dealin' with these killers and these cowards (can I can can)
I don't wanna lose, all I wanna do is win
I fucked up today, can I try it again?
You might also like
I'm lovin' every breath like a cold sip of soda
While I'm bankin' down these back streets, thanks for lookin' over
Damn sure nice to know ya, fuck a four leaf clover
And thanks for this range rover
We gets down with this underground gangsta shit
Politians and parents, always havin' a fit
Everybody wanna know "who you with?" "where you from?"
Why you lookin' at me dumb?
Here's a bullet cause you number one
Nobody knows, the fate of a platinum rap star (nobody knows)
We gotta wait until tommorow
(yeah yeah)
And I'm a nigga like you (yeah yeah)
You know I got the bar

Can I get 24 more hours (can I get get)
Without dealin' with these killers and these cowards (can I can can)
I don't wanna loose, all I wanna do is win
I fucked up today, can I try it again?
Put the whoop on 'em (look to Allah)
Put the whoop on 'em (pray to your God)
Put the whoop on 'em (I look to Allah)
Put the whoop on 'em (pray to your God)
Mister prosperity, these niggas wanna bury me
Your bitch wanna marry me
Rollin' more than a cherokee
Don't, I drive what I want, and what I ain't drivin' I don't want
Let it be known (let it be known)
Permits hit the conk in the reagal
But weez legal niggas dollars got bald eagles nigga
You can't undermine Mister Grime
You rappin' 'bout the same shit I rapped about in '89
Tryin' to be the new find (never), but rap's complex
They love you one minute and they hate you the next
Push my lex thru the california sunshine
Look back on my life and say "damn I've done fine"
(damn) (I've done fine)
Mister Ice Cube, I'm always on the grind
(always, always)
The Don Mega Mega Don, Don Mega Mega Don

Can I get 24 more hours (can I get get)
Without dealin' with these killers and these cowards (can I can can)
I don't wanna lose, all I wanna do is win
I fucked up today, can I try it again?
Keep it gangsta y'all, Keep it gangsta (keep it gangsta)
Keep it gangsta y'all, Keep it gangsta (everybody)
Keep it gangsta y'all, Keep it gangsta (Keep it gangsta)
Keep it gangsta y'all, Keep it gangsta (all my life)
I know we can make it, I know that we can
I know damn well that we can work it out
I know we can make it, I know that we can
I know damn well that we can work it out
I know we can make it, I know that we can
I know damn well that we can work it out
I know we can make it, I know that we can
I know damn well that we can work it out
And we can work it out, we goan work it out
My niggas work it out, help us work it out1Embed
(Are you ready?)
(Fuck that, Ice Cube coming back at you with another motherfucking bomb)

I was told, 'cause I didn't witness the whole act
In and out was the movement of the bozack
It was hot and sweaty and lots of pushin'
Then the nut came gushin'
And it was hell trying to bail to the ovary
With nothing but the Lord lookin over me
I was white with a tail
But when I reached the finish line, young black male!
One cell made two, and two cells made fo'
And so on, so now I'm a embryo
Then I got a hunch
That I'mma be on lockdown, for nine months
Chillin', with my mother to guide me
And nuttin' but a stomach to hide me
From all that worry and bullshit
Nine months later, I elbow pull and kick
'Cause my time is up and I don't care
With one big push, I'm outta there
June 15th, it's just my luck
In 1969, a nigga is the product
You might also like(Ghetto-ass nigga, you ain't shit
And you ain't gon' never be shit!)

I learned how to walk and talk and all that
They put me in school, but it don't matter
'Cause I'm sitting in history
Learning bout a sucker, who didn't give a fuck about me
They try to shape us
But I know Uncle Sam is a motherfucking rapist
So I stopped paying attention
Ice Cube, headed, straight to detention
Fuck that shit, I roam the hallways
I'm sent home and I don't got all A's
A high school dropout
My father had beef so I tried to knock pops out
But I got tossed, he's the boss
I'm out of there and mad 'cause I lost
Now being on my own is a factor
So I become, the neighborhood jacker
Gimme your car, run your jewels
Making a living robbing fools
And if I let my nine rang out
You know, it'll make your brains hang out
So what's your fate?
Am I the nigga you love, or the one you love to hate?
The wrong answer is said, the nigga fled
I pump lead, now he's in a puddle of red
And if you got a buck, you're shit out of luck
Stuck up by the motherfucking product
(Uh-uh motherfucker you gots to get a job
If you wanna stay in my motherfucking house)
(Many young men reject the traditional values
That are important to their parents
Church, school and family
Have been replaced by street, turf, and gang)

Twenty-one now, and paid in full
Feeling bad, from all the shit I pulled
On people back in the day
Plus, I got a little baby on the way
So I'm trying to go straight
I'm with my baby's momma, out on a date
Til the punk ass cops ran my plate
Now I'm on a bus upstate
"Oh, the young nigga done caught a case!"
(Eating in the mess hall, saying my grace)
Sent to a concrete ho-house
Where all the products go, no doubt
Yo momma, I gotta do eleven
Living in a five-by-seven
Dear baby, your man's getting worn out
Of seeing young boys getting they assholes torn out
And then he got shanked with a spoon
And he was supposed to get out soon
Is it my fault, he was caught in production
Where a young black life means nothin'
Just because, I didn't want to learn your grammar
You say I'm better off in the slammer
And it's driving me batty
'Cause my little boy, is missing daddy
I'm ashamed, but the fact is
I wish pops let me off on the mattress
Or should I just hang from the top bunk
But that's going out like a punk
My life is fucked
But it ain't my fault, 'cause I'm the motherfucking product
(He ain't shit)4Embed

Please welcome O'Shea Jackson, better known as Ice Cube!
How you doin'?
 How you doin'?

Good to see you!
Well known that the Crips and the Bloods are allegedly coming together
Yeah, you've been a lot in the media lately than other rappers we'd mentioned earlier, Cube, that uhm...
You know? You have been labelled a lot of things
What do you say to the people when they accuse you of being anti-Semitic (Fuck 'em!), uh, anti-Korean (Fuck 'em!), and basically a perpetrator of violence because of your lyrics?
It's probably the reason why they say that it's because some of the lyrics were...
Aimed at the women, bitches and hoes, and all that
I wanna talk a little bit about that, too
Because we saw the parents' discussion about this last time and.. (Yeah!)
–So and brothers, uhm... folks walkin' around, totin' guns, uhm...
All that kinda stuff, do you think that sometimes those images and those lyrics...
Help white folks justify their continual racism against us, or continue racism against us? (nah!)

I-I speak...in a perspective as uh... brothers on...
What we need to do is look in the mirror
I-I, I do want the white community to understand our community more...
And see what's going on, and see what- what, uh...the things they've done to us in the past...
Are still affectin' us now... mentally, you know?
And... the reason I said it's because, I mean everything I said about, uh, uhm... you know?
Everything I said on records before the riots, you know? Uhh... (ahem!)
Anything you want to know about the riots...
Was in the records before the riots! All you had to do was go...
To the Ice Cube library and, and, and...
You might also like In, in, in...

Pick a record and it would have told you
You know? I've given warnings...

So in other words, it's almost like a... war-warning or prophecy?

I-I've, I've given...
I've given so many warnings on what's going to happen
If we don't get these, uh...
These, these things straight in our lives, the clashes the-then, you know?
Armageddon is-is-is near! Eh-heh! 

This here...
These words all about money1Embed
(Yeah, got him now)
Hey, Cube! Cube, boy!
What, what? Whattup?
Get your ass UP!
(Ohh, shit)
Time to go!
Ooh, man, shit
We goin' for a 'little walk
(Close 7!)
'Ey, man. 'Ey, man!
What?
I never did like you
Open it up!
Strap him in! All right, calm down. You got any last words?
Yeah. Yeah, I got some last words... fuck all y'all!
Switch
Was America willing to maintain order, no matter what the cost?You might also like2Embed
- Prior to gangsta rap music, the world was a peaceful place. And then all of that changed: violence, rape, murder, arson, theft, war. These are all things that came about as a result of gangsta rap music- But wasn't Compton dangerous before gangsta rap ?
- Wrong! Compton was a nature preserve for bunny rabbits. When gangsta rap came along, they tore down the country clubs and put up housing projects!
(Maestro!!!) Blame me!
You niggas know my pyroclastic flow
You niggas know my pyroclastic flow flow
You niggas know my pyroclastic flow
It's R-A-W, R-A-W

You lookin' at the grand wizard
Warlord, vocal chord so vicious
And I don't have to show riches
To pull up, pull off with some bad bitches
And it ain't about chivalry
It's about dope lyrics and delivery
It's about my persona
Ain't nothin' like a man that can do what he wanna
Ain't nothin' like a man that you knew on the corner
See 'em come up and fuck up the owner
See 'em throw up Westside California
Nigga, I'm hot as Phoenix, Arizona
I'm Utah: I got multiple bitches
It's a new law, keep a hold of your riches
Dumb nigga, don't spend it as soon as you get it
And recognize I'm a captain and you a lieutenant
You might also like
I can say what I want to say
Ain't nothin' to it, gangsta rap made me do it
If I call you a nigga
Ain't nothin' to it, gangsta rap made me do it
I can act like an animal
Ain't nothin' to it, gangsta rap made me do it
If I eat you like a cannibal
Ain't nothin' to it, gangsta rap made me do it

I'm raw as a dirty needle
Choke an eagle, just to feed all my people
Lyrically I'm so lethal
Plant thoughts in they mind just to defeat you
Ice Cube is a saga
Y'all spit saliva, and I spit lava
I got the fearless flow
Don't get near this, ho, if you scared to go
I keep it gangsta, and why should I change that?
Fuck you old mothafuckas tryin' to change rap
But ain't you the same cat
That sat back when they brought cocaine back?
I'm tryin' to get me a Maybach
How you mothafuckas gonna tell me "don't say that"?
You the ones that we learned it from
I heard nigga back in 1971
So if I act like a pimp
Ain't nothin' to it, gangsta rap made me do it
If I call you a nappy-headed ho
Ain't nothin' to it, gangsta rap made me do it
If I shoot up your college
Ain't nothin' to it, gangsta rap made me do it
If I rob you of knowledge
Ain't nothin' to it, gangsta rap made me do it

Thank God when I bless the mic
You finally get to hear the shit that you like
A nigga talkin' about real life
So you can try to get this shit right
Use your brain, not your back
Use your brain, not a gat; it's a party, not a jack
Don't be scared of them people
Walk up in there and show them that you equal
And don't be material
A nigga grew up on milk and cereal
I never forgot Van Ness and imperial
Look at my life, Ice Cube is a miracle
It could be you if you was this lyrical
It could be her if she was this spiritual
‘Cause me and Allah go back like cronies
I ain't gotta be fake, ‘cause he is my homie
If I sell a little crack
Ain't nothin' to it, gangsta rap made me do it
If I die in Iraq
Ain't nothin' to it, gangsta rap made me do it
If I take you for granted
Ain't nothin' to it, gangsta rap made me do it
If I fuck up the planet
Ain't nothin' to it, gangsta rap made me do it

You niggas know my pyroclastic flow
You niggas know my pyroclastic flow-flow
You niggas know my pyroclastic flow
It's R-A-W, R-A-W

Oh yeah, and another thing
For all y'all niggas that don't do gangsta rap
Don't get on TV talkin' about gangsta rap
‘Cause 9 times out of 10
You don't know the fuck you talkin' about
Talk about that bullshit rap you do
Stay the fuck out of mine44Embed
Nearly 2 Decades Ago
Ice Cube
When I think that nigga Ice Cube I think of, uh...
West Coast to the fullest
Big ass W
AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted
Fuck the police
West Side.....You might also likeEmbed
Yo, niggas, what's happenin' out there?
This muthafuckin' MP, nigga to kizzon, You heard me?
Hookin' out with my nigga, Ice Cube & all
We servin' y'all salted niggas, hot wings, nigga
Y'all better realize that this muthafuckin' War & Peace shit, so muthafuckin' Trill
I mean so muthafuckin' real
When niggas from the sizzouth & niggas from the west & the east & the muthafuckin' north hook up
And show y'all muthafuckers that don't matter
Where ya from is how ya come 'cause we all 'about that cheddar nigga the green muthafuckin' Benjamin's, You heard me?
We gon' stay 'About It, 'About It, rowdy, rowdy
And my real niggas, this shit for y'allYou might also likeEmbed
This ain't Sinatra!
This ain't the Carter!
I am the chaperone nigga...Who brought ya!
I am the author! This is Holy water!
From the Holy Father...The Rock of Gibraltar!
Step up to the altar! Step up to the slaughter!
Get circumsize son and turned into a daughter!
Niggas know they oughta drink the fucking Kool-Aid!
Industry laid out authorities are too late!
MC's passed the due date! Niggas? They do hate!
You are Bobby Boucher, I'm the Mane like Gucci!
I rock the Louis! But not like Kanye!
Nigga see me kinda like...Harry Belafonte!
Step into the room they be like: "Ah, Day-O!"
Yeah, cause they know a nigga ain't play-doe!
Shots all fatal! Is this Laredo?
Boarder town knock them down just like Lego's!

Drink the Kool-Aid!
I make a motherfucker drink the kool aid!

(Let them know!) Do you (Let them know!) Do you
(Let them know!) Know who you fucking with? Know who you fucking with?
Do you (Let them know!) Do you
(Let them know!) Know who you fucking with? Know who you fucking with?
Always (Always!) Always (Always!)
Know who you fucking with! Know who you fucking with!
Always (Always!) Always (Always!)
Know who you fucking with! Know who you fucking with!
You might also like
I ain't the Doctor! This ain't the patient!
This ain't that nigga always on vacation!
This ain't no white boy's rehabilitation!
This is crazier than a boat full of Haitians!
This is inflation mixed with degradation!
This ain't no dead rappers reincarnation!
I heard it was a New West Coast, I ain't worried!
I murder more stars than Conrad Murray!
I got more bars than the penitentiary!
I wrote this shit without a rhyme dictionary!
Young bucks try to step up to the harim!
Looking for some pussy I'm an old buck, I dare them!

(Let them know!) Do you (Let them know!) Do you
(Let them know!) Know who you fucking with? Know who you fucking with?
Do you (Let them know!) Do you
(Let them know!) Know who you fucking with? Know who you fucking with?
Always (Always!) Always (Always!)
Know who you fucking with! Know who you fucking with!
Always (Always!) Always (Always!)
Know who you fucking with! Know who you fucking with!

Drink the Kool-Aid!
I make a motherfucker drink the kool aid!
I-I-I-Ice Cube! (Yeah its the cube)
The Don...(Let 'em know!) Ain't no stopping the G!
They call me (The Don, nigga!)

(Let them know!) Do you (Let them know!) Do you
(Let them know!) Know who you fucking with? Know who you fucking with?
Do you (Let them know!) Do you
(Let them know!) Know who you fucking with? Know who you fucking with?
Always (Always!) Always (Always!)
Know who you fucking with! Know who you fucking with!
Always (Always!) Always (Always!)
Know who you fucking with! Know who you fucking with!4Embed
Man, I ain't gon' be shit in the morning
After drinking that, uh

If I can sell you the American Dream, I can sell you anything

I got to get out, I'm getting put out of my house
I got to pack up my refrigerator and couch
It's a set-up, but the bank wants me out
Or the L.A.P.D. will smoke me out
This adjustable rate, it choked me out
They gave me a loan, and I had no clout
They gave me a house, for me and my spouse
Called my momma and my aunt
Y'all should re-finance
I let 'em dance with the devil
Dig their own grave and I gave them the shovel
Fuck, my daddy built that house
And when he got drunk, he almost killed that house
Is this the American Dream, or the American Scheme?
That got me walking in these American streets?
It's kinda sad when you have to get a hernia
Cuz you help your grand mama move her furniture
You might also like
If I can sell you the American Dream, I can sell you anything

Look at this maggot, with a stimulus package
I can give a fuck about a Dow Jones average
What the fuck you do when your paycheck is average?
Law abiding citizen turn into a savage
Got to feed children, got to feed the habit
Fell into a rabbit hole, chasing that rabbit
Now I'm in Wonderland feeling like the Son of Sam
I'm at your West Coast branch, gun in hand
I'mma feel like Superman
Walk by the teller, better call the trooper, mam
It's the revenge of the lambs
Big Bad Wolf, we're sick of these scams
Sick of these plans, sick of this dance
Walked into his office took the nine out my pants
You're not a man, you're a serpent
Then I prayed to God let the nine get to workin'

I better get to workin'
You know I heard they hood robbin'
Your money or your life and there ain't no stopping
I better get to workin'
You know I heard they hood robbin'
Your money or your life and there ain't no stopping
Ain't that a bitch
When you got to steal from the poor, and give to the rich
Ain't that a bitch
When you got to steal from the poor, and give to the rich

Uh, drug dealer MD
Doctor feel good, give you what you need
In California, prescribe that weed
Oxy cotton and codeine
Turn your grand mama into a fiend
And see the sign not at first, it ain't free
I know you 'bout to die, but let me see your ID
I know you 'bout to lie, but can you pay this fee?
If you can't pay, then please have a seat
You can't see a doctor, but you could see a priest
We can’t save your life 'til we got some assurance
Your premium is paid at that insurance
I hope you got endurance
They got me on hold, and I'm under the influence
Nurse high as a kite
In charge with my life
And everything is lost
Without a Blue Cross
You know I heard they hood robbin'
Your money or your life and there ain't no stopping
You know I heard they hood robbin'
Your money or your life and there ain't no stopping

Ain't that a bitch (that's a bitch)
When you got to steal from the poor, and give to the rich
Ain't that a bitch (that's a bitch)
When you got to steal from the poor, and give to the rich

Whatever you need
We got it for cheap right here, baby
This America, it ain't gonna cost you nothing
But a arm and a leg
Maybe one of them motherfuckin' ears
Don't trip, just put it on your credit card
Put it in your baby name2Embed
Why, oh why must you swoop through the hood like everybody from the hood? Is up to no good
You think all the girls around here are trickin'
Up there lookin' like Superchicken
At night I see your light through my bedroom window
But I ain't got shit but the pad and pencil
I can't wait till I hear you say
"I'm going down, mayday, mayday." I'm gonna clown
Cause everytime that the pigs have got me
Y'all rub it in with the flying Nazi
Military force, but we don't want ya
Standin' on my roof with the rocket launcher
"So fly like an eagle."
But don't follow us wherever we go
The shit that I'm saying, make sure it's heard
Motherfuck you and your punk-ass ghetto bird

"Run, run, run, from the ghetto bird"
"Run, run, run, from the ghetto bird"

Now, my homey's here to lick on a trick for a Rolex
And let me try the fo' next
Now the fo' I was driving was hotter than july
Looked up and didn't see a ribbon in the sky
Saw a chopper with numbers on the bottom
"Calling all cars, I think we've got em."
I hit the gas and I mashed past Inglewood
I think I drove through every single hood
South Central, Compton and Watts
Long Beach, bust a U, here come the cops
Wish I had a genie with about three wishes
Metal flake green on D's I look suspicious
You know that I'm running
Shit, I hear it humming
Fuck, I see it coming
Is it a bird? Yup
Is it a plane? No
I hit me a right on El Segundo
Wanted to holla, had to ditch the Impala
Let's see if they would folla
Me, hit a fence, hit a fence, and another
Met me a baby pitbull and his mother
Ran up in some peoples house and looked out of the window
I wish it was my kinfolk
Had to pull a strap on a fool named Louis the Third
'Cause I'm getting chased by the ghetto bird
You might also like
"Just put his hat, ehrrr, he combed his hair and then put his hat back
On. Errr, he's acting nonchalant up there in that cockpit, going 115
Miles an hour, with the police chasing him. Ehm, they're not gonna be
Real happy when they catch up with him, no matter what, the eh
Ehrr, they hate, they hate a bigmouth even worse."

Officer Bird's on his way, and I don't wanna see him
Could you please give me the keys to the B.M.?
See, I didn't want to gank you
But don't make me bank you, thank you
Tried to get to the hood, and you might guess
That a fool like me done shot Cyrus
Incognito, Ghetto Eagle
Saying, "Fuck, where did he go?"
I bust me a left on Ruthelen. Park
The 735 and I'm bailin
Went to my homegirl's house and got a hug man
She helped me run like Harriet Tubman
Looked out the window by the black bed
I saw the pigs and the fo' on a flatbed
Then the light from the bird hit me in the face
I closed the blinds cause I didn't wanna catch a case
All that night, I heard the bird circle
While I was eating fish and watching Urkel
She said I could sleep on the couch
By two A.M. I was digging her out
Fuck the ghetto bird
"Which way is he going now?"
"Ok, now..now he's..he's actually southbound..on a service street
And, uh...Gee whiz, uh, I'm gonna get my maps out here and figure
Out which service street he suddelny turned off on. Uh, the sherriffs
Are..are...well I know that...Sherriffs ground units got thrown off"

Motherfuck you and your punk-ass ghetto bird7Embed
Ice Cube's in the motherfucking house
Yo, I wanna say what's up to the niggas from the Lench Mob
J.D., T-Bone, Shorty, Del, yo
Sir Jinx, Chill, Dazzie Dee, and K Dee, yo
And the rest of the Mobs in the house yeah
{Herd 'em up}
I wanna say what's happening to my man, Afrika Bambaataa
And the mighty Zulu Nation, yo
I gotta give a shout out to the Public Enemy
Yo, y'all motherfuckers in the house
{Who stole the soul..}
And the niggas that's handlin' business, EPMD
Yo I wanna say what's up to Uncle L, LL Cool J
The niggas from X Clan, yo
I gotta say what's up to Digital Underground and Humpty Hump
Cause he makin' more than Donald Trump, you know what I'm sayin', yo
I gotta say what's up to the niggas that's payin' dues, Low Profile
{W.C.'s in the house}
And that big ballin' ass nigga named King Tee
DJ Pooh, and the niggas that's droppin' bombs on your ass
The motherfuckin' Bomb Squad
{Eric Sadler... }
M-m-m, I gotta say what's up to Big Daddy Kane, yeah
And the Rhyme, the Rhyme syndicate yo
And to the niggas that can slang them dolls, King Sun, yo
I gotta say what's happenin' to my girl Yo Yo
She's stompin' to the motherfuckin' 90s, yeah
And the I.B.W.C
My man Mac, yeah, yo
And to the Mackaframalama motherfuckers
Don't laugh hoes, I'm down with The Afros, yo
I wanna say what's happenin' to the trigger-happy, motherfuckin' Geto Boys
{In the motherfuckin' house!}
RUN DMC and Jam Master Jay
Stetsasonic, and 'One-Time Gaffled 'Em Up', C.M.W., yo
I gotta say what's happenin' to my west coast homeboy
Ice-Motherfuckin'-T, yeah
And my man from O-town, Too $hort's in the motherfuckin' house
{Biiiiitch!}
My man from the East coast, Busy Bee, yeah
The Nigga from my block
King Ronny Ron, D-Dougs, and my man Stretch
And you know that street knowledge is givin' the punch, yeah
I gotta say what's happenin' to my manager
Pat Charbonnet, and you know she don't play
And my nigga, the only nigga {Who's that?}
Sir Jinx in the motherfuckin' house, yeah
And to all the motherfuckers I forgot
Y'all ain't did shit anyway! yo
This is dedicated to the niggas that was down from day one
Ice Cube in the motherfuckin' house
Comin' at your ass with a gangsta lean
Fall of 1990 style, you know what I'm sayin'?
{We outta here... }
Five thousand G
Yo, Ice Cube man. Since you went solo, what's up with the rest of the... ? 
If you need help, hang up and dial your operatorYou might also like3Embed
The hood mentality is a crippling disease that attacks your nervous system
It makes you nervous of the system
Gangsters and hood rats are especially susceptible to this grown-stunting mentality
The hood is where I'm from, but it's not what I am
The hood is where I'm from, but it's not what I am

Fuck school nigga, I'mma be a dope dealer
I'mma be a killer, yep a urban guerrilla
I'mma stack scrilla, yeah buy me a villa
Sell a 5-0 to my auntie Priscilla
I don't give a fuck that she look like "Thriller"
Hit that shit one more time and fuck around and kill her
Cause I got the heart of a Pittsburgh Steeler
Black nigga draped in gold, with a nine milla
Love money, love jail, love that penitentiary mail
Love the way these niggas smell, keep coming back, can't you tell?
Love to see my mama cry, love to see my babies struggle
Love to see my woman juggle nuts cause she got to hustle
I don't give a fuck how my life go
Now I'm a slave man to this caveman without Geico
Everybody wanna call Michael a psycho
But he ain't never came through the hood with a rifle
Gunning niggas down cause they don't got the right clothes
Hit the wrong person cause we shoot just like hoes
First I was blood thirsty, Mister Mister Controversy
Now I wanna beg for mercy, should have took my ass to Berkeley
You might also like
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?

Fuck school nigga, if I grow a little taller
Everybody tell me I'm gon' do it, I'm gon' be a baller
So fuck that thinking, fuck that thinking
Fuck them Lincolns, I want Franklins
Come back through here with my crew, I'm gon' have my own shoe
I'm gon' be that little fool coming in your living room
Starting point guard nigga, fresh out of middle school
Either it's the NBA or it's the NFL
I don't know what else I can do to keep my ass up out of jail
I wanna be like Tiger Woods, swing that club, make you sick
(I wanna be like Pacman Jones), (I wanna be like Michael Vick)
I wanna be like Barry Bonds, (I wanna be like O.J. Simpson)
Leave this field, leave this prison
Tell you motherfuckers where to kiss 'em
I wanna be all broke up, moving all old and slow
I wanna be a alcoholic just like Broadway Joe
I wanna be a sideshow, kinda like Iron Mike
Used to have a few Bentleys, now I just ride a bike
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?

Fuck school nigga, they ain't trying to educate me
All they give a fuck is what I memorized lately
I'm gon' have to teach myself, clock that money, get that wealth
I wanna be like Santa Claus, I don't wanna be no fucking elf
No kid left behind but he get the runaround
Can't you motherfuckers see that they trying to dumb us down?
Don't trust the government, President is for sale
He don't give a fuck about a nigga, just a oil well
Sell crack, go to jail, bust a rap, go to hell
Do I got to sell my soul if I wanna go to Yale?
Go kiss Oprah's ass if you wanna be Gail
I'd rather have my ass kissed up in Bloomingdale
You can go be a pimp, you can go be a ho
But you only gon' get paid off what you know
If you don't know shit, then you can't work for me
Cause you read your first book in the penitentiary
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?
If you don't wanna shake that hood mentality
How the fuck we supposed to change our reality?11Embed
Nigga I'm a hustler, act like I'm lovin ya
Don't mind fuckin ya, just like the Governor
Used to be the dope man, rolled a hundred spokes man
When I come through, treat me like the Pope man
Ghetto spokesman, I know niggas
In Eastside Oakland all the way to Brook-lyn
And they love my shitty drawers, what you smokin?
Think you got the balls, nigga I'm a Trojan
Catchin all that just like a prophylac'
Don't reproduce, that bullshit is whack
Flavor Flav with a white bitch that is whack
Got to put the nigga back in my Cadillac
Take him to the hood, where it's action packed
Let him know that the target's still on his back
It's a hustle called capitalism
Got my niggas in prison, all stuck in the system yeah
Recognize who's a hustler, George Dubya
He's the one that's sittin back, fuckin ya
With a big dick stuck in ya
I'm from a place where the fuckin Terminator is the Governor
(I got a Public Pretender.. tryin to make me a winner)
(Nigga please don't surrender.. they'll have you for dinner)

The ghetto is a nigga trap, take the cheese
Soon as you do it here come the police
Invented and designed fo' us to fail
Where you gon' end up, dead or in jail
You might also like
You only got two places
State of California, got two faces
Motherfuckin devils, get straight racist
When they get you in them lonely dark places
Concrete slave ships, never move
Where niggas like us get used like a mule
Don't let 'em catch you, arrest you
Strip and undress you, throw you in a cesspool
You wanna know the crime of the century
A ghetto elementary, a mental penitentiary
Black man, you never been friend of me
Boy you kin to me, why we enemies?
The ghe-tto is a trap
Fuck where you from, nigga look where you at
Where you wanna be? Point it out on a map
Don't be scared to leave homey, we can come back
If you wanna come back to this bullshit
Most of it comin straight out the pulpit
We got to change our ways in the hood
Understand that it's AIDS in the hood...
The nigga trap...
 - 2X
(I got a Public Pretender.. tryin to make me a winner)
(Nigga please don't surrender.. they'll have you for dinner)2Embed
Ice Cube motherfucker
West coast motherfucker
George Bush, George Clinton, Bill Clinton
Chris Farley, Chris Rock, Bob Marley
Rick James, knew how to throw a party
"Smoke some weed"
Snoop Dogg, all the way to Cheech and Chong
Cypress Hill, Robert Downey hit the bong
Ricky Williams, fuck how Miami feeling
"Smoke some weed"

This is West coast nigga thinking
California quicksand got a nigga sinking
I can give a fuck what you niggas drinking
Smoke some weed
This is West coast nigga thinking
California quicksand got a nigga sinking
I can give a fuck what you bitches drinking
Smoke some weed

If you a baller, nigga I'm a hall of famer
Lion tamer, with two fo'-fifth flamers
Understand, that yo' life's in danger
Didn't your momma, tell you not to talk to strangers
Lil' nigga, I'm the Hillside Strangler
Have a banger, calling for the Lone Ranger
Most rappers, they wanna fuck sangers
I'm a nigga, that wanna own Topanga
G4, pull it up out the hanger
A lil' something, to fuel you niggas anger
The swine, I'm your face rearranger
In a mansion cause Jesus born in a manger
Motherfucker, belong on Jerry Spranger
I'm a gangsta, up in your CD changer
I'll gank ya, for 20 bucks then I'll thank ya
Police, still get the middle fanger
You might also like

Lil' niggas, don't try this at home
Momma in the bathroom leave her ass alone
Cause she probably taking chronic straight to the dome
Go play you lil' fucker, stop being grown
Dave Chappelle, 50 million and a throne
With a big Zulu bitch, nigga getting blown
Watch your tone, if your wear Coppertone
Go back to Africa used to be a theme song
I'm in the zone, do anybody got a Zong?
I ain't your poppa, but daddy is a rolling stone
Youse a clone, who don't know the shit you on
Unless it's on, a motherfucking ringtone
I'm in a room with two bottles of Patron
You need a loan, to fuck with the Family Stone
Nigga go on, tell 'em Ice Cube is home
Gorilla niggas, here come King Kong


Ice Cube motherfucka
West Coast motherfucka
Smoke some weed10Embed
Yeah, word is bond
Das EFX in this, you know what I'm sayin'?
Straight from the sewer, word is bond
Yeah, yah, ah, yeah
We doing this with my nigga
Where my nigga Ice Cube in the motherfucker?
Word is bond, yeah

You better check yo' self before you wreck yo' self
'Cause I'm bad for your health
I come real stealth
Dropping bombs on your moms
Fuck car alarms
Doing foul crime, I'm that nigga wit' yo' Alpine
Sold it for a six-o, always let tricks know
And friends know, we got the indo
No, I'm not a sucker sitting in a House of Pain
And no, I'm not the butler, I'll cut ya
Head-butt ya, you say you can't touch this
And I wouldn't touch ya; in fact, motherfucker
Here to let you know boy, oh boy
I make dough, but don't call me Doughboy
This ain't no fucking motion picture
A guy or bitch-a, my nigga get wit' cha, and hit you
Taking that yak to the neck, so you better run a check
You might also like
So come on and chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self
Chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self, boy!
Yeah, come on and check yo' self before you wreck yo' self
'Cause shotgun bullets are bad for your health

Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)

Tricks wanna step to Cube and then they get played
'Cause they bitchmade, pulling out a switchblade
That's kinda trifle 'cause that's a knife, ho
AK-47, Assault Rifle
Hold the fifty, I'm nifty, pow!
I got a new style... (Watch out now!)
I hate motherfuckers claiming that they folding bank
But steady talking shit in the holding tank
First, you wanna step to me?
Now your ass screaming for the deputy
They send you to Charlie-Baker-Denver row
Now they runnin' up in you slow
You're gone, used to be the Don Juan (Check that shit out!)
Now your name is just Twan
Switchin', snappin', rollin' your eyes and neck
You better run a check
So chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self
Come on and check yo' self before you wrickity-wreck yo' self
So chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self
'Cause big dicks up yo' ass is bad for ya health

Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!)

If you're foul, you better run a make on that license plate
You coulda had a V8
Instead of a tre-eight slug to the cranium (Pow!)
I got six and I'm aimin' 'em
Will I shoot or keep you guessing?
'Cause fuck you and that shit you're stressing
Bitch, get off the wood, you're no good
There goes the neighborhood hooker (Slut!)
Go ahead and keep your drawers
Giving up the claps and who needs applause
At a time like this, pop the coochie and you dead
The bitch is a Miami Hurricane head
Sprung, niggas call her 'Lips & Lungs'
Nappy dugout, get the fuck out!
'Cause women like you gets no respect
Bitch, you better run a check
So chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self
So chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self (Yeah)
Come on and check yo' self before you wrickity-wreck yo' self
'Cause bitches like you is bad for my health

Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!), come again, check it, yeah
Mic-mic-microphone check (One, two! Check it!), come again, check it, yo

Chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self
You better chickity-check yo' self before you wreck yo' self, boy
I said check yo' self before you wrickity-wreck yo' self (Check, check)

Mic-microphone check
Mic-microphone check (Check it, one, two!)
Mic-microphone check (One, two!)
Mic-microphone check (Check it, one, two, one, two!)
Mic-microphone check (One, two!)
Mic-microphone check (Check it, one, two!, one, two!)
Mic-microphone check (One, two)
Mic-microphone— (Check yo' self Cube, check yo' self Cube, check yo' self... )15Embed
Only three short years after the 1965 Watts Riots
And the death of Malcolm X
And of the assassination of Martin Luther King Jr
A boy was conceived
Whose lyrics would change the world

I'm the truth
Turn the mic up
West Coast, motherfucker
Ice Cube, motherfucker
Lench Mob, motherfucker

Is he real? Is he fake? Motherfucker, try me
Cube still grimy, Dub-C is my crimey
Got you all fooled, actin' all polished
Never been to college, far from Mr. Rogers
Loved by the kids, hated by the daddies
Loved by the mamas, addicted to the commas
Up at the bank, got the tellers in a sweat
Countin' hundred stacks (Are we done yet?)
Fuck no! The question: Will Cube still go
Back to the hood where the grass never grow? (What?!)
Are you serious? Nigga, I'm the man, bitch (Ha ha)
On Van Wyck, making me a sandwich
At my daddy house, bet' not fuck wit' me (No)
Or they'll find your ass, knife still stuck in him
Ice Cube, believe it or not
I'm not a movie, stop believin' the plot, or get your ass shot

West Coast, motherfucker
Ice Cube, motherfucker
Lench Mob, motherfucker
A nigga still hella hood (Believe it or not)
I'll never go Hollywood (Believe it or not)
I love hip-hop (Believe it or not)
I'll bust on SWAT (Believe it or not)
You might also like
Niggas tried to battle, niggas tried extortion
But tryin' to get it's like givin' an abortion
You gotta take it, 'cause I'll never give it
And fuck a critic who said I never lived it (Westside!)
I've been to places that your ass'll never visit
This the exquisite West Coast Grand Wizard
Ice Cube is a lyrical genius
A-list to G-list, it's so seamless
Nigga please, thought I forgot how to squeeze
Just sneeze, put your ass on freeze
Act like I don't know what the hood like
Act like I don't know what the hood like
Good night, I got to be the greatest
D-Boys, you lookin' at an A-plus
Can I still be the nigga that you love to hate?
Ask Oprah, and let me know what she told ya

West Coast, motherfucker
Ice Cube, motherfucker
Lench Mob, motherfucker
A nigga still hella hood (Believe it or not)
I'll never go Hollywood (Believe it or not)
I love hip-hop (Believe it or not)
I'll bust on SWAT (Believe it or not)
Let's go
A nigga still hella hood (Believe it or not)
I'll never go Hollywood (Believe it or not)
I love hip-hop (Believe it or not)
I'll bust on SWAT (Believe it or not)
A nigga still hella hood (Believe it or not)
I'll never go Hollywood (Believe it or not)
I love hip-hop (Believe it or not)
I'll bust on SWAT (Believe it or not)
West Coast, motherfucker
Ice Cube, motherfucker
Lench Mob, motherfucker1Embed

One of these motherfuckers is different
Straight gangsta mack
Straight gangsta mack
Straight gangsta mack
Straight gangsta mack

Who's the mack? Is it some brother in a big hat
Thinking he can get any bitch with a good rap?
Rolling in a fucked-up Lincoln
Leaning to the side so it looks like he's sinking
Into that leopard interior
This nigga think every girl's inferior
To his tongue, get a dumb bitch sprung
As she's selling more butt and don't even get a cut of the money
His name is Sonny and he know the play
And hope to god that he don't find a runaway
That's looking to become a star
He'll have your ass in and out of every car
With every Ron and Rick, sucking every John's dick
Come short of the money, get your ass kicked
You don't like it but you still call him hunk
Last night the nigga put yo' ass in the trunk
You wanna leave, but Sonny started talking fast
And it make you wanna go and sell more ass
He's getting rich, you his bitch and it's like that
Now ask yourself, who's the mack?
You might also like
Who's the mack? It is that fool that wanna pump the gas
Give you a sad story and you give him cash?
He start macking and macking and you sucking
Quick to say I'm down on my luck, and
You give a dollar or a quarter and he's on his way
Then you see his sorry ass the next day
Are you the one getting played like a sucka?
Or do you say, "Get a job, motherfucka"?
Every day, the story gets better
He's wearing dirty pants and a funky-ass sweater
He claims he wants to get something to eat
But every day you find yourself getting beat
He get your money and he run across the street
Don't look both ways 'cause he's in a daze
And almost get his ass hit for the crack
Now ask yourself, who's the mack?

Who's the Mack? Is it that nigga in the club
Asking "have you ever been in a hot tub?"
I know the game, so I watch it unfold
When I see a boy pinned to your earlobe
He's talking shit and you crack a smile
When he tell you that he can go buck wild
For a girl like you and make it feel good
You know it's drama, but it sound real good
He started dragging and hopefully he can start tagging
The pussy so he can keep bragging
He say, "I'm 'a leave baby, can you go with me?"
You wanna do it but you feeling like a H-O-E
You grab his hand, you leave and it's over
Cause the nigga ain't nothing but a rover
Ya knew the game and you still ended up on your back
Now ask yourself, who's the mack?
Macking is the game and everybody's playing
And as long as you believe what they saying
Consider them a M-A-C-K and with no delay
They are gonna get all the play
But when it comes to me, save the drama for your mama
It's Ice Cube and you know that I'm a
Mack in my own right when it comes to rhyme and rap
Cause all I do is kick facts
Unlike Iceberg Slim
And all of them be claimin' be P-I-M-P
No, I'm not going out that way
I'm just a straight up N-I-double-G-A
Next time, you get over on a fool
And you did the shit like real smooth
Thank Ice Cube for giving up the facts
And ask yourself, "Who's the Mack?"

Straight gangsta Mack
Straight gangsta Mack
Straight gangsta Mack
Straight gangsta Mack
Straight gangsta Mack
Straight gangsta Mack
Straight gangsta Mack6Embed
Ice Cube with Da Lench Mob, I got it goin' on
A nigga that's livin' in the city of the criminal zone
One-time can't keep the law in order
'Cause everybody's goin' crazy for a quarter
You're tuned in to the number one crew in the area
The way I'm talkin' I'm scarin' ya
I'm darin' ya to raise hell and bail and brag and sag
Or beat down for ya flag
'Cause if you is or you ain't a gangbanger
Keep one in the chamber
'Cause you'll get them thangs put on ya son
Ice Cube has got the 4-1-1
All the ol' school house fellows are crooks
So I get jealous looks
They keep thinkin' did my head grow?
Will the boys in the hood have to beat down Ice Cube?
Hell no, I'll static son, you'll see it's okay
I keep my nine anyway
For the day one of my homies wanna squab
I'm still rollin' wit Da Lench Mob

Them's the motherfuckers you don't wanna fuck with
(America's Most Wanted)
You might also like
Back in the day I did my share of dirt
Sometimes I got away clean, sometimes people got hurt
But if you know me, you know that I'm liable
To bust a cap 'cause it's all about survival of the fittest
I'm a menace crook
I did so much dirt, I need to be in the Guinness Book
From the shit I took from people
I repo your 'Vette, then jet
Back to the criminal set
I leave clue after clue, but they can't catch me yet
'Cause I'm slick and slippery
They can't get with me, cops ain't shit to me
I can't dig a pig, so I drop the dogs
And sweat em like sweathogs
And get mad, mad 'cause I'm the nigga that flaunt it
AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted

(Ayo, what the fuck you sweatin me for mister officer man
He said a motherfuckin' hamburger stand got broken in
Do I look hungry motherfucker?)
We got ways to make you move

Aiyo, here's what the poster read
"Ice Cube is wanted dead"
That's all it said
I put heads to bed and fled the scene wit all the green
Hear shots and si-reens
When I fiend, first they yo' rings, now they my rings
So give it up punk and then I just
Put another jack in progress
It's the American way
'Cause I'm the G-A-N-G-S-T-A
Ice Cube, a motherfuckin' klepto
And tried to catch the early bird but they slept, so
Who gets the worm?
And if I'm caught in a trap, you know I'ma beat the rap
With a payoff, cop gotta lay off
FBI on my dick, stay off!
I'm not a rebel or a renegade on a quest
I'm a nigga with a 'S' on his chest
So get the Kryptonite 'cause I'm a rip tonight
'Cause I'm scarin' ya, I'm wanted by America
Run nigga! Run nigga!
See ya!
(Aiyo Cube man, they on your ass)

Word, but who the fuck is Herb?
It's time to take a trip to the suburbs
Let 'em see a nigga invasion
Point blank on a Caucasian
Cocked the hammer, didn't crack no smile
Take me to your house, pal
Got to the house, my pockets got fat, see
Crack the safe, got the money and the jewelry
Three weeks later, I'm at the P-A-D
Had a little fly ass bitch wit me
Sittin' in the den, yo it couldn't be
(What up, G?) Saw my face on TV
Damn (oh shit!) I didn't know I lucked out
Struck out, I gotta get the fuck out
Packed my bags and tried to hit the door when
The ol' bitch down the street must've turned me in
'Cause the feds was out there ten deep
I got hassled and gaffled in the back seat
I think back when I was robbin' my own kind
The police didn't pay it no mind
But when I start robbing the white folks
Now I'm in the pen with the soap-on-a-rope
I said it before and I'll still taught it
Every motherfucker with a color is most wanted
AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted, uh,  reports that Ice Cube is the leader of the, uh, Lench Mob. Uh, also in the group they have J-Dee, T-Bone, Chill, Yo-Yo, Del, K-Dee
Sounds like a black thing6Embed
Women, they're good for -
Wait wait wait wait, Cube, trip this
We gonna dedicate this to the pretty young ladies
You know, them pretty young ladies that wouldn't give us the play before the album, this is for you


Women, they're good for nothing, no maybe one thing
To serve needs to my ding-a-ling
I'm a man who loves the one-night stand
Cause after I do ya, huh, I never knew ya
Cause to kick it man it gives me the fits
They wanna lay with they nose under your armpits
Ice Cube won't wait so give it up cow
After we do it you can go home now (see ya!)
I'm a brother with a big long...
(Come on, wait, what the hell you think you talkin' about?)

First of all let me tell you my name, it's Yo-Yo
And downing a girl, first offense, and that's a no-no
Yo-Yo thinks the kitchen sink should be thrown in
Niggas be scheming and fiending to stick the bone in (yep)
No, Yo-Yo's not a ho or a whore
And if that's what you're here for, exit through the door, there's more
To see of me but you're blind so
Women like me are fading brothers in the 9-0
(Wait, first of all  how you gon' come on my record and talk?)
I'm tryna say all women are superior over men
(Yeah yeah)
But wait how you gon rule the world when you broke as a joke?
(With yo county check baby)
You might also like
Ay what up, buttercupper Miss Yo-Yo (that's me)
I know you like to rap and like to flow so
But when it comes to hip-hop this is a man's world
Stay down and play the playground you little girl

What you're saying I don't consider it as rapping
Cause you're a rerun and I'm the new what's-happening
It never fails, I'll always get respect
And you lose, so take a rain check

Hell no cause you know that I'm first and you're second
If it wasn't for me, you'd probably be pregnant
And barefoot, complaining that your back is aching
Shaking and faking while I'm bringing home the bacon

Well you're mistaken, it's not going that far
I make brothers like you play the backyard
You used to flow with the title but I took it
Bring home the bacon but find another ho to cook it

Damn it lookit, cause you're talking a lot of bull
Well I'm not your puppet so don't even try to pull
This is a man's world thank you very much

But it wouldn't be a damn thing without a woman's touch

This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This is a man's world

Ah Miss Yo-Yo, so what gives?
I hear females always talking about Women's Lib
Well get your own crib, and stay there
Instead of having more babies for the welfare
Cause if you don't I'll label you a gold digger
The name is Ice Cube you know that I ain't the nigga
For you to look at when your hair get nappy
So take a piece of the pole and be happy
Hell no, because to me you're not a thriller
You come in the room with your three-inch killer
Thinking you can do damage to my backbone
Leave your child in the yard until it's full-grown
I'm a put it like this my man
Without us your hand would be your best friend
So give us credit like you know you should
If I don't look good, you don't look good

I doubt it baby cause we're still most dominant

But you don't know how funky that I can get

This is a man's world thank you very much

But it wouldn't be a damn thing without a woman's touch

This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world

Man, women, I put a lot of fear in em
(Why is that?)
Cause I had it up to here with em
Drink a beer with em? No way
Cause I can only deal with em about an hour every day
Yeah if you know what I mean baby

Well I guess, now that I think about it I think maybe
If you was more of a man instead of faking it
Women deserve the credit when they're making it

Yeah so what's the problem?

Well I think we solved it
I know they know the best male from who's doggin it

Yeah I admit you can flow

Well that's true

But you see I'm a pro with the bank too

Yeah I can see you got it good

Oh that I know

But you see you're not better than Yo-Yo
The brand-new intelligent black lady

You're kinda dope but you still can't fade me

So what up then?

Girl, what you tryna do?

To prove a black woman like me can bring the funk through

This is a man's world thank you very much

But it wouldn't be a damn thing without a woman's touch

Or a big butt...

This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This, this is, this is a man's world
This is a man's world2Embed
"Once upon a time, in the black part of the city"
Yo G, yo G you better get out of here man, 5-0
*Door swings shut, car peels out*
Yo Ice Cube, man
Whassup man?
Why you...
Whassup?
Yo Ice Cube man, why you always kickin the shit about the bitches and the niggas?
Why don't you kick some shit about the kids, man? The fuckin kids?!
Word

Little boys and girls, they all love me
Come sit on the lap of I-C-E
And let me tell ya a story or two
About a punk-ass nigga I knew
Named Jack, he wasn't that nimble, wasn't that quick
Jumped over the candlestick and burnt his dick
Ran up the street 'cause he was piping hot
Met a bitch named Jill on the bus stop
Dropped a line or two, and he had the ho
At that type of shit he's a pro
So Jack and Jill ran up the hill to catch a lil nap
Dumb bitch, gave him the claps
Then he had to go see Dr. Bombay
Got a shot in the ass, and he was on his way
To make some money, why not?
Down on Sesame Street, the dope spot
There he saw the lady who lived in a shoe
Sold dope out the front, by the back marijuana grew
For the man that was really important
Who lived down the street in a Air Jordan
Ride to the fellow Mister Rogers and hoes
Drove a 500 sittin' on Lorenzoes
He broke out, Little Bo Peep, smoked out
Saw, her and her friends sellin' sheepskins
 Yo yo I got them sheepskins
Yo, my empty sheepskins
Yo baby, what's up with that?
Hickory dickory dock, it was twelve o'clock
Cinderella ain't home must be givin' up the cock
I don't doubt it, she is kind of freaky of course
Had a fight with Snow White, she was fuckin' her dwarfs
Saw a fight over colors, too
Red Riding Hood, and Little Boy Blue
A bad influence? Yo I don't know
But Ice Cube'll tell the kids how the story should go
You might also like
Yeah money, that's it, yeah money, that's it
This is Little Russ in the house
Rock that shit homey, rock that shit!
"Well, you know the rest"

Humpty Dumpty sat on a wall
With a joint, drinkin' some 8-ball
Three little pigs in a Coup de Ville
Lookin' for, the wolf to kill
They're fucked up and they want revenge
Them and Humpty used to be friends
Now they're enemies cause he's a traitor
Pulled out the Uzi cruised by and sprayed him
Cinderella hoeing for the fellas
And Mister Rogers is gettin' mighty jealous
Of the cash that the pigs were makin'
Time for the pigs to get turned to bacon
'Cause Mister Rogers found out quick
That Humpty Dumpty was blown to bits
They said that the motherfuckin' wolf was next
So Mister Rogers better watch his step
So he let the wolf know
We're gonna fuck up the pigs, and take their ho
Cause Cinderella is much too fast
Before twelve, givin' up ass
Double barrels all loaded and cocked
As soon as they show, they gonna get popped
They bailed down Sesame Street and caught em
Little Boy Blue is up front givin' orders
Little did they know Cinderella was a fink
She called the cops and got thrown in the clink
A bad influence? Yo, I don't know
But Ice Cube'll tell the kids how the stories should go
Ayo man, was that dope enough for you?
Yeah you aight, you in the house
We outta here, see-ya!
Yeah, you better go home before I whoop your little bad ass!

Some bedtime story, huh?
It's a nice place to visit, but I wouldn't wanna live here
Ay, good ol' Mother Goose, remember her? I fucked her4Embed

Once upon a time in the projects, yo
I damn near had to wreck a ho
I knocked on the door, "Who is it?"
It's Ice Cube, come to pay a little visit to ya
And what's up with the niggas in the parking lot
She said "Fuck em, cause they get sparked a lot"
I sat on the couch but it wasn't stable
And then I put my Nike's on the coffee table
Her brother came in, he's into gang-bangin'
Cause he walked up and said "What set you claimin'?"
I don't bang, I write the good rhymes
The whole scenery reminded me of Good Times
I don't like to feel that I'm put in a rut
By a young nigga that needs to pull his pants up
He threw up a set and then he was gone
I'm thinkin' to myself: "Won't this bitch bring her ass on?"
Her mother came in with a joint in her mouth
And fired up the sess, it was sess no doubt
She said, "Please excuse my house," and all that
I said, "Yeah", 'cause I was buzzed from the contact
Lookin' at a fucked up black and white
Her mom's bitchin' cause the county check wasn't right
She had another brother that was three years old
And had a bad case of the runny nose
He asked me who I was then I had to pause
It smelled like he took a shit in his little drawers
I saw her sister who really needs her ass kicked
Only thirteen and already pregnant
I grabbed my forty out the bag and took a swig
Cause I was getting overwhelmed by BeBe Kids
They was runnin' and yellin' and playin' and cussin' and tellin'
And look at this young punk bailin'
I heard a knock on the door without the password
And her mom's got the twelve gauge Mossberg
The nigga said "Yo, what's for sale?" (Yo, what's for sale, man?)
And the bitch came out with a bag of yayo
She made the drop and got the twenty dollars
From a smoked-out fool with ring around the collar
The girl I was waiting for came out
I said, "Bitch, I didn't know this was a crack house"
I got my coat, and suddenly
You might also like
"Stop, the police, don't move!
Freeze! I'll kill ya!"

The cop busted in and had a Mac-10 pointed at my dome
And I said to myself, "Once again, it's on"
He threw me on the carpet and wasn't cuttin' no slack
Jumped on my head and put his knee in my back
First he tried to slap me up, wrap me up, rough me up
They couldn't do it so they cuffed me up
I said, "fuck, how much abuse can a nigga take"
Hey yo officer you're making a big mistake
Since I had on a shirt that said I was dope
He thought I was selling base and couldn't hear my case
He said, "get out my face" and musta had a grudge
His reply, "Tell that bullshit to the judge"
The girl I was with wasn't sayin nothin'
I said "Aiyyo bitch you better tell em somethin'"
She started draggin' and all of a sudden
We all got tossed in the paddy wagon
Now I beat the rap but that ain't the point
I had a warrant so I spent two weeks in the joint
Now the story you heard has one little object
Don't fuck with a bitch from the projects
Yo man the projects man ain't no joke
Tell 'em
Especially the motherfuckin' ones in Watts and South Central LA boy
You don't fuck around with them projects, boy
Rats'll whoop yo ass
Yo, yo you see that ho over there man
Look at that ho over there man4Embed
Stay off his dick

Some don't think I can flow
So here we go
To a new track
To show the wack
That I can throw styles that show up
I blow up and blast here
Niggas still tripping off the shit I said last year
About a bitch is bitch is a bitch is a bitch
Then I got rich but I'll never switch
So I dedicate this one to the groupie
And the Charlie all on my Snoopy
Brothers keep asking Ice Cube yo when will you bust
They surround me and make a big fuss
Now I was taught back on my block
That you don't ride on nobody's jock
For anything they do
Fuck him and his crew
Unless you were gettin paid too
I'm not saying this to dis each and every fan
Women you can ride but man be a man
Shake my hand and make it a firm shake
Say "What's up Ice Cube?" and then break
Cause if you're hangin there I'm a tell you loud and clear:
Get off my my dick nigga—and tell your bitch to come hereYou might also like1Embed
(The police set up barricades, there was a scuffle)
(This turned into a riot and it spread through Central Park)
(Negros threw bottles at the police)
(Orders to disperse were ignored and huge crowds swarmed through the streets)
The Bomb!

It's like a holocaust to the boss when I toss
Too much knowledge kicked then you're lost
In a shuffle of feet, Jinx the fiddler
And I control your mind like Hitler
You bow and vow to authority
See now, a sucker with a style just boring me
So I show K.N.O.W
L.E.D.G.E. it might trouble you
Then I transform like a Decepticon
With a mic as a bomb
In my right palm
But I don't stay calm
So panic
Others can't flow so they go schizophrenic
You thought I dropped a dud in your face
Until you taste the blood of the bass
Then you faint, or better yet pass out
When I'm on the mic, believe it's ass out
You think you're raw so you draw
You lose, you're hung, you bite your tongue
The whole town saw in awe as you strangle
A noose on your neck, and you dangle
From side to side in the blazing heat
You're beat, you're dead, the boots fell off your feet
You're turning red, it's said
That your head burst
And this is only the first verse
Of the bomb
You might also like(Break)

Don't break up the fight let them rumble
Over the years I've watched some go super-bad quick
Now the smell of the pen has got them sick to the stomach
Now ask yourself, who's stupid?
I take funky funky beats and I loop it
And pimp slap you in the face with the bass
And the boom from the bomb that I drop
Stop
You have a flat top as a fashion
I love Black women with a passion
But when they gotta go and show their ass in
I gotta clown the hoes, yeah
You gotta watch the ones with the big derrieres
They'll steer you wrong
Ice Cube's got it going on, hit me
For the gangster boogie two times for the gangster rhyme
And since i ain't wholesome
They want to put a young brother in Folsom
They'd rather see me on lockdown
But I come up foul then they get knocked out, word
To the brother that rolls the herb
Everybody getting knocked to the curb like that
Jinx got the gat, and it's a fact
He'll kick a funky beat to peel your cap
Now who's the mack?
Who's the ho?
Who's the trick?
I got many, many styles won't you take a pick
But don't be alarmed
When I trip and stumble and fumble
And drop the (rewind)
Drop the bomb
(Break)

I'm solo, you ask how I'm living
Still dropping more shit than a pigeon
With the L, the E, the N, the C, the H
The M, the O, the B, the great
Lyrics that make the beat swing and I gotcha
It's the hip-hopper that don't like coppers
And if you try to upset the pot son
You get kicked in the chest like a shotgun
I make the beats, I make the breaks
I make the rhymes that make you shake
Make you find
Ice Cube never caught in the middle
I make stuff to kick you in the ass a little
And still never hesitate to stutter step
Or bust a repitition on the mic
Still dissing all the hype
From left to right
How many left to fight?
So what that Lench Mob like?2Embed
Yo, T-Bone
(What up, D?)
Yo man these motherfuckers steppin' to me man talkin' 'bout The Lench Mob ain't in e-fizz-ect!
(Motherfuckers pc yo boy tyrna fit everybody panic)
Word 'em up, matter of fact I oughta cuff 'em like a brand new pair of Levi's!
(Like roll them motherfuckers up like a f-f-fat ass joint!)
Word 'em up!

You can't fuck with the criminal
Rappin' over gangsta shit
First I load the clip, and then I make the hit
I know some of y'all can't fade this
Lench Mob niggas are the craziest
So you and your boys are ass-out
When I'm rollin in a seven-deuce glass house
The Mob ain't nothing but a menace
When we get the motherfucking dog in us
Playing them oldies
I'm pourin' out some of my beer for my homies
Ready to peel your cap
You can't believe "Faces of Death" on wax
Some say the Mob ain't positive
Man fuck that shit, 'cause I gots to live
How I live and you could either give a fuck punk
Yo or get your ass bucked
Some rappers are heaven-sent
But Self-Destruction don't pay the fuckin' rent
So you can either sell dope or get your ass a job
I'd rather roll it wit the Lench Mob
You might also like
Lench Mob! Lench Mob! Lench Mob!
For lynching any sucker (x4)
(The Lench Mob is takin' a 9 to ya mind all the motherfucking time!)
(Yeah, motherfucker!)
(Do it!)

To be down with the Mob is simple
Mind your own; you want a spot, find your own
And take mine if you're badder than the strongest
I do the right thing I do the wrong thing
Do anything cause I ain't faking the scene
It's all about how much bacon you bring
And if you see something from the gat I will stuff it
Yo you ain't seen nothing
Cause if you testify you're living blind
Cause in the city you live and let die
Rolling with the fools one-time can't beat
On my knees in the street interlock my hands and feet
He said "I know you" I said "you might
My name is Ice Cube I did a song you didn't like"
So he soaked me up like Bounty
Had to do a week in the county
A piece of cake it was just like a party
Cause in the county you know everybody
No I didn't kill or steal or rob
Locked up for what cause I'm rollin' wit the Lench Mob

If you know a female that's rollin' with the Lench Mob
Watch your step cause the gat is kept
In the purse like my homegirl Yo-Yo
You gotta be down and you can't be a ho, no
Cause if you are I'll be the first one to bust you out
After my crew I'll be the first one to rush you out
Get the picture or bitch
You'll get the eighty-six
If she wanna try and mix
Business and pleasure make up your own mind
You gotta be a ho on your own time
Don't sleep cause even on a solo creep
Yo the Mob is still deep
And we'll play ya just like a nit-wit
You thought you got with the crew you can't get with
So get the noose ready for the lynching
Now 235 is what I'm benching
But nowadays it's still not enough
I got something guaranteed to stop the bum rush
Give me the gat, step back, and watch me do the job
Rolling with the motherfucking Lench Mob

Ayo, fuck that man
I'm not going back to jail
Fuck that, Ice Cube
Man, I'm rollin' wit the Lench Mob1Embed
A message to the Oreo cookie: No matter how much you wanna switch, here's what they think about you!
“You gold teeth, gold chain wearing, fried chicken and biscuit eating monkey, ape, baboon, big thigh, fast running, high jumping, spear chucking, three-hundred-and-sixty-degree basketball dunking, titsun, spade, mulignan... Go the fuck back to Africa--Go the fuck back to Africa--Go the fuck back to Africa!”
Think about it, fuckin' sellout!

Here we go on station 103.787 and we're listening to…
We won't be listening to, uh...
Ice Cube, AmeriKKKa’s Most Wanted
Because that’s bullshit, get that shit outta here
Straight R&B, straight R&B, straight R&B—
Where the motherfucking plug at? I'm about to disconnect his ass!
Turn off that motherfucking radio!

Turn on the radio, take a listen
What you're missing
Personally I'm sick of the ass-kissing
What I'm kicking to you won't get rotation
Nowhere in the nation
Program directors and DJ's ignored me
'Cause I simply said "Fuck Top Forty
And Top Thirty, Top Twenty and Top Ten!"
Until you put more hip-hop in
Then I might grin but don't pretend that you're down with the scene
And go and diss me in a magazine
How could you figure the brother could dig ya?
DJ face down in the river
No, it's not a threat but a promise
I'm as crazy as they come see
Mama didn't love me
All I got is my nine
And to calm the savage beast here's the Alpine
You might also like
Disaster...
Turn off that bullshit!
Turn off that motherfucking radio!
Turn off that bullshit!
Turn off that motherfucking radio!
Turn off that bullshit!
Play the music motherfucker put the music on
Damn!

Tune in to the radio, listen for a minute
Yo G, stick a fucking tape in it!
'Cause all the radio do is gangle
That R&B love triangle
If you're out there kicking it with the brothers
You don't care about lovers
You wanna hear a young nigga on the mic going buck wild
Throwing and flowing and showing new styles
That's where I'm coming from
Reality: that's what they're running from
So if you're down with Ice Cube, let me know that you know
Yo, turn off the radio

You know what? You know what?
Basically those black guys and those rap guys
They don't know what the fuck they're doing
I hate those fuckers, I hate 'em!
Especially that one guy
The AmeriKKKa's Most Wanted; Ice Cube—I hate that fucker!
Get him off the air, get him off, get him off
Get that rap shit out of here!
Nigga, get me a gat, so I can smoke this motherfucker!
Hello?
Hi, this is D.E.L
Hey, I'm calling from 3838 Twin Oaks Way
Yeah, I just wanted to call to say fuck the radio!3Embed
Drop a old school beat

Now the taste of alcohol is filling up my bladder
What's the date and time, it don't matter
Had a pocket full of phone numbers, I was trying to sort
To make a long story short
Ran into, this girl named Carla
Knew her from the back seat of my homie's Impala
She said what's up, yeah, what's the deal?
Check the hairdo, of course it ain't real
Then I looked down, she was fat in the front
I asked how long, "Well, about seven months"
Oh, how time flies when you're having fun
She said "Yeah but the damage is done
Where you been?" "On a little vacation
Oh by the way, congratulations
Who's the lucky man? I don't have a clue!"
Then she said "The lucky man is you," I dropped my brew
And everything looked fuzzy
Not a baby by you, the neighborhood hussy
She said "Yeah, remember that date?"
I thought back and tried to calculate
Then I said "Damn, are you sure it's mine?
'Cause I know you been tossed plenty of times"
She said "That day, no I wasn't whoring
Your ass is mine," that's when the sweat started pouring
'Cause all I saw was Ice Cube in court
Paying a gang on child support
Then I thought deep about giving up the money
What I need to do is kick the bitch in the tummy
Naw 'cause then I'd really get faded
That's murder one 'cause it was premeditated
So what I'ma do, I don't have a clue
How many months left, damn only two
I'm gettin faded
You might also like
("Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in...")
No cigar, G

Ay yo, homey, man, I'm getting faded

It's crazy 'cause before I could sleep with her
I had to duck and dodge and try to creep with her
See the booty and the front was all in place
But the girl had the pitbull face
So we ran jumped drove swam crawled hid
Oh lord god forbid
My homies see me at the motel
'Cause those fools would love to just go tell
Everybody in the hood that knows your rep
So jump in the back seat and quiet is kept
And hold your big fat butt steady
'Cause yo, ho, I got the paper bag ready
She started moaning and gobbling like a turkey
I knocked the boots from here to Albuquerque
I dropped her off man and I'm knowing
That I'm a hate myself in the morning
I got drunk to help me forget
Yo another day another hit, shit
I'm gettin faded
("Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in...")
Ay yo, you know what time it is
("Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in" "Whoa yeah")

Nine months later she's ready to drop the load
And everybody in the hood already knows
It's supposed to be mine so they laughing at me
You know Ice Cube can't be having that, G
I'm thinking to myself why did I bang her
Now I'm in the closet looking for the hanger
JD and Jinx and T-Bone won't let up, they won't shut up
I'm gettin fed up, bitch
'Cause I know you're tryin' to break me
But if I find out your tryin' to fake me
I'm a buff that duff and hoot
Beat ya down and leave a crown or two
That night she went into labor
And the shit is getting kinda major
The baby came out, damn it was a lifesaver
Looking like my next-door neighbor
She said it was mine, it was her best guess
But let's check the results of the blood test
I started smiling yeah 'cause it read negative
Damn, why did I let her live?
After that I should've got the gat
And bust and rushed and illed and peeled the cap
But no I just told the ho who laid me
Excuse me bitch it's a switch
You can't fade me
Naw baby, not this way
Yo, you ain't playing Ice Cube out like no booger
I don't fall for the okey-doke
And before I fall for the okey-doke, I let the pistol smoke
Now sing it
("Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in...")
Ha ha, yeah baby, you can't fade me
("Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in" "Whoa yeah")
("Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in...")
Nah, unfadeable baby, yo
("Livin' and jivin' and diggin' the skin he's in" "Whoa yeah")
I ain't never got gaffled like that, I used to do the gafflin'
McDonald's is my spot (What you used to do?)
Jack them motherfuckers for them Nissan trucks
Right in the drive-thru.  "Nigga, get your motherfuckin' food, leave it in the car, nigga, get out."  Straight jackin'4Embed
Fucking around in a crap game
Niggas think I'm soft cause now I'm in the rap game
And I don't hang out as much, bang out dope cuts
Standing on stage and I'm grabbing my nuts
But when it comes to getting in a circle
I'm hitting sevens turning broke niggas purple
Looking for Little Joe and the dumb nigga scream and choke
When deuce-deuce hit the floor yo
Now which of ya wanna fade the twenty?
I'm turnin your fat pockets skinny
Ah yeah I'm shaking the ivory
And boom it's like they die for me
Fool you can get loud, get mad, hit the joint
But don't forget my point
There it is yo
I put my Nike on the bet so it won't slide
Money gone cause I'm never hitting deuce-five
I'm never hitting four-trey no way
You wanna leave but come on ho stay
Nigga fever that’ll work
Poppa needs brand-new shoes and a sweatshirt
Fool you can't even fuck with that
And now that I'm winning I gots to get my gat
Cause I see your homies starting to look
And broke motherfuckers they make the best crooks
And I'm feeling like a baller
Bucking fools now the circles getting smaller
Now you wanna go and scheme
Punk niggas like you just love to triple-team
So I pick up my money and start walking
Cause now I let the gat start talking
Now since ya'll lost you wanna go out like a sucker
Take that motherfuckersYou might also like1Embed
Aiyyo, Ice Cube man
Since you went solo, what's up with the rest of the crew?

So High you can't get around it
So low you can't get under it
So High you can't get over it
I can't get over it
Nothin' can stop us now

Dirty mother, dirty mother  -----] Ice Cube
Make it rough               -----] Ice Cube
Dirty mother, dirty mother  -----] Ice Cube
Dirty mother, dirty mother  -----] Ice Cube
Cause I'm steady mobbin'    -----] Ice Cube
Have you never sense the recite in my rhymes?
Standin' on stage and I'm grabbin' my nuts -----] Ice Cube
Steady mobbin'  --------] Darryl Gates
Have you never sense the recite in my rhymes?
Standin' on stage and I'm grabbin' my nuts -----] Ice Cube
There goes the Neighborhood ----------] George Clinton
There goes the Neighborhood ----------] George Clinton
There goes the Neighborhood ----------] George Clinton
You might also like
I got a big old ding-a-ling, and if that bitch can hang
See, I'm gonna do my thing, with your dauuuughter
Givin' up the nappy dug out!
Said, I got a big old ding-a-ling, and if that bitch can hang
Said, I'm gonna do my thing, with your dauuuughter
Givin' up the nappy dug out!
 Daddy, where did he go?
 I'll tell you where he went, goddamn it
Give me that beat fool, it's a full time jack move
Chilly Chill, yo, homie make the track move
And I'll jack any Tom, Dick and Hank
That's the name of the suckers I done ganked
I get away from a copper
Drop a dime, I'll break you off somethin' proper
With the L-E-N-C-H-M-O-B, T-Bone and that's J.D
And here's how we'll greet you
Stop!!!
Here we go, wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute
Drop an Old School beat
Goddamn, I'm glad, goddamn, I'm glad
Goddamn, Goddamn, Goddamn, Goddamn, Goddamn
Goddamn, I'm glad y'all set it off
Used to be hard, now, you're just wet and soft
First you was down with the A.K
And now I see you on a video with Michel'le
Lookin' like straight bozos
I saw it comin, that's why I went solo
And kept on stompin'
When y'all motherfuckers moved straight outta Compton
Damn, you're wicked, man!!
Now, you're gettin' done without vaseline
Now, you're gettin' done without vaseline
Now, you're gettin' done without vaseline
Damn, it feels good to see people... on it
No vaseline
Little boys and girls, they all love me
Come sit on the lap of I-C-E
And let me tell you a story or two
About a punk-Ass-Nigga I knew
Hickory dickory dock, it was twelve o'clock
Cinderella ain't home must be givin' up the cock
I don't doubt it, she is kind of freaky of course
Had a fight with Snow White, she was fuckin' her dwarfs
Saw a fight over colors, too
Red Ridin' Hood, and Little Boy Blue
A bad influence? - y'all I don't know
But Ice Cube'll tell the kids how the story should go

Once upon a time in the projects y'all
Yo, I damn near had to wreck a whore
I knocked on the door (*Knock knock*) who is it?
It's Ice cube came to pay a little visit to you
Today I didn't even have to use my A.K
Yo, I gotta say it was a good day (*Gun shots*)
Today I didn't even have to use my A.K
I gotta say it was a good day (*Gun shots*)
Today I didn't even have to use my A.K
I gotta say it was a good day (*Gun shots*)
Today I didn't even have to use my A.K
I gotta say it was a good day (*Gun shots*)
Fucked up my night

Now, ask yourself, now, ask yourself
What did you say?
Now, ask yourself, now, ask yourself
What did you say?
Who's the mack?
Straight gangsta mack
You know how we do it, yeah
Straight gangsta mack
You know how we do it
Straight gangsta mack
You know how we do it
Straight gangsta mack
You know how we do it

Why, oh why must you swoop through the hood
Like everybody from the hood, is up to no good?
Why, oh why must you swoop through the hood
Like everybody from the hood, is up to no good?
(*Helicopter Propeller Turning*)
Run from the ghetto bird
Run, run, run, from the ghetto bird
Run, run, run, from the ghetto bird
Motherfuck you and your punk-ass ghetto bird
(*Helicopter Propeller Turning*)
Stay off his dick..
(*Flavor Flav sprays Shots all around the place*)Embed
You don't wanna fuck wit these

You don't wanna fuck wit these
Run up you big-ass bitch and I'll have you clockin' G's
Wit my knockout jab, mess around and stab
Yo' ass in the gut, I don't give a fuck
Down with the brown, clownin' these honkies
That got us in the mix with they 666
Tricks get found, stinkin' like tuna
Bailin' through your hood in my fresh suede Pumas
And I don't hit gates, nigga pump yo' brakes
Cause I ain't runnin', you better start gunnin'
Take your hand off your metal
There's nowhere to hide, cause the world is a ghetto
Want my afro long like Mad Dawg
On a velvet poster, 40 on the coaster
Cause moms don't play that shit
Been hard on a nigga since 8-8-6
Sayin' you need Jesus, cause I got the fresh sweatshirt
With the three fat, creases
And it's on like that, nigga where you at?
At a phone booth, I'm comin' in the Coupe
Beanie pull over, fool there they go
Drive real slow so we can let them hoes know
That G's even bust on L.A.P.D.'s
Make 'em eat cheese cause they don't wanna fuck with these
You might also like
And he don't wanna fuck wit these

I got mo' flavor than a ho with a dick
And a stick of gum on her tongue, I get you sprung
With the psycho-alpha-disco, my fist go
In my pocket, grabbin' on my pistol
But I won't pull it out 'til it's time to spit
Make the girls say, "Damn, niggas can't have shit"
Cause I see Satan, waitin' in the cut
For this black motherfucker, to bail out his hut
And I don't give a mad-ass fuck
About a sheriff who's tryin' to tear-off a hair off
My chinny chin chin hit him up with the right
And then I bend bend got his ass in my sight
My Chuck's hit the cement, then I bent the corner
Yellin', "Cop Killer", and fuck Time-Warner"
Got the wick-a-tick niggas say, damn he's so sweet
Hypnotize yo' ass like that shit "Knee Deep"
And you hate it, gang-affiliated
Niggas be bumpin', just a little somethin'
From that loc'ed out nigga that cater to the O.G.'s
And let you know, that you don't wanna fuck wit these

And you don't wanna fuck wit these
And you don't wanna fuck wit these
Rollin' through the hood, when I see a bitch
I hit the switch, she's on my dick
Fresh t-shirt, thick like I hangs
They say I got St. Ide's rushin' through my veins
From the CRASH units, all the way to Vice
They claimin' Ice Cube, ain't nuttin nice
Cause I keep hittin', fuck Bill Clinton
No repentin', just representin'
I can walk through the park cause it's crazy after dark
Keep my hand on my gun, cause I ain't the one
Bang you're dead, brains out your head
I wish I was the nigga that invented infrared
Now I got it poppin' but what's that odor?
Smells like a hot pot of that bakin' soda
Cause I know niggas from A's to Z's slangin' ki's
Sayin' you don't wanna fuck wit these
Nigga pleaseEmbed
24 years old
And I got life in this motherfucker...
24 with an L as I bail through the concrete, shit is kinda deep
Deep, deeper than Atlantis, you got to know who the man is
L.A. better known as Pelican's Bay
The ghetto bird's got the word from the stool pigeon
A bird in the hand can't beat a chicken
There ain't no warden (shit)
Just broken glass fucking up my Jordans
Twice upon the time in the projects
I done got jacked for my Rolex
But I keep going, let it pass
Cause the swap meet got a sale on ski masks
And my little homie Kevin
Been carjacking since '87 (really doe)
L.A. is like a jail cell
And I got 24 with an L
"Get in that cell, nigga" (Repeat 8x)
Now, I made a little money, good
But I still want to live in the hood
But buying new fly shit
Is just like inviting ants to a picnic
There's just too many sets
And now I'm getting those kidnap threats
But who wanna get wet?
Cause I'll soak ya, you think I'm fat like Oprah
All I got is a little piece of nothing
And now you want to jack all the sudden
Rather have me face down on the floor
Instead of that devil you work for
Motherfucking coward
And clowning my man cause he wants to go to Howard
Now I got a strap when I bail
Through the hood, 24 with an L
You might also like"Get in that cell, nigga" (Repeat 8x)
24 years, but see I got life
Sorry Mike, it does matter if you're black or white
Cause I'm up against the black and white
They spread my legs and grab my nuts tight
Niggas keep hitting me up
And bitches try to get a drop of nut
Asking me to dick this
So they can blow up, throw up from the morning sickness
Keep my shoulder on the wall like the county
Cause you buster-ass niggas can't clown me
South of Pico, that's where we go
Deep in a Regal, Desert Eagle
Sitting on my lap like a bitch with a gat
Westside's on the map
So if you want to scrap or even drop shells
24 with an L
"Get in that cell, nigga" (Repeat 12x)Embed
Of a dog that chases it's tail, will be dizzy"

Met her snake ass at a barbecue bash
She had a lot of ass and a twenty dollar stash
.. of some of that superb 'erb
She said, "I got the chronic, so fuck whatcha heard"
"Ice Cube do you wanna hit this?
This shit is hype, sho' you right"
Soon as she passed me the J and a lighter
Me and this hoodrat bitch got tighter
Talkin all day on the blanket (so whassup?)
With her ass jacked up, beggin me to spank it
Lookin like a host from the Barbary coast
Nigga don't wanna get burnt like toast
Whassup wit deez nuts in ya me-outh
Aight everybody.. c'mon we out
Took her to the six dollar hole in the wall
And I like how she's holdin the balls
Gobble gobble, from the incision
Stuff that bitch and it ain't Thanksgiving
Didn't even have to fuck all night long
Take me home, damn it's on
Jumped out the cover, snatched off the rubber
Met the ho's mother - yo whassup?
Got the seven digits and I'm gone'n
That's the kinda bitch you can call at 2 n the morning
You might also like
Not just knee deep, she was O.G. deep
When she did the freak with me
Not just knee deep, she was O.G. deep
When she did the freak with me
"Yeah this is a story of a famous dog
Of a dog that chases it's tail, will be dizzy"

I bumped this ho on the danceflo'
Where you wanna go? She said, "I don't know"
I thought I had a treat in the passenger seat
Now her ass wanna get somethin to eat
From where? She said, "Denny's I figure"
I said, "Hell no cause they don't like niggas"
Let's go to my house and order Domino's
And maybe I can get the bitch out her clothes
Got to the panties, her ass started fightin
And I'm thinkin bout my dog Mike Tyson
Took her ass home, all alone (ring ring)
Whoa-oh, there go the phone
Ay whatcha doin? "Nuthin"
Then what about screwin?
Now I'm fuckin and I'm yawnin (*YAWN*) yup
But thank God for the bitch
That'll come/cum at 2 n the morning

You the kind of girl to eat a dick up raw
And drink a 40 through a straw
And I love ya, cause you're down to get dug
And your man don't know you're gettin fucked by a thug
You a woman that's true (that's right)
Doin what the fuck you wanna do
And it's cool, cause you got a purse full of rubbers
And I'm a friend of your brother's (yup)
So jump your freaky ass in your Hyundai
I got a room at the Omni
Nothin tricky, no you ain't picky
Whassup Nikki? Down for a quickie
Get your lil' dickie and your Mickey and you're straight
And gotta be at work by 8
Called you last night, you wasn't home and
Damn - it's half past 2 n the morning

"Yeah this is a story of a famous dog
Of a dog that chases it's tail, will be dizzy"
 Hello?
 Yo whassup this Cube, whatchu doin?
 I'm asleep
 Asleep? Get yer ass up and come over here
 Want me to drive way over there?
 Yeah, come on through and shit, y'know, it's about 2
 Alright, here I come..Embed

See who the fuck I'mma jack today
Nigga broke, shit
And it's early in the mornin
"Today I'm going to tell you the story of Robin Hood"

At last, grab my ski-mask out the closet
Now let's see how big did my balls get?
I brush my teeth - it takes a thief
Swervin, cause I'm tryin to roll up the chronic leaf
At a stop sign, I take a hit and hold it in
I cough (*cough cough*) now I'm off
Drivin down the two-lane highway
It's all bad, thinkin bout shit I never had
Pass through the W.S. (neighbor-hood)
Knowin' I can do my best in Westwood
Cut off by a white BM, driven by a yuppie
He sticks up his finger like, "Fuck me"
Now I gotta to follow him HOME, with my CHROME
Send him to the Twilight ZONE, it's ON
Niggas say I'm gone cause I'm fuckin with the rich
(say what?) but they all full of bitch (yeah)
Don't need a snitch, so I'm rollin solo
In a straight bucket, no it ain't a low-low
He pulls up to a seven bedroom, eight bath
Oh yeah! He's got to feel the wrath
Pistola to the neck, devil turn off the Westec(?)
And when you're rollin have mo' respect (bitch)
Tied his ass up and took everything I could
A nigga straight robbin, mobbin, back to the hood
You might also like
All my niggas love the adventures of
All my niggas love the adventures of
All my niggas love the adventures of...
.. Robin Hood, cause it ain't all good

Since two-eleven is my favorite number
Fuck squabbin, cause I be Robin like the Boy Wonder
"Holy Bandit!" Leave yo' ass stranded and you know that
Unhook the LoJack, cellular phone under the flo' mat
(Uh) They wanna say that it's federal
Actin like your ninety-five Coupe, is headed fo'
Beirut they wanna shoot me like a terrorist
But I don't give a FUCK, cause I'm takin care of this
Trigger finger got blisters
Heard from your sisters, you be rollin on the twisters
Now when we meet, I can make your heart beat..
.. and make you feel, so neat
Or you can get us fifteen
Twenties out the ATM, I'll take all of them (give 'em up)
I'm king of the slim jim, it's the incredible
Nine-oh-two-one-oh, is where I'm headed foe
Don't need no Merry Men, I fuck around and bury them
(POW!) if they told, what I stole (uh)
Motherfuckers got to know that I'm lethal
Steal from the rich, and slide it to my people

I stalk, rich ass people like Hudson Hawk
Bitch don't talk, let's take a walk
Nigga got nuttin to lose, you know the rules
The purse and the jewels or the eleven o'clock news
Which one? Magnum gun to the titties
Makin scared devils, move from my city
With the strong-arm, fuck the long arm of the law
Bitch count to ten and forget who you saw (hurry up)
Had to clock her with the handle, cause
Your husband's a thief with an S&L scandal
Don't feel bad if you're stuck up, ahhhh
Nobody move, nobody get - shut the fuck up!
I'm nervous, quick to serve this
Heat in yo' meat, make your blood skeet
A nigga just tryin to get on his feet
So hurry up rich bitch, before I twitch
She said, "Don't rape me, and don't kill me"
Nigga don't want to fuck, yo' filthy ass
Just give me the cash and we good
All I wanna do is rob you on my way to the hood

All my niggas love the adventures of
All my niggas love the adventures of
All my niggas love the adventures of...
... Robin Hood, cause it ain't all goodEmbed
Motherfucker, you'd better break yourself...

My skin is my sin, look at my complexion
Section 8, erection great
Balls like Ru Paul and a big fat plank
Get you higher than a Spike Lee joint
See I'm a chicken hawk and I'm hunting chicken and watermelon
It ain't nothing but hard time bailing
Just got a misdomener
Cause I got a deuce-five, and I'm black as Sarafina
Get the hell out Somolia, we didn't call y'all
I can't wait till I can kill all y'all
Fuck Reggie Denton and Jimmy (Johnny) Cochran
Damn I couldn't get close enough to sock him
I plead guilty your honor
Cause I dissed the Pope more times than Sinead O'Connor
Huh huh, cool, like Butthead and Beavis
Truer than the Mack but I'm downer than he is
And that police chief named Willie
Can take his motherfucking ass back to Philly
Dropped a bomb on a crew named "Move"
Years ago, here's a ho
That's ready to stop me, they think I'm Khadafi
Rolling in a six-tre jalopy
They want to give me ten in the pen cause I'm smelling like Hen
My skin is my sin
You might also likeMy S-K-I-N is my S-I-N ("Burning our black skin") (Repeat 2x)

I Get Around like 2Pac, just bought a new Glock
And I want what you got
So please give it up so I can live it up
Just like the rich but I still eat grits
I don't know karate
But I can still beat the dog shit out of Nazis
You claim you want to put in work
Plotting to blow up a church
See you devils are all the same
You'll gun down a congregation in Jesus' name
Using me as a scapegoat, well cracker don't sleep
Far from a goat, more like a black sheep
Lamb of God, and it's odd
That Allah is a man that don't need a tan
And you can't stand when I talk like that
And why do black men have to walk like that?
Cause we swing low like a chariot
And now I got Harriet all on my dick
Cause my shoe size is much bigger than a motherfucking 10
My skin is my sin
My S-K-I-N is my S-I-N ("Burning our black skin") (Repeat 2x)
Who's that janky-ass nigga with last?
Standing like a G pissing on America's flag
Dub C, the nigga from Westside
Westide Maad Circle bailing with a double barrel
Cause uh, my skin is my sin
And all I need is knowledge of self and ammunition is my best friend
When it's time to roll nigga, we ain't calling on Jesus
I'm calling Mad Dog for the 9 millimeters
Cause I give the song with those peckerwoods to the fullest
And a bitch by the name of America's on it
The same bitch that jacked my forefathers
And the Indians took my motherfucking religion
Place a holy Bible in my hand, but for what?
Like Jim Kelly said, "You try to set me up?" Shit...
I'm too slick for your lies in disguise
When will you devils open your eyes and realize?
Like Pepsi, niggas got a new generation
And we don't want your American education
Ain't no brain washing this way
Fuck America, Tom Meztger, and KKK
And to the cracker named J.B. Stoner
Don't let me catch you on no corners
I see you on TV talking more shit
But just like your punk-ass ancestors, you's a bitch
You's a bitch if I ever saw one
Grand Wizard bring your ass on Imperial so we can get physical
And watch God show and prove
Not only mentally but physically the black man rules
So run devil run, you's to best start running
Because the niggas are coming, oh, the niggas are coming
And ain't no way you gon' win
Cause I come from a tribe of O.G.'s and my skin is my sin
My S-K-I-N is my S-I-N ("Burning our black skin") (Repeat 2x)Embed
Say, look at this
I've been cleaning out my nest, and I found an old book of my poetry

Fresh out of school 'cause I was a high school grad
Gots to get a job 'cause I was a high school dad
Wish I got paid by rappin' to the nation
But that's not likely, so here's my application
Pass it to the man at AT&T
'Cause when I was in school I got the A.E.E
But there's no SC for this youngsta
I didn't have no money, so now I gotta punch the
Clock, gotta slave, and be half a man
But whitey says there's no room for the African
Always knew that I would clock G's
But welcome to McDonald's, "May I take your order, please?"
Gotta serve ya food that might give you cancer
'Cause my son doesn't take no for an answer
Now I pay taxes, that you never give me back
What about diapers, bottles, and Similac?
Do I have to sell me a whole lotta crack
For decent shelter and clothes on my back?
Or should I just wait for help from Bush?
Or Jesse Jackson, and Operation PUSH?
If you ask me the whole thing needs a douche
A Massengill, what the hell
Crack will sell in the neighborhood
To the corner house bitches
Miss Parker, little Joe, and Todd Bridges
Or anybody that he know
So I copped me a bird, better known as a kilo
Now everybody know I went from po'
To a nigga that got dough
So now you put the feds against me
'Cause I couldn't follow the plan of the presidency
I never get love again
But blacks are too fuckin' broke to be Republican
Now I remember, I used to be cool
'Til I stopped fillin' out my W-2
Now senators are gettin' high
And your plan against the ghetto backfired
So now you got a pep talk
But sorry, this is our only room to walk
'Cause we don't want a drug push
But a bird in the hand is worth more than a Bush
You might also like
Tell the politicians, the hustlers
Live and let live (Yeah)
Tell the politicians, the hustlers
Live and let live (Yeah)7Embed
Brothers and sisters, this is not a test
Brothers and sisters, this is not a test
The police in your city caught attention purposes
Not to play open season formed Black Panther

Mr. Dirty Harry, you look really scary
With your .357, officer Kevin
Spent 11 years on the force trying to get mine
Head got the flat top, boots got the spit shine
Don't give a fuck about my neighborhood
Just wanna do your eight hours, and then hit the showers
Shoot a brother down and you don't send flowers
Goddamn sheriff, can't wait to tarriff
A chunk of a nigga ass, but watch a nigga blast
And get away nigga fast
You ain't gonna have me face down no more
You ain't gonna get a chance to clown no more
To the boys in blue, I got kids too
Ain't going out like a jigaboo, no no no
On my way to the store
You see me in a Range Rover, now you gotta pull me over
But where oh where is the ticket?
You got your hand on your gun cause you're wicked
You don't like the face of the original man
But you gotta treat me like an individual man
Talk right and I'll talk right back
Show some goddamn respect to the black
Cause I gotta get back to my wife
And I'm sorry but, you ain't gonna take my life
You might also like
Never gonna get it, never gonna get it
Never gonna get it, never gonna get it
Never gonna get it, never gonna get it
Never gonna get it, never gonna get it

Just because you got a badge
Did you think Ice Cube was gonna wave the white flag?
Cracker please, you can yell freeze
I'd rather die standing up than die on my knees
You think you can do anything you want to do
To my crew when you come through, man fuck you
Shooting up South Central
Catch your ass slipping at a Winchell's
Could have popped you off, one dead cop
But I know you got a wife and a dog named Spot
I show a little mercy cause I'm civilized
Looking through a nigga's eyes at a much bigger prize
But when I saw Rodney it got me so hot
Made me wanna go out and pop me a cop
Cause every time you see me sagging
Here comes the Grand Dragon, in the motherfucking paddy wagon
Tryna play me like a trick
Sometimes you act like a dick, Mr. Nightstick
Back then, I used to throw my MAC-10
But nowadays you got the black skin
Back then you don't like the voice of a nigga named Ice
But, you ain't gonna take my life
Never gonna get it, never gonna get it
Never gonna get it, never gonna get it
Never gonna get it, never gonna get it
Never gonna get it, never gonna get it

Yo man let's get an understanding
I know that your job is demanding
But, I only got me one life to live
You only got about six shots to give
And I got a big AK with a 50-round clip
So why should we trip?
You ain't gonna punk me, so what you trying for?
Ain't no job worth dying for, is it?
Might pay a visit to Petey Wheatstraw
When you stop me on the shore, officer of the law
And if I did something wrong, you can lock me up
Never never never gonna sock me up
So next time you have the urge, all of the sudden
To fuck with a nigga for nuttin'
Think about me, a brother that's 23
I got a son and a J-O-B
So before you pull your gun, you'd better think twice
Pig, cause, you ain't gonna take my life
Never gonna get it, never gonna get it
Never gonna get it, never gonna get it
Never gonna get it, never gonna get it
Never gonna get it, never gonna get it
Never gonna get it, never gonna get it
Never gonna get it, never gonna get it
Never gonna get it, never gonna get it
Never gonna get it, never gonna get it
Brothers and sisters this is not a test
Brothers and sisters this is not a test
Freeze, freeze, don't ya move you motherfucker or I'll blow your brains out shut the car off slowlyEmbed
What you doin' up here anyway nigga?
Man I came up to get some rubbers man, what you doin up here?
No shit? Man, I came up here to get a physical
You know for my job, you gotta get a physical and shit, but (Really?)
Philip Brown to the front desk, Philip Brown
Aw that's me right there, hey man, you stay up, man
Philip Brown
Be careful and shit you know
Alright then homie
Philip Brown?
Yeah?
Can I help you?
Ahh, ah-uh-yeah, I'd like to get—
I'd like to get a physical
We don't give physicals here
Oh you don't?
No, all we test for is VD, herpes, syphilis and gonorrhea
I'd like to see a doctor
What's the matter, you burning?
Huh?

Stepped out my house, stopped short, oh no
Why is my thing-thing burnin like this?
You burning?
Stepped out my house, stopped short, oh no
What have I, done stuck my dick in?
You might also like
I went to the free clinic, it was filled to capacity
Now how bad can a piece of ass be?
Very bad, so I had to make the trip
And thank God, I didn't have the drips
I was there so a ho couldn't gimme that
Just to get twenty free jimmy hats
Now look who I see
Ain't that—yeah, that's the bitch from up the street
With the big fat tail
Who always told Cube to go to hell
She thought she was wiser
Now she's sittin' in the waitin' room, burnin' like Heat Miser
Yeah, I see ya
First Miss Thang, now Miss Gonorrhea
Man, it's a trip how the world keeps turnin'
It's 1991, and look who's burnin'

Can we get you hot? Can we make your temperatures rise?
This is a girl playin' hard to get
Burnin' up, burnin'
What have I, done stuck my dick in?
Can we get you hot? Can we make your temperatures rise?
This is a girl playin' hard to get
Burnin' up, burnin'
What have I, done stuck my dick in?
Now everybody is a victim, you can go see 'em
And you'll hear more claps than the Coliseum
Sittin' there all quiet and embarrassed
Up, there go that bitch who was careless
I remember she wouldn't give the cock
To anybody who lived on the block
Now ho, look what you got
Bend that big ass over for the shot
'Cause somebody is pipin' hot
Drippin' like a faucet, I'm glad I didn't toss it
Got you a college boy, who was worse than me
And he probably fucked the whole university
Still wanted him to dick you down, kick you down
With some bucks, now who got fucked?
With a nigga for the money he's earnin'
But ask for some water bitch, and look who's burnin'

Can we get you hot? Can we make your temperatures rise?
This is a girl playin' hard to get
Burnin' up, burnin'
Why is my thing-thing burnin' like this?
Can we get you hot? Can we make your temperatures rise?
This is a girl playin' hard to get
Burnin' up, burnin'
Why is my thing-thing burnin' like this?
It burns
Fitfully, sputteringly to it's end (Aw, shit)
At which there is, a little surprise
That stupid ass bitch

Yo, it ain't my fault you got the heebie-jibbies
But you still try to act like you didn't see me
So I walk over, and say "Hi
Bitch, don't try to act surprised"
You shoulda put a sock on the pickle
And your pussy wouldn't be blowin' smoke signals
Man, this is gonna kill 'em
Guess who got a big fat dose of penicillin?
They'll ask, "Who?", and I tell 'em you
The new leader of the big booty crew
And after today, I'm sorry to say
You come through the neighborhood, you couldn't give it away
To a nigga, who's out to get major paid
But you'll have him, pissin' out razorblades
But a bitch like you'll be returnin' with the HIV, RIP

You can't trust a big butt and a smile
I'm burning up
You can't trust a big butt and a smile
You can't trust a big butt and a smile
I'm burning up
What have I, done stuck my dick in?
You can't trust a big butt and a smile
I'm burning up
You can't trust a big butt and a smile
You can't trust a big butt and a smile
I'm burning up
What have I, done stuck my dick in?

Done stuck my dick in?
I'm burning up
It's hot, I'm burning up4Embed
You are the prince of darkness, arch enemy, father of evil
Hell born, demonic, savage, fierce, vicious, wild
Tameless, barbaric, ungovernable, uncontrollable, obstinate beast

Horny little devil, you gotta back up
Horny little devil, you can't bust a nut
Lookin' at my girlfriend's Black skin
You wanna jump in, but she don't like white men
So don't flirt at work, you fuckin' jerk
Or get your punk devil-ass hurt, motherfucker
She ain't with the pale face
'Cause y'all fuck at a snail's pace
And you might get sprayed with mace from the ebony
So when she's doing her job, you better let her be
Don't try to pinch the gluterus
Thinkin' that you about to knock out the uterus
'Cause she'll tell you to kiss her ass quick
And where I'm from, devils get they ass kicked
Mr. Sexual Harassment
Asking for a blow and when the answer is "fuck no"
Looks like you wanna terminate
But that's when I go psycho like Norman Bates
I wanna kill the devil for talkin' shit
'Cause he can't get a taste of the chocolate
African breasts
'Cause white bitches have no butt and no chest
Black women have bodies like goddesses
Sorta like Venus, but put away your penis
'Cause the devil is a savage motherfucker
That's why I'm lighter than the average brother
'Cause you raped our women and we felt it
But it'll never happen again if I can help it (Me neither)
'Cause nobody in my neighborhood has caught jungle fever yet
So horny little devil, you better listen
Before your ass come up missin', and it's like that
You might also like
I'm so horny (Hey, listen to the man)
I'm so horny (Hey, listen to the man)
I'm so horny (Hey, listen to the man)
I'm so horny (Hey, listen to the man)
I'm so horny (Hey, listen to the man)
I'm so horny (Hey, listen to the man)
I'm so horny (Hey, listen to the man)
I'm so horny (Hey, listen to the man)

Now you wanna get me
Horny little devil must be a F-A-G
Tryin to fuck me out my land and my manhood
Have me broke, eatin' Spam and canned goods
Locking down on my neighborhoods
Treat me less than a man 'cause right now you got the upper hand
But my ass is a virgin
You might have fucked the Indians, but you can't surgeon me
And when I'm on top, I won't be fuckin' ya
I'd rather put a buck in ya
'Cause I hate the devil with a passion
And when I see the whites of his eyes, I start blastin'
Dig a hole and throw his ass in
And won't be happy 'til I'm down to my last ten
Get his fuckin' pitchfork
Tie him up and then feed the bitch pork
Little devil can't fuck me out my pay
'Cause horny little devil, true niggas ain't gay
And you can't play with my Yo-Yo
And definitely can't play with me, you fuckin' homo
'Cause we'll blow your head off
And turn that white sheet 'to a red cloth
Plus when they're all dead
I can cut that Jheri juice and get a bald head
Then let it nap up
Go down to the corner store and beat the Jap up
Clean all the crap up
Out my city, now the whole block look shitty
Put his dick on a wood block
Swing, swing, swing and chop, chop, chop
Now who's the next to nut?
Color Me Badd, but you can't sex me up
So don't even try it, put your dick on a diet
'Cause this is Watts Riot 1991 and I'ma get my gun
Put an end to the devil, so get a fucking shovel
I'm so horny (Hey, listen to the man)
I'm so horny (Hey, listen to the man)
I'm so horny (Hey, listen to the man)
I'm so horny (Hey, listen to the man)
I'm so horny (Hey, listen to the man)
I'm so horny (Hey, listen to the man)
I'm so horny (Hey, listen to the man)
I'm so horny (Hey, listen to the man)

Twenty D Energizers
Twenty C Energizer?
D, not C, D
C Energizer?
D, motherfucker, D! Learn to speak English first, alright? D!
How many you say?
Twenty, motherfucker, twenty (Honey)
Mother fuck you!2Embed
Every time I wanna go get a fuckin' brew
I gotta go down to the store with the two
Oriental one penny countin' motherfuckers
That make a nigga mad enough to cause a little ruckus
Thinkin' every brother in the world's out to take
So they watch every damn move that I make
They hope I don't pull out a gat and try to rob
They funky little store, but, bitch, I got a job
Look, you little Chinese motherfucker
I ain't tryin' to steal none of this shit
Leave me alone! (Mother fuck you, yo, yo, check it out)
So don't follow me up and down your market
Or your little chop suey ass'll be a target
Of a nationwide boycott
Juice with the people, that's what the boy got
So pay respect to the Black fist
Or we'll burn your store right down to a crisp
And then we'll see ya
'Cause you can't turn the ghetto into Black Korea

Mother fuck youYou might also like4Embed
O'Shea, O'Shea
Get your ass in here, boy
You hear me calling you?
O'Shea

When I was young I used to hang with the seventh graders
Little bad motherfucker playing Space Invaders
Fucking with the girls in the fourth grade
Either feeling on they butts or pulling on they braids
Working with the schoolhouse bully
By doing that, I had a lot of pull, G
Cheating on tests, making a mess
Cussing like a sailor at recess
It must've been a half-moon
'Cause you'll catch me running out the little girls' bathroom
Chewing on Good and Plenties
Got my gamble on at lunch pitching pennies
Yo, I was living like the class clown
Pulling all the hokes, making all the jokes, man
When you young it's hard to see
That it's wrong throwing rocks at the RTD
Popping out your window with a BB gun
Better yet knocking on your door and run
Playing hide-and-go-get-it for a little stank
Even though I was still shooting blanks
As soon as the dark hit
I was stealing candy out the corner market
Until I got my ass whipped
'Cause I was ten years old, doing dumb shit
You might also like
Thirteen, that's how old I was
When my jimmy started getting a little peach fuzz
And I was looking at any butt and ass
Me and my homies started cutting class
Going up to the high school
Looking for any bitch I could lie to
Tell 'em I was older than I really was
Smoked my first joint and got really buzzed
That's what a mack's made of
But when I got my first piece of pussy I fell in love
Hard as a rock the long way
And then I put the rubber on the wrong way
But I still gotta have it
Overexcited and fucking like a jackrabbit
Goddamn, I was hype
A virgin but I still knew how to lay the pipe
Even though the ho worked me
I still knocked the boots from here to Albuquerque
Then the shit got strange, money
I started shaking and jimmy felt funny
Then the nut came gushing
I jumped up got dressed and start pushing
'Cause I thought the bitch broke my dick
'Cause I was still young doing dumb shit
At seventeen got my first Volkswagen
And mastered the life-long art of dragging
To the women in college
Hung out with the OG's and got some street knowledge
Breaking in cars and all that
Hitting punk fools with a baseball bat
Fucking at a real fast rate
'Til they said that I might not graduate
Then I said, "Fuck the dumb shit
'Cause Pops'll fuck me up quick
If things continue"
So I start rapping about shit I been through
And I got real good
Now I look at all the kids in the neighborhood
Tryna be baby macks
Doing shit that I did seven years back
Going through a stage
But before they can grow up they on the front page
And they moms is having a fit
'Cause they died young, doing dumb shit5Embed
The army is the only way out for a young Black teenager
We'll provide you with housing
We'll provide you with education
We'll provide you with everything you need to survive in life
We'll help you to be the best soldier in the U-S of A
Because we do more before seven a.m. 
Than most niggers do in their whole lifetime

Gainin' on ya (I'm comin')
I'm comin'
Gainin' on ya (I'm comin')
I'm comin'

I wanna kill him 'cause he tried to play me like a trick
But you see, I'm the wrong nigga to fuck with
I got the A to the motherfuckin' K and it's ready to rip
Slapped in my banana clip
And I'm lookin'
Is he in Watts, Oakland, Philly or Brooklyn?
It seems like he got the whole country behind him
So it's sort of hard to find him
But when I do, gotta put my gat in his mouth
Pump seventeen rounds, make his brains hang out
'Cause the shit he did was uncalled for
Tried to fuck a brother up the ass like a small whore
And that shit ain't fly
So now I'm settin' up the ultimate drive-by
And when you hear this shit, it make the world say, "Damn
I wanna kill Sam"
You might also like
Do the niggas run this motherfucker? (Hell yeah)
Do the niggas run this motherfucker? (Hell yeah)

Mama, some man at the front door (Sit your ass down)
Uh, hi
I have reason to believe that someone in this household has just turned eighteen
Am I correct?

Here's why I wanna kill the punk
'Cause he tried to take a motherfuckin' chunk of the funk
He came to my house, I let 'em bail in
'Cause he said he was down with the LM
He gave up a little dap
Then turned around and pulled out a gat
I knew it was a caper
I said, "Please don't kill my mother," so he raped her
Tied me up, took me outside
And I was thrown in a big truck
And it was packed like sardines
Full of niggas who fell for the same scheme
Took us to a place and made us work
All day and we couldn't have shit to say
Broke up the families forever
And to this day, Black folks can't stick together
And it's odd
Broke us down, made us pray to his God
And when I think about it, it make me say "Damn
I wanna kill Sam"
Ah, ah-ah-ah, ah-ah (I'm comin')
Ah, ah-ah-ah, ah-ah (I'm comin')
I'm comin'

Now in ninety-one, he wanna tax me
I remember the son of a bitch used to axe me
And hang me by a rope 'til my neck snapped
Now the sneaky motherfucker wanna ban rap
And put me under dirt or concrete
But God can see through a white sheet
'Cause you the devil in drag
You can burn your cross, well I'll burn your flag
Try to give me the HIV
So I can stop makin' babies like me
And you're givin' dope to my people, chump
Just wait 'til we get over that hump
'Cause your ass is grass 'cause I'ma blast
Can't bury rap like you buried jazz
'Cause we stopped bein' whores, stop doin' floors
So, bitch, you can fight your own wars
So if you see a man in red white and blue
Gettin' chased by the Lench Mob crew
It's a man who deserves to buckle
I wanna kill Sam 'cause he ain't my motherfuckin' Uncle
We've gone nowhere in 200 years? That's correct
We-we-we've gone nowhere in 200 years? That's correct
We-we-we've gone nowhere in 200 years? That's correct4Embed
This is the final boarding call for flight 1259 departing from Los Angeles
On destination to St. Louis, thank you

Damn, G, the spot's gettin' hot
So how the fuck am I supposed to make a knot?
Police looking at niggas through a microscope
In L.A. everybody and they mama sell dope
They trying to stop it
So what the fuck can I do to make a profit?
Catch a flight to St. Louis
That's cool, 'cause nobody knew us
We stepped off the plane
Four gang bangers, professional crack slangers
Rented a car at wholesale
Drove to the ghetto, and checked in a motel
Unpacked and I grab the three-eighty
'Cause where we stayin', niggas look shady
But they can't fade South Central
'Cause bustin' a cap is fundamental
Peepin' out every block close
Seein' which one will clock the most
Yeah, this is the one, no doubt
Bust a U, Bone, and let's clear these niggas out
You might also like
Ayy, ayy, man, wassup, nigga?
Yo, well, this Lench Mob, nigga

Now clearin' 'em out meant casualties
Still had the L.A. mentality
Bust a cap, and outta there in a hurry
Wouldn't you know? A drive-by in Missouri
Them fools got popped
Took they corner next day, set up shop
And it's better than slangin' in the Valley
Triple the profit makin' more than I did in Cali
Breakin' off rocks like Barney Rubble
'Cause them mark-ass niggas don't want trouble
And we ain't on edge when we do work
Police don't recognize the khakis and the sweatshirts
Gettin' bitches and they can't stand a
1991 Tony Montana
Now the shit's like a war
Of gang violence, where it was never seen before
Punks run when the gat bust
Four Jheri curl niggas kickin' up dust
And some of them are even lookin' up to us
Wearing our colors and talkin' that gang fuss
Givin' up much love
Dyin' for a street that they never heard of
But other motherfuckers wanna stand strong
So you know the phrase, once again it's on
At the top of the news tonight, gangs from South Central, Los Angeles which are known for their drive-by shootings
Have migrated into East St. Louis, leaving three dead and two others injured
No arrests have been made
Police say this is a nationwide trend
With similar incidents occurring in Texas, Michigan, and Oklahoma

Boom, my homie got shot, he's a goner, black
St. Louis niggas want they corner back
Shootin' in snowy weather
It's illegal business, niggas still can't stick together
Fuckin' police got the 4-1-1
That L.A. ain't all surf and sun
But we ain't thinkin' 'bout the boys
Feudin' like the Hatfields and McCoys
Now the shit's gettin' tricky
'Cause now they lookin' for the colors and the Dickies
Damn, the spot's gettin' hot from the battle
About to pack up and start slangin' in Seattle
But the NARCs raid about six in the mornin'
Try to catch a nigga when he's yawnin'
Put his Glock to my chest as I pause
Went to jail in my motherfuckin' drawers
Tryna give me fifty-seven years
Face'll be full of those tattooed tears
It's the same old story and the same old nigga stuck
And the public defender ain't givin' a fuck
The fool must be sparkin'
Talkin' about a double life plea bargain
You got to deal with the Crips and the Bloods by hand, G
Plus the Black Guerilla family
And the white pride don't like no side
And it's a riot if any one of us die
No parole or probation
Now this is a young man's summer vacation
No chance for rehabilitation
'Cause look at the motherfuckin' years that I'm facin'
I'ma end it like this 'cause you know what's up
My life is fucked
Come on, G
Police, eat a dick, straight up
Look here, you lil' goddamn nigga, you're not gafflin' nobody
You fuckin' understand me? (Kick his ass, put him down)
That's right, get down on the goddamn ground now
Fuckin' move, now (Let me take a shot at him, let me take a shot him)
We're gonna do you like King
What goddamn King?
Rodney King, Martin Luther King, and all the goddamn Kings from Africa
Look out, motherfucker8Embed
Yo, where the fuck is that little boy at?
Stanley, bring your ass here, god damnit (Man, fuck you, punk ass nigga)
But anyway man, yo, Bone man
When I get fourteen, man, I wanna buy me a rag top tray on some gold things (Stanley)
Man, fuck that shit, man
You need to take your ass to school, get you a motherfuckin' job and shit
Man, fuck that, man, fuck you, man, look here
When I get fourteen, man, I wanna buy me a rag top tray on some gold with a three-wheel motion
Chin wheel pull out (Ah shit), three finger ring, fat ass link (Stanley) and a big booty go bitch to with it
Man, fuck all that
Break 'em off something
Aha, it's really sad
Young brothers and sisters today have a lack of understanding on
What it really means to be Black

Could you tell me who unleashed our animal instinct? (Uh)
And the white man sittin' there tickled pink (No shit)
Laughin' at us on the avenue
Bustin' caps at each other after havin' brew
We can't enjoy ourselves
Too busy jealous at each other's wealth (Right, right)
But comin' up's just in me
But the Black community is full of envy (Oh shit)
Too much back-stabbin'
While I look out the window I see all the Japs grabbin'
Every vacant lot in my neighborhood (Yup)
Build a store, and sell their goods
To the county recips
You know, us po' niggas, nappy hair and big lips? (That's right)
Four or five babies on your crotch
And you expect Uncle Sam to help us out? (Shit)
We ain't nothin' but porch monkeys to the average bigot, redneck honky
You say comin' up is a must
But before we can come up, take a look at us
You might also like
You dumb ass nigga
Break 'em off something

And all y'all dope-dealers
You're as bad as the police 'cause ya kill us
You got rich when you started slangin' dope
But you ain't built us a supermarket (So shit)
So when can spend our money with the Blacks
Too busy buyin' gold and Cadillacs (Huh)
That's what ya doin' with the money that ya raisin'
Exploitin' us like the Caucasians did (Yup)
For 400 years, I got 400 tears, for 400 peers
Died last year from gang-related crimes
That's why I got gang-related rhymes (Right)
But when I do a show to kick some facts
Us Blacks don't know how to act
Sometimes I believe the hype, man
We mess it up ourselves and blame the white man
But don't point the finger you jiggaboo
Take a look at yourself, ya dumb nigga, you
Pretty soon Hip Hop won't be so nice
No Ice Cube, just Vanilla Ice (Man, fuck that)
And you'll sit and scream and cuss
But there's no one to blame but us
Yeah, but why is it that one motherfucker can ruin it for twenty-two thousand motherfuckers
When they wanna come see a good jam, you know what I'm sayin?
Ayy, Cube, tell 'em something, shit, you know how I feel?
Break 'em off something

Us, we'll always sing the blues
'Cause all we care about is hairstyles and tennis shoes
And if ya step on mine ya pushed a button
'Cause I'll beat you down like it ain't nothin'
Just like a beast
But I'm the first nigga to holler out peace, black man
I beat my wife and children to a pulp
When I get drunk and smoke dope
Got a bad heart condition
Still eat hog-mogs and chitlin's
Bet my money on the dice or  the horses
Jobless, so I'm a ho for the armed forces
Go to church but they tease us
With a picture of a blue-eyed Jesus
They used to call me Negro
After all this time I'm still bustin' up the chiffarobe
No respect and ignored
And I'm havin' more babies than I really can afford
In jail 'cause I can't pay the mother
Held back in life because of my color
Now this is just a little summary
Of us, but y'all think it's dumb of me
To hold a mirror to ya face, but trust
Nobody gives a fuck about4Embed
Ayy
Yeah, you, motherfucker
You know who I'm talking to
Yeah, you that motherfucker that betrayed your homeboys and you ain't shit
Yeah, you about to get your motherfucking ghetto pass revoked, motherfucker
Punk-ass mark, bitch-made
Punk-ass trick in a basket
Caught up in the mix

It's the nigga you love to hate with a new song
So what really goes on?
Nothing but a come-up, but ain't that a bitch?
They hate to see a young nigga rich
But I refuse to switch even though
'Cause I can't move to the snow
'Cause soon as y'all get some dough
You wanna put a white bitch on your elbow
Moving out your neighborhood
But I walk through the ghetto and the flavor's good
Little kids jumping on me
But you, you wanna be white and corny
Living way out
"Nigga, go home" spray-painted on your house
Trying to be white or a Jew
But ask yourself, who are they to be equal to?
Get the hell out
Stop being an Uncle Tom, you little sell-out
House nigga scum
Give something back to the place where you made it from
Before you end up broke
Fuck around and get your ghetto pass revoked
I ain't saying no names
You know who you are, you little punk, be true to the game
You might also like
Yeah, motherfucker
Yeah, you thought we forgot, huh?
Yeah, get a little money and moved out the neighborhood and shit
But you still ain't shit

When you first start rhyming
It started off slow and then you start climbing
But it wasn't fast enough, I guess
So you gave your other style a test
You was hardcore hip-hop
Now look at yourself, boy, you done flip-flopped
Giving our music away to the mainstream
Don't you know they ain't down with the team?
They just sent they boss over
Put a bug in your ear and now you crossed over
On MTV, but they don't care
They'll have a new nigga next year
You're out in the cold
No more white fans and no more soul
And you might have a heart attack
When you find out the black folks don't want you back
And you know what's worse?
You was just like the nigga in the first verse
Stop sellin' out your race
And wipe that stupid-ass smile off your face
Niggas always gotta show they teeth
Now I'ma be brief, be true to the game
Yeah, motherfucker, I see you got your fancy cars and shit
But you know what? You still ain't shit
That's right, I caught you slipping
You know I could've gat you, yeah, but I didn't even trip

A message to the Oreo cookie
Find a mirror and take a look, G
Do you like what you see?
But you're quick to point the finger at me
You wanna be the big fish, you little guppy
Black man can't be no yuppie
You put on your suit and tie and your big clothes
You don't associate with the Negroes
You wanna be just like Jack
But Jack is calling you a nigga behind your back
So back off, genius
I don't need you to correct my broken English
You know that's right
You ain't white
So stop holding your ass tight
'Cause you can't pass
So why you keep trying to pass?
With your black ass
Mister Big
But in reality, you're shorter than a midge
You only got yourself to blame
Get a grip, Oreo, and be true to the game
Uh, yeah
Uh, yeah
Ha-ha
And Ice Cube practices what he preaches
He continues to live in South Central Los Angeles and he puts his money into projects that improve the neighborhood
Be true to the game5Embed
To all my people goin through it on a daily basis
And it seem like the world is full of cold places
Keep yo' head up, fuck what they said cause
You can do it and the man will get you through it
I believe that, homey I believe that
If I can picture that, I'll bring a picture back

They say "Gangster, gangster! Tell me how you do it
How you get through it and them other niggas blew it"
I keep my eye on the prize then pursue it
Chase it like a cheetah choke it out and subdue it
So self-educate, nigga don't hate
Cause the game I got, is Madden oh-eight
Fuck with Cube, I'm better than YouTube
Fuck with them dudes them niggas is new school
The game don't change just the players
The rhymes don't change just the fuckin rhymesayers
(Hahahaha!) They make it up as they go along
But I'm goin on 25 years strong
The shit I say might get you through the day
Or change your whole life, in a major way
The shit they say, might catch you a case
The shit I say, feel like your birthday
You might also like

You know what? Momma said it'd be days like this
Straight hell on earth, but come up out the abyss
She said "Don't let 'em see you crawl, don't let 'em see you fall
All they wanna do is laugh when you tear your drawers"
It's a cold world nigga bring a bomber jacket
If it's another hustle out there I'mma crack it
Fuck the new dance I'mma learn how to eat
Get my mind right, stay up out these fuckin streets
They keep callin me
They keep callin, all the lil' homies keep fallin
In them same traps niggas cain't figure out
In the fast lane boy but the bridge is out
Make my blood boil, get yo' life spoiled
Get you in the system, get you in the soil
And your funeral was sponsored by Unocal
Saw you UVN, nigga digital


I know, it's fucked up how they do us
Pretend they really care, but then they Jerry Lewis
Take that money that was allocated to us
Put us in some fucked up trailers then sue us
Watchin Katrina, is worser than Ike & Tina
See New Orleans get bitchslapped by FEMA
Louisiana got racist-ass politics
Free the Jena Six (NIGGA FREE THE JENA SIX~!)
Your honor, Osama, Obama
Even, yo' momma, ain't fuckin with my commas
They want us to quit, forget
And not give a shit about these sick-ass politics
A lunatic is in the White House
Make me wanna go do a lick right now
But they'll make a nigga bow down
In the penitentiary, a billion dollar industry

I believe that, homey I believe that
If I can picture that, I'll bring a picture back5Embed
Goddamn, it's a brand new payback
From the straight gangsta mack in straight gangsta black
How many motherfuckers gotta pay?
Went to the shelf and dusted off the AK
Caps gotta get peeled
Cause "The Nigga Ya Love to hate" still can "Kill at Will"
It ain't no pop cause that sucks
And you can New Jack Swing on my nuts
Down wit' the niggas that I bail out
I'm platinum, bitch, and I didn't have to sell out
"Fuck you, Ice Cube", that's what the people say
Fuck America, still with the triple K
'Cause you know when my nine goes buck
It'll bust your head like a watermelon dropped from twelve stories up
Now let's see who'll drop
Punk motherfuckers tryin' to ban hip-hop
Fuck R&B and the runnin' man
I'm the one that stand, with the gun in hand
Make sure before you buck wit' duck quick
Punk, 'cause I'm the wrong nigga to fuck with
("I'ma let y'all know one thing man")

Hell yeah it's on, you better tell 'em
Ice Cube and I'm rolling with the motherfuckin' L.M
It's the number one crew in the area
Make a move for your gat and I'll bury ya
Ashes to ashes, dirt to dirt
Punks roll when I put in work
'Cause Lench Mob niggas are the craziest
And y'all motherfuckers can't fade my shit
South Central, that's where the Lench Mob dwell
Hittin' fools up with the big ass L
One time can't hold me back
Sweatshirt, khakis and croaker sacs
Stop givin' juice to the Raiders
Cause Al Davis never paid us
I hope he wear a vest
It's all about the L-E-N-C-H y'all know the rest
Muthafuckin' crew, muthafuckin' mob
Do a muthafuckin' job in a muthafuckin' squad
In '91, Ice Cube grew stronger and bigger
And I'm the wrong nigga to fuck with
("One-and-two, ah-three-e-and-ah-four-and")
("Wait a minute, wait a minute, wait a minute")
Drop a old school beat
You might also like
Like I said, it's a brand new payback
Now in '91, let's see whose beats get jacked
Sir Jinx grew a little bit taller
(Keep the wack beats out)
True motherfuckin' baller
And hoes can't roll on
Even bitches looking like En Vogue gotta "Hold On"
Don't let me catch Daryl Gates in traffic
I gotta have it, to peel his cap backwards
I hope he wear a vest too, and his best blue
Goin' up against the Zulu
Break his spine like a jellyfish
Kick his ass 'til I'm smellin' shit
Off with the head, off with the head I say
And watch the devil start kickin'
Run around like a chicken
Grand Dragon finger lickin'
Yo, turn him over with a spatula
Now we got, Kentucky Fried Cracker
Mess with the Cube, you get punked quick
Pig, cause I'm the wrong nigga to fuck with

("Last person in the world you wanna fuck with")
("Last person in the world you wanna fuck with")
("Last person in the world you wanna fuck with")6Embed
From hood to hood, sea to shinin sea
Let this be the anthem, when you niggas see me
Fuck 'em, uh-huh

When I'm on the block, and you see me chillin
With that drop-top, don't let me hurt ya feelings
When I'm in the club, lookin like a million
With that bitch you love, don't let me hurt ya feelings

Tick tock, niggas see me on the block
And they stomachs drop, cause I'm so fuckin hot
Now, you know my M.O. pull up and blow the horn
She runs out at night and comes back in the morn'
Leave these niggas lookin like Children of the Corn
Ain't nuttin in the world like a bitch nigga scorned
Forewarned if you thinkin 'bout this porn
It may result in yo' drawers gettin torn nigga
I'm Hosea Jackson's last born
I'm a rooster, Foghorn Leghorn
Youse a loser, get your feelings hurt when I seduce her
She turn my dick to stone just like Medusa
Mad cause I got my dick sucked, and my balls licked
Faggot niggas come out the closet
You know that bitch you like that's throwin the P
You know that bitch you like is goin with me
You might also like

With the full chrome blow ya dome, nigga I'm the king of Rome
Jim Jones these hoes into my living room
Niggas get jealous, at the Goodfellas
"He's a hot dog~!" Nigga add relish
Papered out, lay you out, fuckin with my paper route
Take you out so momma cain't make you out
When I creep niggas read 'em and weep
When they peep I'm a fuckin wolf dressed like a sheep
So fresh, so clean, so nice, so mean
She's a motherfuckin fiend fo' this negro supreme (yeay-yay)
Hoes scream they wanna be on my team, but uhh
It's a dream like Martin the King
Heartbreaker, money taker, nigga, it's my nature
To shake her, soon as a nigga break her
And I'm done, you can have her back
Sucker niggas askin where yo' ass was at


My hood, yo' hood, niggas up to no good
Get your shine on, please make it understood
Get your grind on nigga 'til it's all good
Run up on these 24's - wish you would
I wish y'all bitch niggas would
Swizz Beatz wanna give you crybaby niggas a pacifier
When you see us comin get to runnin {*fades out*}1Embed
Gangsta
Uh!

Tell me all my children
'Fore I come through, is the hood in the building?
(Yes)
You won't believe what I'm dealin'
This West coast shit, oh what a feelin'
(Ah)
Niggas think I'm drug dealin'
'Cause I roll by with no motherfuckin' ceiling (none)
Is he worth a hundred million?
No need to ask Ice Cube how I'm livin'
(How ya livin' loc?)
I still got the recipe
South Central LA is the pedigree
Don't try to tell me what it better be
I have your ass up in physical therapy
I outlaw like a Cherokee
The rap industry tried to bury me
But if I died on the mic up at Larry B
I'm so heavy, you bitches couldn't carry me

Get money, spend money, no money, lookin' like a dummy
(I really don't give a fuck)
Your money ain't my fuckin' money, got a pocket full of money
(Come on homie, throw it up)
Get money, spend money, no money, lookin' like a dummy
(I really don't give a fuck)
Your money ain't my fuckin' money, got a pocket full of money
(Come on homie, throw it up)
You might also like
I don't accept no disrespect
Only thing I expect is self-check
Just grin and bury it
Got an ass-whoopin' that your ass don't wanna inherit
Most rappers are parrots
They say what they told to say, to get a neck full of karats
Got your mama embarrassed
How long 'fore they callin' us, terrorists? Nigga, I'm serious
I, keep it gangsta but it keeps a job
'Cause, it's, hard to sleep when you steal and rob
And ya, got to run here comes the blob
'Cause, Uncle Sam is like part of the Mob
Break yourself, he'll take your wealth
Don't get it twisted, you a motherfuckin' elf
And Santa Claus will go for self
All you got is your balls and your health

Get money, spend money, no money, lookin' like a dummy
(I really don't give a fuck)
Your money ain't my fuckin' money, got a pocket full of money
(Come on homie, throw it up)
Get money, spend money, no money, lookin' like a dummy
(I really don't give a fuck)
Your money ain't my fuckin' money, got a pocket full of money
(Come on homie. throw it up)
Niggas brag about what they got
But we don't own a skyscraper, now that's paper
(Now that's paper)
One generation from slums
Happy for these little crumbs, you little bums
We saw you pull up, but nigga shut up
(Shut up)
You always talkin' about a fuckin' car or truck
You always talkin' about some fuckin' rims or interior
That kind of shit'll keep our ass inferior
I'm tryin' to eat tomorrow
Ain't tryin' to hear about the little bitty shit you bought
Saw your little bitty house on "Cribs"
Where you fuck your wife, and feed your kids
(Uh, uh)
Nigga be quiet, ain't shit private
Everything for sale, you can buy it
All this self-snitchin', all this self-tellin'
Motherfuckers goin' back to the watermelon

Get money, spend money, no money, lookin' like a dummy
(I really don't give a fuck)
Your money ain't my fuckin' money, got a pocket full of money
(Come on homie, throw it up)
Get money, spend money, no money, lookin' like a dummy
(I really don't give a fuck)
Your money ain't my fuckin' money, got a pocket full of money
(Come on homie, throw it up)
Get money, spend money, no money, lookin' like a dummy
(I really don't give a fuck)
Your money ain't my fuckin' money, got a pocket full of money
(Come on homie, throw it up)
Get money, spend money, no money, lookin' like a dummy
(I really don't give a fuck)
Your money ain't my fuckin' money, got a pocket full of money
(Come on homie, throw it up)Embed
If you try to get with me, pull a four and a fifty
Fuck your monkey ass up, like Bobby did Whitney
Trigger fingers get itchy, when niggas get bitchy
And they need they story told on Jerry or Ricki
Pull your green in your iffy, I'm clean and I'm spiffy
If they lock me up today I'll be back in a jiffy
All my niggas that's with me, all my bitches are picky
To ride around us right on time, bitch you know it's tricky
Take a hit of the sticky, everybody get tipsy
When we hittin' that whiskey, all my niggas get pissy
Don't fuck with no sissy, all we bumpin' is missy
If you know where I am, motherfucker come get me
I'm a man not a Mickey, all my niggas love hickies
That don't go away 'til you're well in your sixties
All I'm wearin' is Dickies, don't try to evict me
When we come to Atlanta we gon' re-open Nikki's
 - X 2
And y'all better get use to it
And y'all better get use to it
And y'all better get use to it
And y'all better get use to it

Barracuda with it, call security
Fuck the dress code, I'm in a white T with jewelry
Hand to my side with my nine, sat lyin' back
In the club with your baby mama in my lap
Lookin' fly like I got a pocket full of stones
Pro fitted on, wearin' chronic cologne
Big watch, big rocks, grip Glocks, dick guap
What you niggas thought, motherfucker this is Lench Mob
Dub make the trigger knock, talk shit
I'll put additional air condition holes in your Bentley top
And shorty got 'em gettin' low, I rich rolls
Swervin' on them MVP's, I call 'em Kobe's cause they 24's
Still spittin' out sunflowers, Dub and Don Dadda
Bustin' more gun powder than gun towers
Down South, y'all can Screw it, it's the West, too truest
Keep the party jumpin' like do it fluid and never lose it
You might also like - X 2
And y'all better get use to it
And y'all better get use to it
And y'all better get use to it
And y'all better get use to it

Who my gangsta rap teacher? (Ice Cube) Nigga you better know it
It's the Don Dadda Jr. slash motherfuckin' poet
Sit back and take notes while I spin like hundred spokes
My flow is razor sharp, I'm comin' straight for your throat
With that West Coast, gangbang, watch him when his chain hang
East Coast, Down South, niggas do the same thang
Throw up your dubs like Wu-Tang, who bang
Harder than that nigga bailin' through your hood with two chains
Swangin' like his nuts, cause he don't give a fuck
Bout no nigga that ain't bangin' in no khakis or some Chuck's
It's that Westside, Connect'd with that nigga who flow so wreckless
He spent a hundred thousand on his necklace, I'll bet this
Motherfuckin' Coast ain't got shit after me
Ain't have shit before Cube except a W.C
The Maad Circle is back, with mad purple in fact
I'm bout to join the Lench Mob, that's me squirtin' the mac, motherfuckers
 - X 2
And y'all better get use to it
And y'all better get use to it
And y'all better get use to it
And y'all better get use to itEmbed
Here's another day at the stoplight
I'm lookin' in my mirror so I can see who can see me
South Central is puttin' Ice Cube to the test
With four brothers in the SS
Now I can't go around and can't back up
So I gotta peep game layin' in the cut
Is this a jack or a kidnap?
Since I'm never ever slippin', I'm fully strapped
I grab my gat out the glove
Do these fools got a problem with me, or do they got love?
And when the light turn green, I don't bone out
I wanna see what these black men are all about
'Cause if it's my time, I'm just short
If not, I'm pluggin' they Super Sport
First they get behind my ride
Then they switch lanes to the left side
I'm scopin' out the one smokin' indo
Comin' up fast, rollin' down his window
He threw up a sign, I put away my nine
Fool, 'cause I'm colorblind

Killer Cali', the state where they kill
Over colors 'cause brothers don't know the deal
And they'll cap you, not if they have to
But if they want to, first they might confront you
But every nigga on my block can't stop
And he won't stop and he don't stop
Not to the bang bang boogie, but they like to gangbang
And rookies ain't the only ones that drop
Some say the little Locs is gettin' a little too Loc
And when it come to dust, they kick up the most
Say the wrong words
Then whistle down the street to your homies like a bird
Bust a U-turn, come back and get served, nigga
For the women, it don't matter how loud they blouse get
For men, the wrong color outfit can get your mouth split
It's a shame, but it ain't no thing to me
'Cause I sling these things like a G
It's on, it's anybody killer for the summertime
I gotta get another nine even though I'm colorblind
You might also like
I'm fresh out the county on bail
And no sooner do I get out, seems like I'm right back in jail
For some gang related activity
'Cause every day, different fools try to get with me
For no more than a color or territory
Can't rehabilitate 'em, that's the sheriff's story
So what's left?
The judge goes deaf
When you try to tell your side
And you ain't blue-eyed
Boy, you better duck 'cause the book is comin'
So just hand your car keys over to your woman
Because it ain't no sunshine where you headed
And this shit'll drive you crazy if you let it
But now I got time to think
Because they hit me with everything but the kitchen sink
And I ain't even shed a tear
'Cause believe it or not, they got more love for me here
Now picture that
But on a black and white photograph
'Cause brothers, you don't know the half
On the streets, I was damn near out of my mind
But ever since I've been down, I'm colorblind

Now here's the game plan, yo, at a quarter to nine
I was told to peel a cap on the other side
Yo, young and dumb and full of cum, I’m a baby Loc
I gotta put in work for the hood and that ain't no joke
Stable and able, but I'm not ready and willin'
'Cause I'm only thirteen and I ain't never did a killin'
Grabbed the AK and jumped in the G ride
Started up the bucket and headed for the other side
Yo, spotted the enemies, now I'm on a creep tip
Hit the five dollar stick and I put in my clip
So I jumped out the car and no matter what the cost
I had my mind set on sendin' niggas to Harrison Ross
Caught one from the back and I looked in his eyes
Thinkin', "Should I peel his cap, or should I let him survive?"
Yo, I'm trapped in the plan designed by the other kind
I ain't contributin' to genocide
Why?
This sucker's colorblind
Niggas in the hood ain't changed
And I've finally figure out that we're not in the same gang
'Cause I walk the alleys of Compton with nowhere to turn
Every which way, I get burned
Baby Boo wears blue, Big Fred wears red
Put 'em together, then we color 'em dead
Dead, dying, gettin' smoked's like part of the fun
They get smoked just to show how many come to the funeral

I understand how all my homeboys feel
'Cause I've been shot and to this day I pack my steel
'Cause I was born in a certain territory
Where you don't talk, only the streets tell stories
Where blue and red bandanas on the street
And if you're slippin', you'll be six feet deep
See, me and T-Bone, we pay it no mind
And for the rest of the Mob, we stay colorblind

I thought I could get into caring, but if I started caring, then I would get sloppy6Embed
The West Coast Warlord
The Grand Wizard
Ice Cube
Motherfucking head so big
They call him jack 'n the box

(Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey)
(Tha Bizness)
Yeah, yeah
I'm a superhero, like Lou Ferrigno
Made Bob De Niro, look like a zero
Shine the spotlight, this is my night
Get your cameras ready, let it rain confetti
I'm a champion, I do what can't be done
In the real league nerd not the fantasy one
Throw your hands up, you can cheer for your boy
When I hit the stage get a ear full of noise
When I bring the noise from here to Illinois
Motherfuckers love when I do what it does
A all-star, superstar entertainer
World-class, first ballot hall of famer
Some rappers claim that they got a heart full of anger
How when your lyrics were written by a stranger?
Fool, I'm the greatest, you just the latest
I'm loved by your grandmama, and your babies
You might also like
See my head is so big they call me jack 'n the box
You can't impress me, so fuck what you got
I say my head is so big they call me jack 'n the box
Don't talk about money 'cause I'm stacking a lot

Shine that light on me, put that light on me
'Cause I was sent to the world, by G-O-D
Shine that light on me, put that light on me
'Cause I was sent to the world, by G-O-D

(Hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey, hey)

I was a born loser, I was a born sinner
Now I am a winner, in the Convention Center
I got to take a bow, 'cause I still wonder how
The system didn't get me when I was a juvenile (Just think)
Just think if I had got locked up
No "Boyz N Tha Hood" thanks to America
No Eazy, N.W.A, no "Friday"
Don't let ya motherfucking talent go to waste
Don't catch a case 'cause these people got a place
To throw your life away and take you right out the waste
Throw your hands up, you got to man up
I had to show the world, what I was made of
What you say blood, I was a slave cuz
Now I'm VIP, up in Vegas
I'm up in Nike town, so how you like me now
See the whole industry had to bite my style
See my head is so big they call me jack 'n the box
I knew we would win, so I'm bragging a lot
I say my head is so big they call me jack 'n the box
My shit is so dope, it's like crack in the pot

Shine that light on me, put that light on me
'Cause I was sent to the world, by G-O-D
Shine that light on me, put that light on me
'Cause I was sent to the world, by G-O-D

Now mama don't be mad, I got to show my ass
And thank these motherfuckers for my past
I got to let them know I never break like glass (Never)
What you looking at is top notch world-class
Now mama don't be mad, I got to show my ass
And thank these motherfuckers for my past
I got to let them know I never break like glass (Never)
What you looking at is top notch world-class

See my head is so big they call me jack 'n the box
You can't impress me, so fuck what you got
I say my head is so big they call me jack 'n the box
Don't talk about money 'cause I'm stacking a lot
Shine that light on me, put that light on me
'Cause I was sent to the world, by G-O-D
Shine that light on me, put that light on me
'Cause I was sent to the world, by G-O-DEmbed
I am the one, that you heard about, read about
I am the one, that had to take the ghetto route
I am the one, don't make me pull this metal out
I'm comin' straight from the cage who let him out
Crazy nigga thought he was gone, but he ain't gone
Even King Kong took his black monkey ass home
When I hit the block, watch them scatter like roaches
So don't be fake, cause I know what a ho is
Handle my business, no playin' cause I'm focused
You the definition of what a fuckin' joke is
When they see you comin', they play with your emotions
Fuck with my emotions and they find you in the oceans
Yeah I said oceans, yeah I mean plural
My boy got a knife to turn a boy into a girl
We'll fuck up your world, no boos to my drama
We'll include yo mama, if you fuck with my commas
I ain't tryin' to scare you
I ain't tryin' to hear you
I ain't tryin' to control that nigga in the mirror
I'll I'm tryin' to is bark before I bite
Before I take you down, might as well be polite

Hear 'em say, oh my God, here he come, here he come
Hear 'em say, oh my God, here he come, here he come
Hear 'em say, oh my God, here he come, here he come
Hear 'em say, oh my God, here he come, here he come
Don't tryin' to be no hero, you nothin' but a zero
Don't tryin' to be no hero, you nothin' but a zero
Don't tryin' to be a hero, you nothin' but a zero
A nigga for the people, where ever they go we go
You might also like
Now when I roll through the hood, lil' kids watch my every move
Tryin' to be a good example, don't make me bury you
If you sick on my swagger, bitch take some Theraflu
Don't underestimate the damage caused by a '22
Pop yo' ass right behind the ear within' hear
Nothin' like a firecracker, hits you like a linebacker
Don't forget the grind factor, I am a grinder
And here's a reminder, ain't no tellin' where they find ya
Now what this got to do with the price of tea in China?
Nothin' mothafucka just don't act like a vagina
You won't catch the wrath of this hardcore rhymer
Now you got 55 niggas right behind ya
Now you wanna talk it out, but we don't negotiate
Now you gotta do all kind of shit that we know you hate
Straight from the west and we got to be respected
Here it's going down, hear 'em runnin' for the exit

Hear 'em say, oh my God, here he come, here he come
Hear 'em say, oh my God, here he come, here he come
Hear 'em say, oh my God, here he come, here he come
Hear 'em say, oh my God, here he come, here he come
Don't tryin' to be no hero, you nothin' but a zero
Don't tryin' to be no hero, you nothin' but a zero
Don't tryin' to be a hero, you nothin' but a zero
A nigga for the people, where ever they go we go
See this boy in this bitch gonna ape shit
Glitch Mob niggas takin' off like a spaceship
Pesos to Euros, eatin' those green and great chips
Get 'em by the bag, you can say we Feedo Lay chips
I'm so hungry that I can eat these niggas faces
Meet the plastic surgeons givin' Hollywood a face lift
Off the grape shit, and I'm feelin' like I'm faceless
The Mob you ain't in, nigga don't say shit
You ain't nothin' to play with, nigga I beat the basics
Cock and spray shit, quick to leave a nigga faceless
Playin' Superman, will get a brave nigga sprayed quick
Niggas can't fade this, music for the ages
Because we get it in like Young Crush
She be payin' big fishin'
In the water bitch you in the deep end
Boy I pull you deep in, underneath the deep end
Nigga have you sinkin', when I hear you creepin', hear em' sayin'
3Embed
(I can dig it)
(Dog catcher, dog catcher)
(I can dig it)
(Dog catcher, dog catcher)
(I can dig it)

Here's another topic I'm addressin'
So learn a quick lesson, about your Smith and Wesson
Sit your ass back and comprehend
As I let you know about man's best friend
Now remember, it used to be a dog like Lassie
But now in '91, it's a gun if you asked me
Just like a jimmy hat's used for protection
I use my nine when suckers start to flexin'
'Cause if you run up and try to play mine
I'd rather have a AK than a fucking canine
'Cause if you shot your gun, and my dog tried to fetcha
Me and the dog's goin' out on a stretcher
And I ain't with that, so I gotta get that
Big black gat, aim and I hit that
Forget about a dog, fool, he'll shit in the den
Nowadays, a gat is man's best friend

(Dog catcher, dog catcher)
(I can dig it) Man's best friend
(Dog catcher, dog catcher)
(I can dig it)
You might also like
Here is the reason why Ice Cube pack
Just in case the little punks try to jack
I can't put a motherfucking pitbull
Under a coat in the small of my back
So I gotta take my Beretta, and I betcha
It'll probably work a hundred percent better
'Cause it'll keep me out of danger
With sixteen in the clip and one in the chamber
So this goes to all y'all intruders
Beware of the owner 'cause the owner is a shooter
I don't just wanna give your ass rabies
I'd rather have your ass pushing up daisies
And I can't do that with Benji
Rin Tin Tin, or Spuds McKenzie
Forget about a dog, fool, he'll shit in the den
Nowadays, a gat is man's best friend

("Just don't let me see you shoot no dogs")
("Hey, I got shots fired here, send me another unit")
("The profile of a typical American gun owner is this:
Over thirty, white, male, middle class")
"Take that, motherfuckers"3Embed
I got my locs on (2x)
And you can't see my eyes (2x)
I got my locs on (2x)
And you can't tell I'm high (2x)
I got my locs on (2x)
And you can't see my eyes (2x)
I got my locs on (2x)
And you can't tell I'm high (2x)

I got my locs on, welcome to the terrordome
I got them carrots on givin off them pheromones
Women love it when they see me on that motorcycle
Niggas hate it cuz they know I'm makin more than Michael
Been ballin since the word ballin played out
They brought it back to describe me in that maybach
Me and Jeezy Jeezy rollin with our locs on
Smokin somethin good fuckin up the ozone


Brand new Versaces ran me a buck 50
(they must have set you back) naw baby not really
Switchin lanes yes yea the chopper's just silly
When it's bustin at your ass we just laughin at ya really
I got my locs on dickies on keep the workin niggas on
Keep the cashmere vickis on yea she keep them vickis on
Keep my locs on see you hatin motherfuckers
Keep my locs on you know they match my bag suckas
You might also like

I got my locs on cuz my eyes are burgundy
And when I get home I don't want the third degree
The verdict be urgently these niggas wanna murder me
They scared of the consequences comin from my defenses
It ain't that expensive have your ass hoppin fences
Lucky motherfucker missed your ass by some inches
Next time understand what you fuckin' with, it's legendary status
Sittin behind these glasses nigga
Embed
Now is the time...
C'mon y'all
Stand tall, live your life to the limit
Cause haterism seem like a fucking epidemic
And look at Ice Cube, I ain't no gimmick
I'm straight from the hood, I got to represent it
Now - every day I think about my color
And all the crazy shit we do to one another
I ain't your blood brother, but I'm your cuz brother
Let's take it back to the love and how it was brother
If not, we gon' pull these triggers
Show the world we deserve to be called niggas
I make a fuck-up, like Don Imus
Bow on his knees, and call me yo' highness
You can too, you got the power to
Don't let this motherfuckin system devour you
I won't pretend, or act like I'm knowin you
But check it out I understand what you goin through

But remember, brothers and sisters
You can still stand tall
Just be thankful...
For what you got
You might also like
I know what y'all motherfuckers thinking, heh heh
Here comes another rapper with a song about hope
All you wanna hear is a song about dope
And how a nigga got mo' money than the Pope
But he'll never tell you when he drop the soap
No~! Ice Cube is here to drop you a note
Cause some of our folk used to hang from ropes
And some of our people used to hang from trees
Now the only thing hangin muh'fucker is DEEZ
So, get your mind right, and I'mma rhyme right
Fuck the limelight, and a blind dyke
I'm the sunlight, too bright to look
When it's all said and done I should write the book
You too cool for school, too old to know?
Get your ass off the grassroots and let 'em grow
I understand, it ain't no love lost
But little kids, it ain't no Santa Claus


Yeah, f'real
I was born in the mud but I came out clean
That's 'til the government tried to intervene
Tried to lock me up when I was only 19
Don't never ever ever let 'em kill your dream
I make shit raw that piss off the law
If you want some fake shit turn this off
If you want some realness I know you can feel this
Maybe we can heal this just like an illness
Black on black, I got'cho back
People don't think that we know how to act
Just because our neighborhood is filled with crack
And the CIA, won't take it back
Never on top, always on the bottom
Never put your trust in Hillary Rodham
Cause I can tell you now it's gon' turn out rotten
Keep on pushin, get 'em 'til we got 'em

Stand up, f'real...
Raise your hand if you sick of this bullshit
Heh, in the belly of the evil empire {*fades*}1Embed
There are seven known wonders of the world
Yeah, hehe, you about to witness the 8th muh'fucker
I got King Kong in my trunk, King Kong in my doors
My nuts play ping-pong from the noise
You can hear me from a block away
I'm sittin next to yo' ass and can't hear, what you got to say
My shit is loud, my ears is ringin
My paint job is wet, my chrome is gleamin
I feel like a vet ballin on these rookies
An old school bully, you must have played hooky
I bring it like a bookie my aggression is depressin
Don't give a motherfucker time to learn his lesson!
A LUNATIC~! Y'all know what I represent
The only rapper who wanna fistfight the President!

It take a nation of niggas to hold us back

When I bang this is dangerous, niggas go brainless
So bang this with the fo'-five stainless
And understand that you lookin at the famous
West coast rapper, who act like a anus
Hollywood! They thought they could tame this
Pitbull, but I know what the game is
Them fuckers cheat like a NBA ref
If you smoke one they'll electrocute you to death
I got God on my intellect, Godzilla by the neck
When a nigga come through, who you wanna holla at
Ghost writers hit the deck, when your boy got a tec
Where the fuck is, Afrika, Bambaataa at?
We need to take it back, fuck Viacom
Clear Clear Channel, and Radio One
You motherfuckers programmed by the programmers
That's why you gettin locked up by the do' slammers
Not me!
You might also like

They music so fluffy, I'mma stay gutter
That shit is kind of popcorn, my shit is so butter
My style never change, in 22 summers
Straight independent, and doin my numbers
This shit don't sell, you know I'm still paid
So sourpuss niggas, can drink lemonade
I'm doin it for the love, you doin it because
You need that advancement to spend on them dubs
I don't need a penny, but I need many
Don't worry about my money boy cause I got plenty
You muh'fuckers worry about flossin so much
You don't know the fundamentals you forgot how to brush!
These 32 teeth, will give yo' ass grief
Bite you like a Fatburger if you got beef
So who's it gon' be? Your favorite MC
You scared of the government they scared of me
Now what?
 * except last line changed
* It take a nation of niggas and streets of crack {*echoes*}Embed
I do gangsta rap
They wanna blame the world problems on gangsta rap
It's our fault 'cause motherfuckers is dying in Iraq
It's our fault 'cause motherfuckers is starving in Africa
It's gangsta rap fault that people are poor, can't get enough to fucking eat or live their life
That's rap music fault
It's rap music fault that we got all these goddamn laws and restrictions and shit we can't do
They blame it all on us
I'm blamin' them motherfuckers for gangsta rap
Because if they didn't create these kind of conditions, I wouldn't have shit to rap about. You know what I mean?
A'right, a'right, everybody back up, star status comin' through
The man is in the building
Don't touch him, don't look at him, and don't ask to take a picture
{Verse 1}
I walks in, with that California swagger
With the attitude that it ain't nothin' badder
Now, you can call me rapper, or you can call me mister
Big money trapper, fuckin' with your sister
I'mma do it my way, from here to Zimbabwe
It's too hot today
Fuck what you got to say
Fuck if you mad at me, better go change your battery
Ain't gon' take my sunshine, like I hit the lottery
Ah, he's a show off, a hot head go off (Yeah)
Don't make him mad, he might tear the fucking door off
Take all his calls, and don't try to blow off
'Cause one of his people, might cut your fucking toe off
Ice Cube, baby, make you take him serious
Everything I say, ends with a period
Everything I do, ends with you curious
Stop lookin' for the best rapper—goddamn, here he is
You might also like{Chorus}
(Thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back
(Thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back
(Thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back
And we ain't gotta put up with this brainless rap
(So thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back
(You better) (Thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back
(You better) (Thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back
And we ain't gotta put up with this brainless rap

Comin' live from Los Angeles
I know you hate to see me comin'
(I know, I know)
I know you sayin' a little something
(I know, I know)
I know your mouth is still runnin'
(I know, I know)
All smiles when I come in
{Verse 2}
When I step up in the spot, "Is he a thug or not?"
"Is he a juggernaut?" No, I'm an astronaut
Nose all in the clouds, y'all think I'm too proud
Got to stay above the crowd—How you fuckers like me now?
Some of y'all start to smile, some of y'all start to frown
Some of y'all back up, 'fore a nigga start to clown
Now I gotta act up, kinda like Bobby Brown
Better call for back up, when I shut this lobby down
When will you realize the cycle will continue
Do commercials for Haterade—Boy, is it in you?
Hate to see me comin', rich as Phillip Drummond
Me and my lady, Superman and Wonder Woman
He think he the shit, the shit think he me
So come smell mine, I bet it don't stink
I am the link, the food and the drink
The color in the Kool-Aid, the nigga in the mink
(Don't trip)
{Chorus}
(Thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back
(Thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back
(You better) (Thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back
And we ain't gotta put up with this brainless rap
(So thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back
(You better) (Thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back
(Thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back
And we ain't gotta put up with this brainless rap

(I know, I know)
I know you hate to see me comin'
(I know, I know)
I know you sayin' a little something
(I know, I know)
I know your mouth is still runnin'
(I know, I know)
All smiles when I come in
Thank God that The Gangsta's back (Scratched)
{Verse 3}
Now when will they realize, they'll never stop me
They call me arrogant, they call me cocky
Just because, I won't let 'em jock me
They wanna whoop my ass, but this ain't Rocky
I'm hot as a hibachi, Star Child cometh
And I promise y'all I'mma keep it one hun'ed
Y'all promise me you won't T-R-I-P (Don't trip)
Or I'mma have to hit your ass with a 2 piece
Hit you with some fries and two more sides
Don't you know my niggas turn haters in the mash potatoes
I'm the macaroni with the cheese, nigga please
When you see me on the red carpet, down on your knees
{Chorus}
(Thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back
(Thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back
(You better) (Thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back
And we ain't gotta put up with this brainless rap
(So thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back
(Thank God) (Thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back
(You better) (Thank God) Thank God The Gangsta's back
And we ain't gotta put up with this brainless rap

(I know, I know)
I know you hate to see me comin'
(I know, I know)
I know you sayin' a little something
(I know, I know)
I know your mouth is still runnin'
(I know, I know)
All smiles when I come in1Embed
Hahaha, today was a good day
Know what?, sometimes I just get on my knees
You know what I mean?
And pray to the man with the master plan
To swoop on down (swoop on down)
On that mothership, scoop a nigga up...
Lord have mercy, my people so thirsty
Come feed 'em, either Jesus or Muhammad
All we get is vomit, come like a comet
Put it in my brain Lord, put it in my stomach
Only you can run it, I'mma learn from it
Do what I gotta do, try not to plummet
America eats its youth like reptiles
Don't worry bout tomorrow, let's get this right now
They want to run us in the ground
Educate yourself before they dumb you down
Get your money boy, the legal way
Beat 'em with they own bullshit if you may
Now rich white men they got the world fucked up
Why should I give a fuck about a styrofoam cup?
Environmental scene, I'll keep it clean
But if I go green, you know what I mean, bitch

Take me away from these people
Take me away from these people
(Take me away)
Take me away from these people
Take me away from these people
You might also like
Ice Cube for President
Let's just do it for the hell of it
See how I'd run the government - make money irrelevant
I might tell a chick, it's illegal to be celibate
Secret Service don't know where the hell I went
Sorry y'all, I had to fuck a Superdelegate
Dream ticket, Ice Cube and Obama
American dream, Ice Cube and yo' mama
The Terminator, are you Sarah Connor?
Arnold Schwarzenegger, can kill who he wanna?
In California, they strap you to a gurney
And murder yo' ass, in front of your attorney
Do you really wanna take this journey?
Ain't scared of none of y'all motherfuckers like Bernie
Mac (step back) Step back, I got the Mac-11
Unlike Obama, I'mma have to back my reverand

Take me away from these people
Take me away from these people
(Take me away)
Take me away from these people
Take me away from these people

Now the Lord is my shepherd, my flow is respected
Worldwide, from the West I got to rep it
So please check it, cause my style is infected
With the virus, Ice Cube's the Osiris
I bail through, they wanna put me up in Bellevue
Cause my point of view is not red, white and blue
It's black and blue residue
I know what crack can do, to a whole fuckin' avenue
Speak on it and they'll get mad at you
You think I do this bullshit for your gratitude?
I'm a Nigga With a Attitude
I'mma do what I gotta do just to change my latitude
Pimp the system, rollin' with my diamonds glistenin'
And niggas listenin', from your local prison
I'm a prism, your only vision is a rainbow
In the sky when I spit the ism, come on
Take me away from these people
(Take me away)
Take me away from these people
(Take me away)
Take me away from these people
(Take me away)
Take me away from these people

Damn, it feels good to be independent4Embed
What's the definition of a pyroclastic flow?
That's what happens when a volcano blow
That's what happens when Ice Cube starts to flow
Red hot lava mixed with salava
Pulvarising everything in it's wake
Nothing can survive a pyroclastic flow
And no one will survive this oneYou might also likeEmbed
Gangster
Slow that shit down
Yeah
Who wanna ride with this?

We can ride all day everyday
It's do or die all day everyday
It's suicide all day everyday
You'll be high all day everyday

I'm rollin down the avenue, doin what I gotta do
Sick as the swine flu, ain't nuttin fine as you
Must I remind you, what is behind you
Drop it down, to the ground, like you was designed to
You can do it lil' momma, you can do it (you can do it) {*4X*}

We can do it all day everyday
Get into it all day everyday
Drinkin fluid all day everyday
I pursuit it all day everyday, c'mon

You can have it, just reach out and grab it
You can have it, just reach out and grab it
Just be careful don't be a silly rabbit
Recreation use turn into a habit (drop that shit)
You might also likeTo the ground girl take to the ground (drop that shit) {*4X*}

Fuck the feds all day everyday
And chickenheads all day everyday
Get your bread all day everyday
Use your head all day everyday, c'mon
You can do it lil' momma, you can do it (you can do it) {*4X*}

Drop that shit
All day everyday, certified
All day everyday, qualified
All day everyday, West coast warlord
All day everyday, yay yay
The road that I blazed at, nigga from way back
I do's that, I does that, homey what was that {*fades out*}1Embed
Countin money, eatin rats, gettin pussy all day
All I do is lean back, still makin greenbacks


All I do is lean back, still makin greenbacks
Still makin green, still still makin greenbacks
All I do is lean back, still makin greenbacks
Haters get mad cause I'm still makin greenbacks

I'm a fat cat, look at me, stomach like a Volkswagen
Still I can handle my, business got these hoes braggin
Ice Cube put it down (bitch I am the dragon)
I am a fuckin clown (yo look how I'm actin)
They wanna throw me out - but they bet' not touch me
Is this nigga fuckin crazy, or is he just lucky?
Actin like he own the place, y'all niggas best to rendezvous
This nigga ain't no pussy y'all, this kind of cat all he came to do is
 - 2X + 

People wanna know how I make that money
Momma Ice Cube didn't raise no dummy
This fat cat don't chase no mice
Hoodrats think they can live off Ice
Enemies think I'm finicky, nigga be
Walkin 'round here like a Kennedy
Tend to be, movin like a centipede
Y'all muh'fuckers still just Little League
Now I know when the haters get mad, I'm doin my job
Some niggas can't dunk 'til you throw them a lob
Better go find, another one to rob
You just a role player this my squad
You get Lenched, this my Mob
Ain't that I, you a facade
All in the alley, lookin through the trash
I'm a fat cat, lookin through the glass
You might also like - 2X + 1Embed
Will I ever get it right? Get it right? {*2X*}
My momma think I'm outta sight, outta sight {*2X*}
It is what it is, it is, it is {*2X*}
I do this for my kids, my kids, my kids {*2X*}
(Understand me~!)
Now homey do you dig, do you dig, do you dig?
It is what it is, it is, is is
I do this for my kids, my kids, my kids {*2X*}

Now will I ever get it right? Get it right?
Even though I'm out at night, livin life
Girl I'm tryin to make this money, I ain't even playin
Course the game I'm in, it ain't even payin
When I'm on the go, on the go
Everybody wanna know, wanna know
Cube where the fuck you goin, each and every day?
I just turn around, and I say

It is what it is, it is, it is {*2X*}
I do this for my kids, my kids, my kids {*2X*}
Now homey do you dig, do you dig, do you dig?
It is what it is, it is, is is
I do this for my kids, my kids, my kids {*2X*}
You might also like
Even though I'm messin up, messin up (you fuckin up)
Feel the devil catchin up, catchin up
I put it in the Lord's hands, he is the man
Please his demands 'fore he turn me into sand (don't do it)
But got to pay the rent, pay the rent
Without the government, government
I do it for the fuck of it, fuck of it {*2X*}


Got to get my swagger up {*2X*}
Please get yo' swagger up
Got to get my swagger up
Better get my swagger up

Check this out homey
This business right here, is personal
I would go around you, over you, under you or THROUGH you
To make sure none of my family suffer
Do you understand me?!
Embed
 + (Ice Cube)
Nigga just another day, and I like the way
L.A. to the Bay, livin life in California
Dough... we get that dough
Ohhhh... we gotta get mo'
Nigga just another day (just another day)
AK gunplay (AK gunplay)
L.A. to the Bay (L.A. to the Bay)
Livin life in Killafornia

If Jay-Z can rap about, the NYC
Why can't I talk about the shit I see?
Without Alicia Keys, without going R&B
This ain't Motown, this is R-A-P, nigga
(It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood) Yeah
(Niggas cain't stand if his name ain't good)
(All the way from the Bay to L.A., Inglewood) What?
(This is how it is when you're livin in California)
California swagger, fuck record sales
Industry outlaw like Josie Wales
California, off the corner, I'mma warn ya
I'm the only West coast King, Idi Amin
Get you in the ring I'm shady as Don King
I'm takin all the money, befo' the bell ring (ding)
Before I grab the mic, the fat bitch sing (sing)
It's already over, supernova
I'm Kobe, you the nigga, I'm hoopin over
Know me, big homey, the one and only
Ice Cube don't get airplay
Cause I'm from L.A. and rep where I stay
You might also like(It's a beautiful day in the neighborhood) Beautiful
(Niggas get sprayed, AK'd in this hood) Niggas know
(Bitches don't play certain niggas so good)
(It's real in the field when you fuckin with California)

See it's just another day in my neighborhood
First thing off in the mornin and I'm lookin for that good (yeah)
Stickin to my fingertips, sittin on the hill
And I'm overlookin the city, man this shit is for real
Plenty 'gnac in my cup and the 'llac all fizzy bruh
It'll be a long night, that's what we got these bitches for (Jayo)
Yuh, bounce like it's a earthquake, Nitty shake
Let's see how much noise it make the city make
You see it's just another day in my neighborhood
And the police ain't fuckin with me, knock on wood
For my shoes, cause she just blew my socks so good
Double shot, never knew I'd shoot my Glock so good (pow!)
I rock like coke when they hit
And they just cain't do it but they all wanna spit
Put my Padre head on, but see I tried to warn him
Fuck around boy you know it goes down (in California)

Dough... we get that dough (we get it, get it)
Ohhhh... we gotta get mo'
Livin just another day (just another day)
AK gunplay (AK gunplay)
L.A. to the Bay (L.A. to the Bay)
Livin life in Killafornia
{*car bounces on hydraulics for about 12 seconds*}

Ba-block, ba-block, deep in the slums
Here they come come with the new Chucks on
Click-click, ba-block, ba-block, green in my lungs
Straight from Killa Cali got the one one one
With a tall stack in all black
With that Louis trimmin on our golf cap
Known to make 'em all fall back
It's that - Mr. Fuck Everybody I Can't Stand
And bust random
C-Walkin on another anthem
Tryin to teach these new rappers some manners
Chasin niggas out of the mic booth with a camera
Back at it, loc, it's Da Lench Mob animal, deader than a cannibal
Than a can of blow, bust ya head open like cantaloupe
You niggas is pussy pretend to be, we run the vicinity
Walk in the +Circle+ and lose your virginity
Put these khakis on and get out them speedos
And bow down, cause without us, there wouldn't be no
(California)

We get that dough
Ohhhh... we gotta get mo'
Livin just another day, AK gunplay
L.A. to the Bay, Livin life in Killafornia
Yo, we get that dough
Ohhhh... we gotta get mo'1Embed
Many motherfuckers criticize pros and how they play
And many motherfuckers criticize rappers and what they say
Even though they criticize secretly they fantasize
But they know they'll never be paid to play
Yeah I'mma kill one of you young punks
With an old school flow, flow, flow

Though I walk through the shadow of death
I gotta make sure that my shoes and my outfit fresh
You bitches get jealous when you see me coming
Y'all would too if you see my woman
Now y'all know we about to do what we do
This shit right here bout as sick as the flu
Drunk motherfuckers wanna vomit on my shoe
Niggas can't have shit probably 'cause of you
Rappers go to jail like Oprah go to Yale
Steffan Policy don't ask don't tell
Wears my Wallabees as I go get the mail
Half black is the new black can't you tell ?
It was blue black like Wesley Snipes in New Jack
Now you got to have a white mama just to do that
Tiger Woods, he used to be a safe nigga
Go ahead let your daughter have a date with him
He'll make with her probablly in a wife beater
Tiger bout to change his name to cheater
I don't like it when you call me Big Poppa
From South Central and I hate helicopters
If we at school I'll break in your locker
See me with a water bottle, it's probably vodka
Drink responsibly or drink constantly
Be who you wanna be in this economy
Drunk as Sean Connery at the finery
Can't throw me out motherfucker I'm the honoree
Trust me, I'll never be the nominee
I don't kiss enough ass, I'm too ornery
Ice cube be where the piranhas be
Swimming upstream eatin' all kind of meat
West Coast treat it like hyenas
Take what you want from these lying ass cheaters
Eat the fuck out these fake-ass beavers
That's how we act when you don't wanna feed us
Crazy motherfucker ever since I was a fetus
Might as well join us you ain't gon' beat us
Please believe us, you can ask Jesus
I'mma be here 'bout as long as Regis
Understand I never pledge of allegiance
To this ball of confusion, might cause a contusion, boy
I see you're cruising for a bruising
Fucking with a principal that don't like students
Don't you know, detention is a lynching
And if I forget to mention then I'm spending out my pension
No no no no
The reason I hone in
'Cause this right here ain't no country for young men
Sonny you done fucked up the Church's money
I'm Redd Foxx and you that big dummy
This junkyard was an empire
Y'all let it get overran by vampires
Most MCs is goddamn lies
Like them fucking supervisors working up at Kaiser
Bitch, I'm not a Dodger, I'm a Laker, punk
You'se a fucking clipper you can call me Jack The Ripper
Cut you up by your guiser then down by your liver
Rooter to the tooter, gut you like flipper
Dipper, y'all better treat me like the skipper
Hair trigger, for e'ry nigga
E'ry honkey and e'ry critter
I come through and kill every litter
Like that like that like that...
No country for young men
No no no no
It's just a ball of confusion
No country for young men
No no no no
Your world is just an illusion
No country for young men
No no no no
Its a ball of confusion
No country for young men
No no no no
Your world is just an illusion
You might also like4Embed
"Huuuh?"
Yeah, huh, y'all niggas shot me last night
Smoked a nigga for nothing, fuck

Why the fuck you wanna murder me?
Your punk ass never heard of me
I never did nuttin' to your family
Still you wanna kill a young nigga randomly
You wanna take the life God handed to me
Send it back to him cause you ain't a fan of me
Scary bitch with a gun that ain't a man to me
That's a animal, a fuckin' cannibal
I'm Geronimo and Hannibal, with international
Gangster pull, I'm a bull in Barcelona
With a Corona, you's a fake-ass nigga
Where's your owner? I'm a real live man
You a persona, now I'm a goner
Call my momma, and the coroner
Mr. Gun Man, your plan is workin'
Cause niggas is dyin', and mommas is hurtin'

Why you wanna murder me? You never ever heard of me
You don't know who I am, I could be part of your family tree
Now, sent by G-O-D, to save the world, you and me
You never know who you facin', who you chasin', the life you wastin'
You might also like
I was made by the one and only G-O-D
To take my life, to the T-O-P
Now here comes a motherfuckin' D-O-G
Who ain't happy 'til a nigga is R.I.P
Tryin' to be somethin' he saw on BET
Either T.I.P., or B.I.G
I don't give a fuck what you saw on TV
But a one-eight-seven don't make an O.G
I'm an O.G., never had to fake it
God gave me this, how you gon' take it?
What'chu gon' tell 'em, when you get to heaven
And he asks you why did you send back his present?
Who the fuck are you? you motherfuckin peasant!
Even got the nerve to ask the man for a blessing
Send his ass to Hades with his big Mercedes
Nigga hell on earth is bein' stuck in the 80's

Why you wanna murder me? You never ever heard of me
You don't know who I am, I could be part of your family tree
Now, sent by G-O-D, to save the world, you and me
You never know who you facin', who you chasin', the life you wastin'

Before you shoot me man think about it
Let's go have a drink about it (Yeah)
Before you make a stink about it
Man let's talk about it maybe we can walk up out it
But just don't be a coward
And take my life, cause you got the power
Of the white man's gunpowder
Cause you might face a gun tower
And time never run out
They take the fun out, 'til your life run out
So don't pull the gun out
If you ever want a house just like Run's house
It's better than the big house
Let's go find some women we can dig out
Find a place we can pig out
Party all night 'til the owner say get out
Why you wanna murder me? You never ever heard of me
You don't know who I am, I could be part of your family tree
Now, sent by G-O-D, to save the world, you and me
You never know who you facin', who you chasin', the life you wastin'

Dedicated to all the niggas
That's dead and don't know why
Who wanna look at the nigga that shot 'em
And ask these questions
Why me homey, why me?2Embed
I can show you the Palms, Mirage (yeah)
The Taj Mahal to the strip in M-I-A
(I'd like to dedicate this song right here)
I can show the waterfalls from Spain to Prague
(To my beautiful wife Kim)
To the beach in Saint-Tropez
(Who's been down with me since 1989)
I can show you the world, girl; the world, girl
(Through thick n' thin)
But ain't nothing else like L.A
(We done seen the world together)
I can show you the world girl the world girl
(And I'll love you forever)
But ain't nothing else like L.A
Nothing like L.A

When they come to L.A., they got the wrong impression
When they come to L.A., they gotta learn they lesson
When they come to the West Coast, it's such an obsession
When they played out, I'm just an exception
When it comes to you, girl, I need your affection
Every time you walk by, you get my inspection
All you gotta do now is make your selection
And it won't be hard to win this election
You might also like
I can show you the Palms, Mirage
The Taj Mahal to the strip in M-I-A
I can show the waterfalls from Spain to Prague
To the beach in  Saint-Tropez
I can show you the world girl the world girl
But ain't nothing else like L.A
I can show you the world girl the world girl
But ain't nothing else like L.A
Nothing like L.A

I done been around the world, I ain't impressed
I can't wait till we hit L-A-X
Tokyo is cool and yea I feel the UK
But can't nothing can fuck with Californ-i-a
Especially L.A. and I'm feeling The Bay
But nothing like rolling down PCH
Top down West bound it's all good
You don't go Hollywood when you from Hollywood
Let's go to the hood and fuck with the haters
Then to the Staples Center and hang with the Lakers
No. 6 is cool but no. 24 is the champ
And even D. Wade and Chris Bosh know that

I can show you the Palms, Mirage
The Taj Mahal to the strip in M-I-A
I can show the waterfalls from Spain to Prague
To the beach in  Saint-Tropez
I can show you the world girl the world girl
But ain't nothing else like L.A
I can show you the world girl the world girl
But ain't nothing else like L.A
Nothing like L.A
The BET Awards and even the Grammys
They always pick L.A. over Miami
I love Miami, I ain't dissin' Miami
But where would you rather get robbed for your Grammy?
Ain't nothing like Sunset Boulevard
Compton and Watts if you wanna be hard
We got it all, what you thought not at all
If you sicker than shit, then take a Tylenol
It’s just me and my woman versus all of y'all
And we taking a bow for our curtain call
The angels are lost, they don't wanna be found
If God is looking for them, I can show him around
4Embed
Internationally known
You 'bout to smell my cologne
Westcoast motherfucka
Lets toast motherfucka
Old money (x16)

Old money, new money, no money, nose runny
Don't try to turn the Godfather into Sonny
Don't try to turn your forefathers into money
The rap god got the whole world praying for me
Pray for me, third eye see you laying for me
Crazy Toones DJing for me
I'm the real Iron Man, you just Robert Downey
A crackhead in blackface fresh out the county
Nigga

Back the fuck up off me
I burn just like hot coffee
I'm kind of sweet like Toffee
Look what this game done taught me
Look mama, look mama (I'm soul on ice)
Look mama, look mama (I'm soul on ice)
Look mama, look mama (I'm soul on ice)
Look mama, look mama (I'm soul on ice)
Hey
You 'bout to smell my cologne
You 'bout to smell my cologne
You 'bout to smell my cologne
Look, nigga
You 'bout to smell my cologne
Hey
Old money (x16)
You might also like
Candy paint flow ever since "My Adidas"
Ice Cube fans get sugar diabeetus (diabetes)
Sugar Ray Leonard style, nigga, I'm the sweetest
Roll in on some ass just like Jesus
Cool as the fridge and you shaking like jello
Mad 'cause my life is like a marshmallow
Look, motherfucka, if you smell my cologne
Ask yourself why are you all in my zone

Back the fuck up off me
I burn just like hot coffee
I'm kind of sweet like toffee
Look what this game done for me
Look mama, look mama (I'm soul on ice)
Look mama, look mama (I'm soul on ice)
Look mama, look mama (I'm soul on ice)
Look mama, look mama (I'm soul on ice)
Hey
You 'bout to smell my cologne
You 'bout to smell my cologne
You 'bout to smell my cologne
You 'bout to smell my cologne
Oooh ooh oh ooh x4
Yo, what's up my niggas out there
Just letting you know right now, man
You got to, you better, you got to pay your dues
To the Don Mega
Dead on the block and hit y'all ass
With that old Ice Cube super bomb hit
The one that sent your cousin Tony Tone to the penitentiary back in '89
The one that sent Lil Ray Ray out from L.A. to St. Louis
And got off the bus and served them niggas them quarter thangs
Make sure you tune into that nigga Ice Cube
The first one who put you niggas on perms and pimping
And pistols and preachers
Perms and pimping, and pistols and preachers
Perms and pimping, and pistols and preachers
Perms and pimping, and pistols and preachers
Old money (x16)

Damn, it feels good to be independent1Embed
Ice Cube, bomaye! Yeah, bomaye
Ice Cube, bomaye (kill 'em) bomaye
Ice Cube, bomaye.. bomaye
Ice Cube, bomaye (kill 'em) bomaye

Whassup baller? I'm a owner now, you niggas ball for me
And I'll be kickin it, up in my suite
Lookin down, ain't none of y'all fuckin with me
I'm like a bully that you motherfuckers hatin to see
Better whisper my name, like the Wizard of Oz
If you say it three times, a lyrical barrage
This is not a mirage, there's no way to dodge
This career endin, metaphoric collage
I'm swearin to God, it's worse than Jihad
Fuckin with Cube is like "The Book of Eli"
I'm pullin my blade, I'm slicin you bastards
You local motherfuckers, I rap to the masses
You internet bitches, my pen is so vicious
The genie's out the bottle, and grant no wishes
Befo' you attack, you shoulda asked Mack
He would have told you I'm the architect of gangster rap

Ice Cube, bomaye.. bomaye
Ice Cube, bomaye (kill 'em) bomaye
You might also like
You motherfuckers in the D-league, I'm in the G league
I got the most money, I smoke the best weed
I got the best kids, and the best life
With a fine wife, nigga I'm in paradise
Amateurs think it's easy, but you and that
Bitch ain't about to be the next George and Weezy
Just pay to see me, I'm a pro with a show
That's incredible, you better let it go
Better learn how to do the Dougie
'Fore I wrap you in a Snuggie, and push you in the buggy
This is, Ice Cube, know the people love me
On some spiritual shit, like the man above me
C'mon
 - 2X

Bomaye...
(kill 'em!)Embed
Google me bitch
I told her, won'tcha Google me bitch
Ha ha, ah won'tcha
Ah won'tcha Google me bitch, yeah
I told her, won'tcha Google me bitch
Try to Google me bitch, listen

I ain't ghetto, don't you know, I'm urbanian
Fuck with the kid, and I'll turn, into Damien
Google me bitch, wanna know, what my name is
Don't even ask, stupid ass, am I famous

(Are you famous?) My resume is heaven's way
Of tellin y'all that God will make a way
I rock a motherfuckin mic 'til the break of day
Darrell Dawkins flow, y'all need to make a breakaway
Microphone fiend with that guillotine killer team
You motherfuckers won't amount to a hill of beans
When I ride by, well over 35
Y'all still run and hide, scared of a driveby

I ain't ghetto, don't you know, I'm urbanian
Google me bitch, wanna know, what my name is
I ain't ghetto, don't you know, I'm urbanian
Google me bitch, wanna know, if I'm famous
Google me bitch, ah won'tcha
Ah won'tcha Google me bitch, ah won'tcha
Ah won'tcha Google me bitch, I told her
Won'tcha Google me bitch, try to Google me this
You might also like
I'm urban, and ordained
Your little ass is kind of churban, and propane
Your little flame is like a flicker
And my bang, is off the motherfuckin Richter
I'm hard liquor
Cirrohsis of the liver
Black lung is what I deliver
That's what you get, if you ever try to smoke the nigga
Don't provoke a nigga, I'm from that urban community
Lookin for some unity, fuckin you and me
I only bang shit true to me
With iced out jewelry, what can they do to me?
Nothin, I only bang shit true to me
With iced out jewelry, what can they do to me?
Embed
She had to get a pimp she couldn't make it on her own
She had to get a pimp she couldn't make it on her own
She had to get a pimp she couldn't make it on her own
She had to get a pimp she couldn't make it on her own

California Air
Chain all blue like it's running out of air
I keep a bad bitch with a fat derriere
And you know that ho fresher than a new pair
Retro elevens on the pedal!
I'm taking this to the next level
Competition best invest up in a Chevelle
And if you niggas still wanna make a deal with the devil
I can help you meet him, introduce you to my barrel (to my barrel)
All you artists walking 'round wit'cha wack raps (wack raps)
And getting fucked by the game - Kat Stacks (Kat Stacks)
And any nigga thinking he can make it happen
I'll be outside of Staples with the bitches and the Phantom
Mothafucka!

She had to get a pimp she couldn't make it on her own
She had to get a pimp she couldn't make it on her own
She had to get a pimp she couldn't make it on her own
She had to get a pimp she couldn't make it on her own
You might also like
Pull up on them bitches, stepping out on thirty inches
In my L.A. Dodger fitted with some Louie V stitching
Niggas wanna catch me slipping yeah they praying and they wishing
Cause a nigga clocking dough - and I'm fucking all they bitches
(Yo you fucking all they bitches?) Yeah I'm fucking all they bitches
And it's money over bitches and I'm preaching my religion
Cause this game that I'm living 'bout as cold as my wrist is
If you know my pops then you know I'm 'bout the business
Smoke big trees, Christmas
Chain super sick, syphilis
My flow retarded nigga gifted
This game's a bitch, watch me pimp it

She had to get a pimp she couldn't make it on her own
She had to get a pimp she couldn't make it on her own
She had to get a pimp she couldn't make it on her own
She had to get a pimp she couldn't make it on her own

If you don't kick it with me who you gon' kick it with?
Ice Cube is the shit, who you been speaking with?
They been lying to you if they told you different
I got a different cool type of temperament
West Coast style baby on some California shit
They mighta told you that, I was hard on a bitch
You know how it go, some bitches think they slick
Look at me and think they 'bout to get rich
Uh-oh, danger
You are a stranger
Who am I, I am The Lone Ranger
Tonto tell 'em, I'll run yo' fucking ass through the ranger
It goes
She had to get a pimp she couldn't make it on her own
She had to get a pimp she couldn't make it on her own
She had to get a pimp she couldn't make it on her own
She had to get a pimp she couldn't make it on her own

What about me
What about me
What about meEmbed
Yo, we in a fight for our lives
We in a fight for our lives
And the trip thing about it
I don't know if we can win
And what's sad.. I don't think we wanna win

Can you help me? A nigga need a job
I'm desperate, for some corn on the cob
I'm helpless, will I have to steal and rob?
No black business so I got to ask Bob
Bob got a job but it's done by a robot
No lunch break so it can do a whole lot
Mo' than a human being, and it's European
Ran by a Korean-American
So there I am, surrounded by aluminum
It's nowhere you can run
It's nowhere you can be
It's just you and me, versus modern day machinery

It's man vs. machine, baby
My head's in the guillotine, baby
It might take it off clean, baby
Automated dreams equals man vs. machine, baby
You might also like
I'm a fly caught in a web
A fish stuck in the Internet
Don't they know I'm a deadly catch?
Eat this meat, every bite so full of stress
So what can I say to you?
I'm highly relatable and bio-degradable
I thought we was unfadeable
Slaves to machinery, is that the way to go?
I don't need you to fuck
24-7, I gets that computer love
I don't need you to love
Human contact, ain't what it used to was

It's man vs. machine, baby
My head's in the guillotine, baby
And it took it off clean, baby
Automated dreams equals man vs. machine, baby

The whole world is automated
It need to be investigated
When people are eliminated
What we 'posed to do when it's time to feed all the babies?Embed
My ego, is big as Heathrow
Yep, this elite flow, easy as a free throw
Yes this negro, is rather lethal
You about as lethal, as a mojito
Be my amigo, eat my burrito
You a fuckin' seagull, up in Fred Segal
I'm up in a Regal, still in my pea coat
Murder's what she wrote, this is mo' evil
This is less than zero, don't be a hero
Nigga I'm a pharaoh, with double barrels
Goose bumps, hair rose, when I shoot these arrows
At your Camaros, rollin' down Melrose
Still down with ElCos 'til the fuckin cell close
Nigga don't test me, you're gonna fail those
They should arrest me, blow like Dizzy Gillespie
I don't aim where yo' vest be (bang)

I'm too hot, to stop, walkin up with two Glocks
Way more than two shots, that'll make your roof drop
House shoes, blue top, money like I move rocks
Dissin will get you socked, and yo' bitch move wop
Whole crew popped, by this old school new shot
G niggas still keep my weed in a shoebox
Dippin rollin through blocks, dippin while the crew pops
Eatin chicken dinners in my cutoffs and tube socks
Play my shit a lot of deejays they do not
Cause me and bitch niggas don't mix like two cocks
Who knocks with them pocket rockets that'll shoot dots
Have your skull on the news lookin like goulash
When they ask who the top don't mention us as foolish
Eat yo' ass up like a pack of barracudas
Put the barrel to ya, like we never knew ya
Send the metal through ya, Da Lench Mob shooters
You might also like
I know vatos and they get popped most
Niggas that flip mo' chicken than Roscoes
Squattin down the block low, hop in that hot fo'
And I can spot Po's when they not in cop clothes
Squabble with the combos, Maylay got those
Crates or case, box loads like they came from Costco's
They be poppin bottles, we knockin hollows
Promise by tomorrow I can have the spot closed
Talkin pronto, somethin like a lotto
Chips and cheese fuck meat, nigga these nachos
Speakin on guap' though, cause that's a combo
Keep my green on the side like it was cilantro
Comin with the honchos, that's in a stock Rolls
And everythang up out they mouth is like the gospel
It won't stop flow oh I'm not though
Lench Mob, big swanger, don't bang is the motto

Motherfuckers tell me - I'm too West Coast
They act like they scared of me - I'm too West Coast
Motherfuckers tell me - I'm too West Coast
They act like they scared of me - I'm too West Coast
Motherfuckers tell me - I'm too West Coast
They act like they scared of me - I'm too West Coast
Motherfuckers tell me - I'm too West Coast
They act like they scared of me - I'm too West Coast

The Grand Wizard
Ice Cube
(I am the West, Cube!)
(Got another one)
(I be tellin these niggas and bitches on the bottom)
(They need to drink some of this Kool-Aid)
(Drink the Kool-Aid bitch~!)2Embed
This world, so trife
Your money or your life (yeah)
Keep yo' kids, keep yo' wife
Money or your life (give it up)
This world, so trife (so trife)
Your money or your life (West Coast)
Keep yo' kids, keep yo' wife
Money or your life

I got that gangbang mentality, movie after movie
Cain't get it out of me, who wanna battle me?
Mouth is a Uzi, I thumbtack your ass
To the concrete, treat you like a floozy
The pyroclastic flow, that I lay
Will turn this fuckin booth to Pompeii
Now what will I do in broad day?
I turn Broadway, into a hallway
Motherfuckers want to know the herbs and spices
They come to me and want to know what my advice is
I'm spiritual nigga, like Jesus Christ is
And lyrical bitch, I'm 'bout the nicest
Content, longevity, plus I spit shit
That sit on your brain nigga heavily
I can do this shit 'til I'm seventy
On the Vegas Strip, yeah there I'll be
You might also like
This world (this world) so trife (so trife)
Your money or your life
Keep yo' kids, keep yo' wife
Money or your life (give it up)
This world, so trife (so trife)
Your money or your life (you know~!)
Keep yo' kids, keep yo' wife
Money or your life

Now I get that money, make that cheddar
Play a double header, we can do better
You can get wetter, blown out your sweater
So much game need Dick Bavetta
Now Helen Keller, can read this letter
Twenty-third space if you read alphabeta
I'm a go getter, youse a pointsetta
Pointin at me like you got a vendetta
Boy you know better! They used to call me
Cube the Impaler, ask Jerry Heller
You the kind of fella that look for Cinderella
I'm the kind of fella that steal her umbrella
Now this ain't a diss, don't tell Roc-a-Fella
And don't exercise the ghost of Makaveli
But I just got to be the best storyteller
I tuck Slick Rick in with this acapella
Ask Yella
This world, so trife
Your money or your life (grand wizard)
Keep yo' kids, keep yo' wife
Money or your life
This world (this world) so trife (so trife)
Your money or your life (gotta have it)
Keep yo' kids (uhh) keep yo' wife (c'mon!)
Money or your life

OMG, is down with us
Doughboy, is down with us
Dub C, is down with us
Crazy Toones, is down with us
Snoop Dogg, is down with us
Warren G, is down with us
Ice-T, is down with us
Dr. Dre, is down with us
MC Ren, is down with us
Bad Lucc, is down with us
Daz Dillinger is down with us
Young Kurupt is down with us
Maylay, is down with us
Suave House, is down with us
King Tee, is down with us
The Game, is down with us
This world, so trife
Your money or your life

Don't trip, y'all know how I am (I'm a fool)
I'm a fool, y'all know how I am...
Drop it, drop it
Uhh, yeah

Don't trip, y'all know how I am (Don't trip)
I'm a fool, y'all know how I am

Mister Ice Cube, nigga, treat me like the man
If not I come through, slap rock, bam bam
Uncle Sam cain't fuck wit'cha nephew
F-U, y'all better let a vet through

Don't trip, y'all know how I am (Don't trip)
I'm a fool, y'all know how I am

(Oh my goodness!)
OMG make 'em say, "Oh my goodness!"
In L.A. with two fives like L. Goodrich
Black Lambo' keep me on my bullshit
Disrespect the team, I wish you would, bitch
You might also like
Don't trip, y'all know how I am (Don't trip)
I'm a fool, y'all know how I am

They call me Doughboy bitch, you know how I do
I spit it straight from the top like a frisbee on a roof
You can call a nigga dope baller krispy in a Coupe
Every +Friday After Next+ I'm pullin in something new...

Ha ha, yeah, uhhh..
The dirty rubber, play the gutter, fallin' from my lady lover
Three-eighty clutcher, Dub shady than a motherfucker
Turnin a Bacardi up, shoot the whole party up
Catch you at the stop light, what Da Lench Mob like?

Don't trip, y'all know how I am (Don't trip)
I'm a fool, y'all know how I am

Maylay, ugly, get stupid, McNoopid
Came in with Dub C on this Ice Cube shit
L.A. hat, khak's and Air Max
Blast the C-A tat, yeah, we stay strapped
Don't trip, y'all know how I am (Don't trip)
I'm a fool, y'all know how I am

I'm a fool, I'm a trip, I'm a Blood, I'm a Crip
I'mma slide, I'mma dip, I'mma take you on a trip
Where the girls wanna strip if you stick to the script
Act up if you think I'm on some Hollywood shit {*echoes*}

I'm a fool, I'm a fool, y'all know how I am
Don't trip, don't trip, y'all know how I am
I'm a fool, I'm a fool, y'all know how I am
Don't trip, don't trip, y'all know how I am
I'm a fool, y'all know how I amEmbed
Yeah, yo, check it
Turn me up a little bit, on the mic

I flip shit for gangbang niggas
I talk shit for insane niggas
I got a clip for you strange niggas
(Click clack, get back, 'fore you niggas feel that)


Understand, I come from South Central
Motherfuckers don't know what I been through
I keep my motherfuckin heat in my igloo
And it's lookin for some meat it can get through
Fuck with me, there will be agony
In these streets, it will be a tragedy
Can't you see, it ain't no fag in me
If it was I woulda joined the Academy

(Click clack, get back, 'fore you niggas feel that) {*4X*}
You might also like
Get back, y'all better get the fuck back
I never take shit from rappers
I turn them, motherfuckers into cadavers
(Ka-plow!) I'm fuckin mo' niggas than Napster
Cause youse a trick and your ghost writer is Casper
I heard you lost on Fear Factor
Cause you couldn't swallow deez nuts, big as a tractor
You dumb bitch, think I'm an actor
And a nigga couldn't get close enough to slap her
Ice Cube, understand it's real
I'm the nigga of steel, got you _Killin at Will_
Got my nigga a deal, he tried to fuck me and steal
I love the nigga but he now feelin the chill
It's West coast (West coast) East coast (East coast)
South side (South side) worldwide (worldwide)
North side (North side) let's ride (let's ride)
Let's do it 'til God and the devil collide, c'mon!

(Click clack, get back, 'fore you niggas feel that) {*4X*}
 Y'all better get the fuck back
1Embed
Uh-huh, understand this
I don't give a fuck about what y'all talkin about
I ain't tryin to hear none of that shit
Nigga, I'ma do what I wanna do
When I wanna do it, how I wanna do it
And you better hope I don't do it to you
Now, I don't care what momma got to say
I don't care what grandmomma got to say
Nigga I'm grown
Let me tell you a lil' somethin about me

I was born not to give a fuck, wanna drink, get your cup
Turn it up, throw it up, take the world, blow it up
Somebody slow it up, roll it up, smoke it up
My own momma can't keep me from loc'n up
One ear out the other, one man out to smother
The neighborhood, that left me here without my brother
Fuck you undercovers and you dirty motherfuckers
In the hood, that still fuck without rubbers
Club hop, bar hop, car shop, nail shop
To the mall, spend it all, why the hell not
What bills, what rent, don't know what's spent
Why you care, do you work for the government?
You might also like
Fuck it, homie, I'ma laugh now and cry later
Get your paper we can laugh now and cry later
All you players you can laugh now and cry later
Investigators let you laugh now and cry later

See I'm a product of this urban decay
A nigga dyin for tomorrow, but live for today
A nigga lie steal and borrow, and cheating's okay
Don't you tell these motherfuckers that my name is O'Shea
Cause I'ma fuck up my baby's credit, let him regret it
Seven months old he's already got a jail record
I'm the one to blame, put it in my momma name
She's a drama queen, but I got the bling bling
I need the watch and the bracelet and the earrings
I need you all to show up at my hearings
Tell the judge I'm a nice nigga, good nigga
And I'mma play the sad face when he look nigga

Fuck it, homie, I'ma laugh now and cry later
Get your paper we can laugh now and cry later
All you players you can laugh now and cry later
Investigators let you laugh now and cry later
"The number you are calling was lost, and cannot be called back"
"Your last call return service"

It's fucked up, that y'all won't accept my calls
Tell momma, at least she can send some drawers
These walls, make y'all forget about me
I'm comin home, in 2033
But that's irrelevant, did you get the mail I sent
What I tell a bitch, you better stay celibate
She start lyin to me, tell me who she ain't fuckin
Never tell me that my homeboys ain't nothin
Bun in the oven, it belong to my cousin
Got the nerve, to tell me that you really love me
(What?) I'mma kill her ass when a nigga make parole
Hit her with my cane, cause a nigga gray and old

Fuck it, homie, I'ma laugh now and cry later
Get your paper we can laugh now and cry later
All you players you can laugh now and cry later
Investigators let you laugh now and cry later

Man, it ain't right man
Y'know y'all ain't doin me right man
A nigga tryin to do right man
Y'know I'm tryin to change my life man, y'know?
I done found the Lord while I'm in here, y'know?
I I'm tryin to do right now, I mean
Y'know I'm sorry for everythang
That I, I I mean y'know
That's fucked up how y'all doin me man
Y'all niggas could at least send me somethin
Alright, first four guys, let's go... lock it up2Embed
"Thinkin' about what he gon' do now"
"Ri-ride through the hood"
"Keep it low to the ground" "Gangster"
"Ride through the hood"
"Keep it low to the ground"
"Ri-ride through the hood"
"Keep it low to the ground" "Gangster"
"Ride through the hood, ride through the hood"
"Ri-ride through the hood"
"Keep it low to the ground"
"Ri-ride through the hood"
"Keep it low to the ground"
"Ri-ri-ri-ride through the hood"
"Keep it low to the ground" "Gangster"
"Low, low to the, l-l-low to the ground"

You see my lo' lo' (doin' what it 'pose to do)
And that fo' do' (doin' what it 'pose to do)
You know my big watch (doin' what it 'pose to do)
I make the bitches watch (doin' what it 'pose to do)
I see that big ass (doin' what it 'pose to do)
When you walk pass (doin' what it 'pose to do)
You know my shit shine (doin' what it 'pose to do)
I make the bitch mine (doin' what it 'pose to do)
You might also like
Had to come through, shine on you niggas
Stop lyin' on a nigga, got my nine on your liver {​​*click clack*}​​
Fuck around and go blind on a nigga
Do time for a nigga, put your mind on your mirror (POO POW!)
All you niggas that's materialistic
Don't fuck wit'cha boy or become a statistic
Ice Cube is very artistic
But I'm still from the hood, will take your existence
So muhfuckers tryna scratch my paint
It's West coast in the house, what the fuck you thank? (what the fuck you thank?)
Big bank got, spent on my outfit
Cause I'm fly and your ass ain't about shit
I let that bullshit do what it 'pose to do
Go to the club, grab me a ho or two
Understand, God has a chosen few
Fuck around, and I'll put some holes in you

You see my lo' lo' (doin' what it 'pose to do)
And that fo' do' (doin' what it 'pose to do)
You know my big watch (doin' what it 'pose to do)
I make the bitches watch (doin' what it 'pose to do)
I see that big ass (doin' what it 'pose to do)
When you walk pass (doin' what it 'pose to do)
You know my shit shine (doin' what it 'pose to do) {​​bling}​​
I make the bitch mine (doin' what it 'pose to do)
Now e'ry muhfucker in here can picture me rollin'
In that big body wide thang, a nigga controllin'
Y'all jealous of the ass that a nigga be holdin'
Ain't scared of the po' po' and what they patrollin'?
Gotta job muhfucker, I work for myself
I got benefits bitch, dental and health
I do it 24/7, I rob 7-11
If I had to, I take it straight back to heaven
'Witta Attitude', I got the Range blowed out
So if you jack me homey, I never jump out (No!)
I just tickle these switches and pickle these bitches
That's lickin' all on my paint job like liquorish
I know a lotta dances, they call me Jolly Ranchers
Cause I shine like Rudolph, nigga fuck Prancer!
Ice Cube, reflect like chrome (bling!)
When I'm in the hood, I run it like Rome (Yi-YAY!)


Call her ass right there, she got that kush
And I'mma run all through it like Reggie Bush
And I'mma hit that bush like George Bush
In the middle of the night like a crook
Don't fuck with her, her ass is average
Only fuck with the ones with the whole package
Who gives a fuck if yo' ass look good
If yo' ass can't cook good, that's on the hood (that's on the hood)
Fine bitches, you shit out of luck
Cause I'm prolly gon' eat more than I fuck (more than I fuck)
You got do it all, not just in the mall
Cook and cleaning, love a nigga's shitty drawers
Naw, I'll keep you flossin' up at Ready Tellers
The kinda shit that make them other bitches jealous
Pull up, jump out, I'm like new money
And watch the bees in the house come and get the honey

"Ri-ride through the hood"
"Keep it low to the ground" (Cube: Yeah)
"Ride through the hood"
"Keep it low to the ground" (Cube: Show out)
"Ri-ride through the hood"
"Keep it low to the ground" (Cube: Show out)
"Ride through the hood, ride through the hood" (Cube: Nigga, I'mma show out)
"Ri-ride through the hood"
"Keep it low to the ground" (Cube: Show out)
"Ri-ride through the hood"
"Keep it low to the ground" (Cube: Show out)
"Ri-ri-ri-ride through the hood"
"Keep it low to the ground" (Cube: Show out nigga, show out)"Low, low
To the, l-l-low to the ground" (Cube: Show out)1Embed
Yay-YAY! Cali-forn-yi-aye
Sunday afternoon baby, pull it out
Whip it out, pull it out, drive it out, drop it out
You know! Let 'em know

I got chrome and paint
Nigga what you thank, I got chrome and paint
Bitch what you drank, I got chrome and paint
Smokin that dank in my chrome and paint
Street lights - dance on paint
Street lights - dance on chrome
Street lights - get a nigga home
You can die in these streets all alone

I am the wrong nigga, too fuckin grown nigga
To go for that nigga, I ain't 'cha ho nigga
I got, a hair trigger, I am the dome splitter
The deep-sea sniper, you got the wrong niggas
Retire like Jigga, here comes the Attila the Hun
Killin niggas for fun, these rappers is done
The bigger they come, the harder they fall
I burn like the sun, continue to ball
He's got nuts and plus the Don touch
And split the fine dutch, Starsky call Hutch
He's laid, with some sluts, up in some guts
Just back, in the cut, he thinks he's King Tut
Can't fuck, this nigga up, cause just, the nigga luck
That niggas, really love him and tear the city up
Uhh, even though I'm fuckin with the po'-po'
Them nigga know how I act in the low-low
You might also like
I got chrome and paint
Nigga what you thank, I got chrome and paint
Bitch what you drank, I got chrome and paint
Smokin that dank in my chrome and paint
Street lights - dance on paint
Street lights - dance on chrome
Street lights - get a nigga home
You can die in these streets all alone

I'm ghetto like grits, die befo' I snitch
Off my ass khakis sag like cellulite tits bitch
Under the suede, headliner and I ain't yo momma
Play with my dollars on yo' ass they'll be layin flowers
I put a hole in your brain with these hollow hot rocks
Hittin the switch, makin the fo' hopscotch
Rollin up imperial in dickie material
All in your periphreal, throwin shells at your vehicle
Clipped up, pimped up, big chipped up
Stacy Adams tips spiffed up, golf hat flipped up
I blow yo' ass off the map, fuck with Dub
I'll have yo' ass rollin home with windshield glass on your lap
Fuck rap, I'm wearin a creased tee, eatin ribs
Laughin at you niggas on MTV Cribs
I got the chrome thang thang to make the dome stank
Hood life forever bitch, chrome and paint, c'mon

Street lights (woop woop) {*2X*}
Even though I'm fuckin with the po'-po'
Them nigga know how I act in the low-low
Slow mo', nigga check out my promo
You mo'fo's can't fuck with my mojo


Street lights {*echoes*}1Embed
Buucker, I'll beat yo' bad-ass
 2x
Ain't no other kings in this rap thing
They siblings
Nuthin but my chil'ren
One shot they disappearin'

Bitch niggas
Still wanna check my urine
Still can't believe
What you see and what you're hearin'
You motherfuckers
Thought you knew the whole story
Until your mama
Took a nigga on maury
Read your test results
Are you the father
I looked at his bitch ass told him don't bother
I'm the father of this gangsta shit
Never thought that I have a bunch of bastard kids
Lil' bad-ass kids
I whoop they ass every night
Send the paramedics bitch
And the black and white
I brought you in this world
I'll take you out
Do you ugly
So mamma can't make you out
You know my style a colt
File a report
I'm a dead-beat daddy
No child support
You get fooled like the last trick
Get it out your ass bitch
You niggas know my pyroclastic flow
C'mon!
You might also like
 4x
You want child support
Get it out your ass bitch

Ya'll niggas know
Ya'll bitches know
Where you get it from
Who's the original
You got your daddy's mouth
Talk like a criminal
Keep it gangsta son
Never get pigeon holed
Rap bastards tryin' to make a classic
Keep your dumb-ass out of the casket
Cause intercope'll spend your money
They don't give a fuck
About a dead rapper
Nigga they'll chop it up
Keep it movin' y'all
They'll come mop it up
Corrupt LAPD cover up
Everyday nigga we know drama
They ain't lookin' for Osama
Ask Biggie's mamma
Thank God that the gangsta's back
We ain't got to put up with this brainless rap
May your lungs collapse n' m.c's are funny
All you can rap about is pussy and money
C'mon!


All y'all rappers should kiss and make up
Take your bullshit jewlry back to Jacob
Get your mind right nigga
And start to wake up
Cause the whole rap industry needs to shake up
You got million dollar niggas killin' million dollar niggas
Bustin' outta Bentleys
Wearin' chinchillasss
There you go again rollin' in your limo
Comin' from the Grammy's shootin' out the window
I know the scripture
But there's something wrong with this picture
What you mad about
Diamonds all in your mouth
No car, no niggas house paid off
I never heard of a rapper gettin' laid off
Boy, you a fool
Or you just act crazy
Or you a grown crack baby born in the 80's
To all you motherfuckers say I went Hollywood
I'm a gangsta
I know when I got it good


 2x
Young rappers lookin' for pocket change
With boo-boo lyrics
Go get your diaper changed

Smell like shit
Heyy baby change this motherfucker
You smell like shit2Embed
Wait a minute, hold on, get your ass up
Whassup nigga?
Get over there... shit
Ya lil punk ass nigga
C'mere, c'mere, c'mere boy
God damnit you stop that shit now
Take him to jail and get him the hell from in front of this house
Now wait a minute, wait a minute, hey man
Whassup?
Wait a minute?
There are police, go!

Give me that beat, fool, it's a full time jack move
Chilly Chill, yo homie make the track move
And I'll jack any Tom, Dick and Hank
That's the name of the suckers I done ganked
I get away from a copper
Drop a dime, I'll break you off somethin' proper
With the L-E-N-C-H-M-O-B
T-Bone and that's J-Dee
And here's how we'll greet ya
Stop fool, come off that beat ya
Feel dumb cause you're caught in the dark
(Ya lil' nuttin' ass mark)
Raise up, cause you can't' have it back
You said - "I ain't never got gaffled like that"
Off the end of the gat you choke
Short Dog's in the house - "Whattup loc?"
Nuttin' but a come up
Gimme that bass, and don't try to run up
'Cause you'll get banked somethin' sweet
Ice Cube and Da Lench Mob, is jackin' for beats
You might also like
Huh, and even if you're down with my crew
*Yo Chuck man, I don't understand this man
You got to slow down*
I jack them too
And then we'll freak it
Kick that bass, and look what we did
Fade the grade, played, and made a few mil'
And I keep stealin'
Ice Cube'll make it thump
But right about now - *let's get over the hump*
But I don't party and shake my butt
I leave that to the brothers with the funny haircuts
And it'll drive you nuts
Steal your beat, and give it that gangsta touch
Like jackin' and mackin'
Say hi to the three fifty-seven I'm packin'
And it sounds so sweet
Ice Cube and Da Lench Mob, is jackin' for beats

Ice Cube, I take a funky beat and reshape it
Locate a dope break, and then I break it
And give it that gangsta lean
Dead in your face as I turn up the bass
I make punk suckers run and duck because
I don't try to hide 'cause you know that I love to
Jack a fool for his beat and then I'm outtie
So when I come to your town don't crowd me
'Cause I know, you're gonna wanna kick it with me
But I know, none of y'all can get with me
So you think you're protected
Well you are 'til you put a funky beat on a record
Then I have to show and prove and use your groove
'Cause suckers can't fade the Cube
And if I jack ya and ya keep comin'
I have you marks a hundred miles and runnin'
*stop stop stop stop stop!
Sa-prize, niggas*3Embed
I knew you niggas would be back
See, see, you need to fuck with me y'nahmean
Yeah, you need to holla at your boy man, holla
Stop fuckin' with them punk-niggas man with that shit
That's what you get, that shit stepped on nigga, that's what you get
I got that raw, I got that, ungh

Twenty-fo' seven, holla at your boy
What you need baby, c'mon with it, holla at your boy
I got it all day, in the hallway, holla at your boy
Sick of that blow up, holla at your boy

That's what you get for fuckin' with them niggas
Come and see me for that real O.G
He a O-Z, I'm a whole ki'
Dope as a motherfucker, son a whole seed
Bitches fiend for it, then they lean for it
It ain't cocaine, but they wanna still blow it
What you need, what you need
Hoes offer me the pink slip and the deed (yes indeed)
Treat it just like weed, hit the right end then pass it to her friend
I'm a hustler, you a customer
Them other niggas you like, straight fuckin' ya
Some of 'em lyin (yup) most of 'em trickin
Others are dyin, some of 'em victims
When you come from South Central L.A
That shit is like dirt weed, a nigga got a headache (holla)
You might also like
If you want it raw now, make the call now
Look me up nigga, holla at your boy
Fiendin for that good shit, take a look bitch
What you need baby, holla at your boy
I got it all day, in the hallway
On Broadway, holla at your boy
Sick of that blow up, gettin' stepped on
Nigga come on home, holla at your boy

"Ice Cube", back then they used to fuck me
Now that I'm hot these bitches still love me
Why, cause I'm far from ugly
Everywhere I go they wanna kiss and hug me
They say, dopeman, dopeman
I got your money don't turn into Conan
Don't wanna see the g-hand, bitch
I am the man from here to Cleveland
Don't get mad, I get e-van
Try to shake the van, think you're sleep-an
Oh my God this nigga's leak-in
Somebody best to call the deacon, uh-huh
Any dose is a overdose
Leave your punk-ass dead or a comatose
And if you don't wanna listen
My shit'll crack you out like Tyrone Bigguns

Holla, yeah
But don't two-way a nigga
Bitch that ain't nothin' but a transcript
Dumb bitch, I'll holla
Don't two-way a nigga man, I'll holla
Damn


20 years I've been servin you fiends for 20 years
Why would you fuck with anybody else, huh
That's why you're fucked up right now, ain't it
You need to get at me, you know I got it, and I know you want it
Holla at your boy

C'mon Cube let me rap on here
I'm, I'm just tryin to sack somethin' up1Embed
Ha ha
That's my shit
Turn it up {*echoes*}
Uhh
Yeah

I hear a beat like this, and think about growin up
House parties, with gangbangers showin up
Represent your hood, everybody throw it up
They say Cube get on the mic, nigga blow it up
I used to be lyrical, political
But now you want it sugarcoated like cereal
First I met Dre, then I met Yella (yessir)
Dr. Dre made me rap acapella
Me and Jinx did a show at Dooto's
With K-Dee, I think it was two shows
Then Dre introduced me to E
Cruisin down the street in his red Jeep
He said, yo niggas we should flip it like this
Cause them Boyz N the Hood like the gangsta shit
I put the pen to the pad, young nigga was raw
And told the world how we felt about the law
It was real
You might also like
I see the happiness (All day every day)
I see the pain
Where am I (Growin' up in the hood)
Back down memory lane
I see the happiness (All day every day) (Yea, ha ha ha)
I see the pain (Oh shit)
Where am I (Growin' up in the hood)
Back down memory lane

Oh shit, it's N.W.A.!
Them niggas on tour and they comin our way
Lil' Eminem is still tucked away
In that trailer park, just bumpin our tape
Jerry Heller tried to make his escape
I had to bounce, while other niggas got raped
Same niggas turned around and said fuck me
No FUCK YOU cause I'm down with Chuck D
And I'm 'bout to do a movie up, a classic
When I hit the screen, nigga it was magic
Never thought I'd see Eazy in a casket (Damn)
Thanks for everythang, that's on everythang
I learned a lot of game from you (Uh huh)
I like your son, he got his name from you
I tell him everythang that he need to know
If he ask my advice, I won't think twice, homey
I see the happiness (All day every day)
I see the pain
Where am I (Growin' up in the hood)
Back down memory lane
I see the happiness (All day every day) (Yea)
I see the pain (Hah)
Where am I (Growin' up in the hood)
Back down memory lane

From Boyz N The Hood, to XXX 2
Everybody wanna know my next move
Fans all around say "We love you Cube!"
I wanna take time to say I love you too
I love all my fans cause they know I'm a man
And not a little boy or some fuckin play toy
A lot of niggas say I grew up on you
And let me know if anybody fuck wit'chu
Cause you talk a lot of shit about the red, black & blue
And how they treat a nigga called Katrina, did you see her
White folks worry 'bout them fuckin misdemeanor
While black people dyin in that God damn arena
Just because I'm actin nigga never stop rappin
It's in my blood homey, I'mma keep the party crackin
Money keep stackin 'til they put me in a casket
Who you think you fuckin wit? Here's another classic
I see the happiness (All day every day)
I see the pain (Yea, you know)
Where am I (Growin' up in the hood)
Back down memory lane
I see the happiness (All day every day) (Uh huh)
I see the pain (Growin' up)
Where am I (Growin' up in the hood)
Back down memory lane

I'm Ruthless, I'm Ruthless..
Street Knowledge..
Lench Mob..
Westside..
Uh..

I see the happiness (All day every day)
I see the pain
Where am I (Growin' up in the hood)
Back down memory lane

Love that shit2Embed
Yeah, Steal The Show baby

I'mma have to ride the ride the ride
Til' I find a girl to slip inside
Ice Cube ain't never been shot
Ain't never got got, up in the parking lot
Nigga, Scott Storch will bang the instrumental
South Central here comes the presidential
Pull up jump out the low-rider
A real lyricist nigga fuck a ghostwriter
Dance baby I'm your provider
Yous a fly girl bitch I'm a spider
I'm on that ass like please leave me alone
A few drinks you like please follow me home
I just hope you ain't 5150
That's a crazy ho even though she pretty
Ice Cube only one El Loco
With the vocals, put your ass in a choke-hold
Stone cold oh yeah fuck the Broncos
Raider down, everybody better lay it down
Think I'm P.G. you must got a squeegee
Are you crazy, down since Eazy

Here, shoulders, knees and toes
Work that pussy across the flo'
Shake that body, Steal The Show
Ice Cube bitch I'm about to blow (Lets go)
You might also like
I'm about to do it like this here
Walk over spit game in this bitch ear
Let her know my name and I got it right here
Girl you know the game can I get a volunteer
I'm about to do it like this here
Walk over spit game in this bitch ear
Let her know my name and I got it right here
Plus a pound of weed do I got a volunteer

Goin' once goin' twice
A nigga nice when I turn off the lights
Tell your friends yo fuck they advice
Cause some time them hoes act like dykes
Cock blockers, pull out your mouth piece
Game over, we up in the range rover
Wake up in the morning with a hangover
Roll over do the whole damn thang over
I'm a roller, took her ass back where I drove her
And we still ain't sober, motherfucker it still ain't ova
Its the super nova, niggas been doin' over
Ice Cube been rappin' since 84'
About the cocaine streets and the po'-po'
Introduce you to my 6-4 low-low
Yeah the one the just pulled out the mo-mo
Here, shoulders, knees and toes
Work that pussy across the flo'
Shake that body, Steal The Show
Ice Cube bitch I'm about to blow (Lets go)

I'm about to do it like this here
Walk over spit game in this bitch ear
Let her know my name and I got it right here
Girl you know the game can I get a volunteer

Punks show up to get beat down
Daddy home motherfucker put your feet down
Better jump up y'all better clean up
Cause I might done pull out this Nina
Put your cups up boy if you fucked up
And you got the baddest bitch up in the club
Put your cups up even if she ugly
And it look like the bitch play rugby
We could take me anywhere where the thugs be
When they see me motherfuckers wanna hug me
It's all love Cuz, it's all love Blood
It's all love when them niggas throwin' up the dub
Its all love with the brown and they yellow man
Cause a nigga got money like the jello man
Mo money, yo money, ho money
Mama didn't raise no dummy learn from me
Cause I could flip shit fast as Bisquick
Mr. Butterworth take it for what its worth
I got them low lows flat like pancakes
Sippin' on syzzurp Fuck what ya hizzerd
Here, shoulders, knees and toes
Work that pussy across the flo'
Shake that body, Steal The Show
Ice Cube bitch I'm about to blow (come on)

I'm about to do it like this here
Walk over spit game in this bitch ear
Let her know my name and I got it right here
Girl you know the game can I get a volunteer

Steal the show baby
Steal the show baby

You know a lot of these bitches need an antibiotic
Moxacillin, Penicillin, something with a slin' in it
They want a sugar daddy, they want a man on a fixed income
They want man where they can come over to the old mans house
And go in the back porch and get $30 or $40 every here and there
And get in they Hyundai and ride on off1Embed
I'm spittin' pollaseeds
I'm spittin' pollaseeds
I'm spittin' pollaseeds
I'm spittin' pollaseeds
I'm spittin' pollaseeds
These niggas is too salty
I'm spittin' pollaseeds
Crack 'em one by one
You niggas got me fucked up

Fuck a ghostwriter, sittin' in the back
Of the studio tryin' to write a nigga rap
It's the muppet show, most niggas need A&R
To tell 'em how to fuck a ho
Ice Cube, true emcee
Write everything I say, even back in the day
I'mma spit it how I feel it, fuck a gimmick
You can keep your catchy lines, I'm bout to write a rhyme
If you got a backpack tryin' to act black
Think you know the culture? You's a fuckin' vulture
You never approached a mic
You're dressed like a dyke sayin' what ya don't like
Who deserve 5 Mics, who deserve 2
But the nigga with 2 still can serve you
This West Coast flow is different than the East
But it ain't no different in the street
You might also like
I'm spittin' pollaseeds (I'm spittin' pollaseeds)
I crack 'em one by one cause I don't wanna be greedy
Cause the salt might make you choke
(I'm spittin' pollaseeds) I'm spittin' pollaseeds
I crack 'em one by one cause I don't wanna be greedy
Because these niggas is salty they'll make you choke
Oh oh, you niggas got me fucked up

I'm spittin' pollaseeds on the porch with the torch
In case these niggas come around to see the Porsche
When I brandish, motherfuckers vanish
They don't understand like a nigga speakin' Spanish
No comprende, me no speak no Engle
Here (*slap*) now yo' ass feelin' tingly
Now you're doin' shit like Darryl Stingley
Don't get stung by the motherfuckin' stingray
Jumpin' over niggas, y'all better king me
Put your rap careers up on eBay
Crazy Toones is the motherfuckin' DJ
Baby drop to your knees, he deserves a BJ
I got a big brother nicknamed CJ
When you see him in the hood take it easy
If you a breezy, take him to the heezy
Do him like Halle Berry did Michael Ealy
I'm spittin' pollaseeds (I'm spittin' pollaseeds)
I crack 'em one by one cause I don't wanna be greedy
Cause the salt might make you choke
I'm spittin' pollaseeds (I'm spittin' pollaseeds)
I crack 'em one by one, cause I don't wanna be greedy
Because these niggas is salty they'll make you choke
Oh oh (I'm spittin' pollaseeds)

Quick to twist ya, hit ya, it's the chipper
Pistol gripper, skip-skipper runnin' up in your rear-view mirror
Ready to bust with my bandanna, bumpin' oldies
Cube throw me the lob like Odom to Kobe
So I could bust a Crip Walk on these niggas
Yellow tape off these niggas, fuck all these salty niggas
They can't hold our shit
Gangsta rap ain't dead, motherfuckers just stole our shit
All you niggas owe us alimony
All you did was switch your name and ate our style up like ravioli
On your club raps I'm pissin', talk shit I'll knock your Kool Mo Dee glasses
Off your face under the transmission, nigga
From the Westside fuckin' up the program
With the surplus hanky hangin' out the Brougham
Dub Sizzla, dippin' on them 'draulics and D's
Spittin' shells at you niggas like pollaseeds
I'm spittin' pollaseeds
I crack 'em one by one cause I don't wanna be greedy
Cause the salt might make you choke
I'm spittin' pollaseeds
I crack 'em one by one, cause I don't wanna be greedy
Because these niggas is salty they'll make you choke, oh oh1Embed
Ice Cube (yeah!) Callin from a California state penitentiary
(Let me out this motherfucker)
We got over two million motherfuckers locked up
(Let me out this motherfucker) Stop snitchin
Now how many MC's must get booed
Before somebody say don't fuck with Cube (you know!)
I'll strip you nude (butt-ass) in your living room
Face down, paralyzed from the waist down
I'm a buckin clown, but don't fuck around
Doin movies now, but I'll lay you down
South Central style, pull them thangs out
Don't make a millionare have to send you there
You know the story of the tortoise nigga and the hare
Nigga run nigga run never get there
I'mma walk, fuck a bitch when I get there
Nigga this a marathon, ask Farrakhan
Fuck the cemetery that I'm buried on (fuck 'em)
The blood of Ice Cube got to carry on (forever)
Forever what the fuck are they yellin?
"Gangsta Gangsta," nigga stop tellin - stop snitchin

You can have whatever you want
In the hood, it's do's and don'ts
So when it get hot in this kitchen
Stop snitchin, nigga stop snitchin
You might also like
Microphone master, super rhyme maker
Gun blaster, who's the life taker (who?)
Who the fuck is a lifetime Laker?
I slap the Maybeline off Tammy Faye Bakker
Who the fuck got more than an acre?
In Los Angeles I got to have paper
I'm a nigga, don't talk to my neighbors
Straight asshole, always up in Vegas (yay yay)
Lay it out for these niggas to follow
Get the point, but these points is hollow
Now this here, is hard to swallow
But if you do it's like hittin the lotto
Little nigga with big bravado
Hit the throttle niggas hit the bottle
Can give a fuck if they life is hollow
Where the fuck was you, when I rocked the Apollo, bitch?
Ay, who put this thing together? Me, that's who
Who I trust? Who I trust? ME, THAT'S WHO!
Nigga nigga nigga, can't you see
Somehow your words incarcerate me
Float like a butterfly, sting like a bee
Lock me up in my prime, Muhammad Ali
Get out whup yo' ass like Muhammad Ali
Rumble in the Jungle, nigga don't play Dumbo
In the hood nigga known as Columbo
Get the people on the phone, tell the jumble
Spit fluid and swear he didn't do it
Got my bottom bitch locked up with Martha Stewart
She say she had the ho cookin deep dish
She say Martha fuckin cook fish and eat fish
Westside y'all niggas got to peep this
That's your weakness, can't keep a secret
Don't say shit, boy that's basic
They want to send a nigga back to the slave ship
Stop snitchin

You can have whatever you choose
But out here, it's don'ts and do's
So after we finish this mission
Stop snitchin, nigga stop snitchin
 Okay, okay

One two, in the place to be
You rockin with Ice Cube, and the homey Swizz Beatz
{Keep your fuckin mouth shut man}1Embed
I love chrome and paint, lookin for some motherfuckin corners to bank
West coast what the fuck you thank?
Everybody here off weed and drank (everybody)
Before you check my rims
When you leave the parking lot, check ya limbs
You better check your friends
And see if your baby momma left with them
Blacks and Mexicans, stop all that bullshit in the pen
Understand that it's us verses them
They can give a fuck if we sink or swim
They give us guns and drugs
Then wonder why in the fuck we thugs
I got to show my ass
To thank these motherfuckas for my past
In South Central, Los Angeles Grandmama smoke cannabis
Granddaughter wanna dance and shit
Her own momma can't stand the bitch
 - repeat 2X
If you fuckin' up, pray to the game lord
Wanna bust a nut, Pray to the game lord
Nigga get ya cup, pray to the game lord
You can throw it up, pray to the game lord

I love where I from, hungry ass niggas better get you some
Smart ass niggas play dumb
Y'all can't fuck with the city I run
If I snap my fingers, better curl up just like a fetus
I hope you know Jesus
Because if you don't, boy you will see us
(Where?) Up in your house, two double barrels up in your mouth
You got some 'splainin to do
And don't get to lyin' cause we aiming at you
(Ooohh!) It's a doggy dog world baby, you a nut and I'mma squirrel baby
Can I get ya in my world baby?
Can ya grease my Jheri curl baby
Did you flip yo' wig
To let Michael Jackson baby sit yo' kids
That nigga old as hell
They need to throw the motherfuckin' momma in jail, let 'em know
You might also like - repeat 2X
 - repeat 2X
Fuck wit this if you want to, the game lord will punish you
Punish us if we ain't true, to the game like we 'pose to

I'm the game lord, y'all come now
Casanova niggas, got the sun down
Run down every ho that wanna go shoppin'
Get they kids, take them to the mall buy 'em somethin'
Are you a gentleman, big bear with a nigga named Gentle Ben
Ladies, he'll be your friend
Wait for the cable guy - even let him in
Not me, I won't flex or bend just cause a ho promise me some trim
You better get with the rest of them
Cause can't none of y'all even fuck with Kim
Some niggas was born with ho in 'em
I was put on this Earth to spit ism
And I shall return like it's written
And slay all the suckers who be sippin
 - repeat 2X1Embed
Give me a black goddess, sister, I can't resist her. No stringy haired, blonde hair, blue eyed, pale skinned buttermilk complexion. Grafted, recessive, depressive, ironing board backside, straight up and straight down. No frills, no thrills, Miss six o'clock, subject to have the itch, mutanoid, caucazoid, white cave bitch...

Ease back white bitch, I don't play that!
Just because I got on my L.A. hat
"Stalkin', walkin' in my big black boots"
Is my jingle, now you want Mandingo
Big, black and handsome
I should hold your devil ass for ransome
Sorta like Patty Hearst, but I'll burst first, bitch!
And you know what's worse?
I'm coming from the land where the choppers roam
So fuck you, bitch, and your Coppertone
Stringy hair, no derrier, frontin' and fakin' with your silicone pair
Do I wanna fuck? Not hardly
That's kinda like Barbie fuckin' Bob Marley
It ain't gonna happen, I keep rappin'
Motherfuck Tennille, but see, I'm the Captain of this ship
And I'm true to the game
Y'all all look the same
Standin' by my backstage door, hopin' I will switch
Spread out, you little cave bitch!

Why every time we get famous
You wanna play us like Andy and Amos?
The devil sent you to try and tame us
But you can't tame me, with no bitch named Amy
Lookin' for the dark meat
But ho, I ain't tryin' to go out like Barkley
'Cause every time I turn on the TV
I see several brothers with she-devils
Smilin' 'cause you out on a date
But sooner or later, the bitch'll yell "Rape!"
Soon as daddy found out you a jigaboo
He'll kill like he did Emmitt Till
Yeah, he tried to kick bass
But the bitch probably threw it in his face
Southern Belle ain't nothin' but a trick
Nasty as hell, stanky little cave bitch!
You might also like
Brian G, break it down!
"White bitches have no butt and no chest"
"White bitches have no butt and no chest" (Uh)
"White bitches have no butt and no chest"
"White bitches have no butt and no chest"

Now, don't think that I hate you
'Cause I won't date you, bitch, I gotta stay true
You can be a fan, but don't expand
And try to get my dick in your hand!
You better run to the minute man
Pale as snow, so act like y'know
'Cause if I slap it, flip it, and rub it like that
Yeah, it gotta be black; plus, yo ass too flat!
I need a butt big enough that can clap
Rat-a-tat-tat! You can't get mine, hoe
I'd rather fuck an albino
At least I know, she's comin' from the Nubian
And not the Ku Klux Klan that you be in
And I don't give a fuck if your family is rich
You're still a little cave bitch!1Embed
Look at that lil' ass Westside doped out
Insane-in-the-brain little nigga servin caine
Used to have to ask could he cross the street
Now he's rollin' in a Gee, the Gee is on E
He's quick to hit you up with the two fingers spreaded (Wassup?)
He’ll roll that shit (Wassup?) and hold that shit (Wassup?)
Now you know what fuckin set he's claimin
A wild little nigga and it ain't no tamin
And just when you think everything is calm
That motherfucker is the first to bomb
Like bang, ping, catch you with the sleeper
He'll draw down and then check his beeper
He's clockin them chicks and bucks
Gettin, his little dick sucked by the, clucks
And will he do dirt? Fool oh please
Little locs are harder then the OGz
You fall to the ground and then bleed
Just got served by little niggas on the 10-speed
12 years old, got bumps and can't pee
A straight killer, a fool, a lil' ass gee

God damn, it's a trip
Used to have the G.I. Joe with the kung-fu grip
Now he's straight Crip, or Blood
Now ya sag, you use to flood
Now ya known as the Baby Droopy
Goin' to camp and it ain't Camp Snoopy (Wassup?)
But I ain't surprised
It's 12 months later, year, I see you got a little size
You motherfuckin crook
You want respect cos you didn't get'cha manhood took
Drinkin that 'yac like it's no tomorr-y
Westside hustler fuck Atari
In the jail and it ain't no thang
Can't wait til you get 22's on the hang (Uhh)
A underage boy that's smokin' Thai
And that's ya idea of junior high
All you want for Christmas is guns and triggers
Little nigga nuttier than a Snicker
You don't wanna be like Mike, you wanna be like me
A fool, a killer, a lil' ass gee
You might also likeInterlude: (*two sampled guys talking*)

See, I knew it wouldn't be long
They got your ass stretched like Stretch Armstrong
In the one-man cell, it got'cha thinkin'
Sendin' more kites than Benjamin Franklin
20 years old but ya still a veteran
Won't touch down til we're livin' like the Jetsons
Proud of ya self, because ya done done it
Gotcha 22's and your name on your stomach
Never even think about a woman to fuck
Rather stand in line to bust the ass of a young buck
Got stuck, now you're bleedin'
Hospital ward has got you reading
Learn about the knowledge of self ya see
Got ya mad enough to go and stick the deputy
See, it ain't about bein hard
But that's whatcha tell the little homies in the yard
Ya already done did 10
And wish you could start all over again
Brand new inmates and who do ya see
Your baby brother in shackles, a fool, a lil' ass gee
A fool, a lil' ass gee
Yo this go out to the little hardhead homies who probably gon' see more, ahh, assholes than pussyholes when they get you in that system2Embed
Every January 16th, it's "The Dreamer, The Dreamer."
And all of you say, "I have a dream; The Dreamer."
And what did he dream?It stuck him right there
And little black boys, and little white girls
Will one day hold hands together
Shit
Is that where it's at?Is that where it's at now?
Them little blacks hands are yours
You can't hold the black brothers' hands?
But you gonna grow old holdin' crackers' hands
Before you hold each other's hands?
You gonna walk with your enemy
Before you learn to walk with one another?
How sick can you be?
(Enemy)

Where you gonna go when the brothers wanna bust a shot
Where you gonna go when I wanna kill bloodclot
Supercat said that the ghetto red hot
Bust a gloc, bust a gloc, devils get shot
Nappy-headed, no-dreded look where ya read it
Buck the devil, buck the devil, look who said it
Listen what I say after 1995 not one death will be alive
God will survive, him protect the civilized
Who really cares if the enemy lives or dies?
Not me, not me
Me never eat from the tree with the apple
I'd rather have a Snapple
Do you know where you're going to
Do you know where you're runnin from
Scared of the sun
I live in the sun
You shrivel up like a raisin
And burn like the blunt that I'm blazin
Ku Klux Klan scared of my nutty beats
Cause them nutty beats equal bloody sheets
Out number you somethin like 15 to 3
See, don't love your enemy
You might also like
Enemies, enemy runnin from the G
Enemies, enemy, you're my enemy
Enemies, enemy, when will I see?
Enemies, enemy R.I.P

Where you gonna run when God wanna do ya?
J. Edgar Hoover, I wish I woulda knew ya
With the boom ping ping is the ring from the fire
Me not afraid, cause me know Elijah
Goin to the East but straight from the Westside
Swing down sweet chariot and let me ride
Through the fire, through the fire that will please us
I know that Farrakhan is your baby Jesus
Devil don't you know I'm a soldier?
In God's name and the baby claim I'm gonna hold ya
Like Folger's Crystals feds
I'mma pick your ass like Juan Valdez
You don't care if me die from the cracka
You don't care if me have a heart attacka
You don't care if me get car jacka
You don't care cause you're nothing but a cracka
Now it's Judgement Day, and Allah'll never play
"freedom got an AK," them Guerilla say
Bobby Seale said, "please make it rough, bro"
When God give the word, me herd like the buffalo
Through your neighborhood, watch me blast
Tribe of Shabazz
You shoulda took heed of my word and became a friend of me
Now you're just a enemy
Enemies, enemy runnin from the G
Enemies, enemy, you're my enemy
Enemies, enemy, when will I see?
Enemies, enemy R.I.P

Now I change my style up, my style up,bodies pile up
Just to trouble you, throwin out the W
Sent me a subpoena
Cause I kill more crackas then Bosnia, Herze - govina
Each and every day out a siz-tre Chevrolet
With the heavy A to the muthafuckin K
Now you treat me like a germ
Cause your scared of the su - per sperm
Please don't bust til you see, the whites of his eyes
The whites of his skin, the whites of his lies
Nappy head nigga with the bone in his nose
Ya scared I'mma put this bone in your hoes
But I don't wanna, I've been to cona
From the cavebitch with the nasty persona
Hit me with the big black billy club
Cause you white and your ho than a silly nub
Three men in the tub, rub-a-dub-dub
And it's really scary, now they're in the military
Sodom and Gomorrah, devil read your Torah
Bible, Holy Qur'an
Once again it's on, got the hollow point teflon
And the brother Ron 2X, so who's next?
(devil)
With Dub C, Brother G
Crazy Toons is a crazy coon ready for the enemy
High off the Hennesy
Hundred ten degree, no it's not Tennesee
West L.A., what the hell can I say?
Niggas wanna play, each and every day
Pass me the pill, a nigga shoot the J
Rougher than the roughest rough muthafucka, had enough muthafucka?
Handcuff this muthafucka with the duct tape, tie it to the bumper
Grab his bitch, dump her, cause nobody wanna hump her
They call me Thumper cause I thump til it hurt
Knock your dick in the dirt, puttin in work
Master Farad Muhammad comin like a comet
When they see em, they all start to vomit
1995, Elijah is alive
Louis Farrakhan, NOI
Bloods and Crips and little ol me
And we all gettin ready for the enemy1Embed
(*Gunshot*)
"Ain't nobody talkin' when I'm talkin' fellas, so shut the fuck up!" (And who the fuck are you?)
Oh, stepping up in my motherfucking, uhh... (And who the fuck are you?)
Chuck Taylors, Knick-kickers, Wallabee's
On my ass, I got the, umm, um, Khakis, 501's (And who the fuck are you?)
On my back I got the, uhh, sweatshirt
You know, with the fat three creases
Uhh, my t-shirt, Slingshot, uhh, Khaki shirt (And who the fuck are you?)
Umm, and I got the Cake cutter in my—in my pocket
Uhh, got the Afro, the braids (And who the fuck are you?)
Motherfucking, uhh, rollers
You got to believe in something
And I just ask my motherfucking self, uhh
Why not believe in me? (And who the fuck are you? And who the fuck are you?)

"To G or not to G?", is the question
And like Smith told Wesson
I'm shady with the .380 old school diploma
I'll leave that ass in a coma, so
If you got a herringbone, "Welcome to the Terrordome"
Two-eleven, sorry, Reverend
Oh, my god, getting robbed
Reach for the smog, "Atomic Dog"
Hard to swallow, janky as Rollo
Count to ten, and don't try to follow
'Cause just like Waco, I can take four
ATF, to they death
Bust a left on Western, go and get a room
Don't want to be a felon like Stacey Koon
Get the right bitch, hit the light switch, here we go
Tap that ass like this, really doe
You might also like
You got to believe in something
West Side, Lynch Mob
Why not believe in me?
'Cause I'm a motherfuckin' G
'Cause I'm a motherfuckin'...
(And who the fuck are you?)

Thirty in a holding tank, catch the vapors
Make me a pillow out of toilet paper
Concrete bench kickin' off the hemorrhoids;
Éses deep, don't fuck with them boys
Phone check, collect call from the baller
Her mama said, "Please don't call her"
Do-Wah-Diddy, far from New Jack City
Seen one of my peers, "What the fuck you doin' in here?"
He said, "One-eighty-seven on the enemy
And they treat me like I just shot a Kennedy!"
Deputy bitch thinks she's the Queen Bee
Ink on my thumb, index, and pinky
"Sir, what set you from?" Play dumb
"General popu-la-tion"
Mama, put your house up, and I can bounce up
Out this motherfucker, that's why I love ya
Out like a boss, with a half-pint of sauce
Got the shit sewed up like Betsy Ross
What a friend know? Buy some indo
Never fuck with a silly hoe, really doe
You got to believe in something
Really doe, bitch
Why not believe in me?
'Cause I'm a motherfuckin' G
Goddamn, I'm a motherfuckin' G
You got to believe in something
Yup, that's right
Why not believe in me?
'Cause I'm a motherfuckin' G
Goddamn, I'm a...
(And who the fuck are you?)

Knock you out like NyQuil, I'll kill you quick
You sucker-for-love-ass trick
So don't run up with ya gun up
'Cause I got the backbreaker, double pump rump shaker
'Cause we can play hookie in the Aqua Boogie
With concrete Nikes, ya gets no stripes
Living unforgiven with the mic on
And punks running like roaches with the light on
And that's all the shit I'm starting
Bust a cap (Ka-kow-pow!) like Jerome on Martin
You looking for a punk with benefits
'Cause you got a baby, that take many shits
And you know I got a grip like a baby on a tit
Scopin', hopin', thighs open
But I kick back, sit back, and hit the Phillie slow
Hooker hoe, really doe
You got to believe in something
Ice Cube, yeah
Why not believe in me?
'Cause I'm a motherfuckin' G
Goddamn, I'm a motherfuckin' G
You got to believe in something
Really doe, what?
Why not believe in me?
'Cause I'm a motherfuckin' G
A motherfuckin' O, motherfuckin' G
You got to believe in something
East Side
Why not believe in me?
Fuckin' G
(And who the fuck are you? And who the fuck are you?)
You got to believe in something
South Side
Why not believe in me?
'Cause I'm a motherfuckin' G
G, G, G, motherfuckin' G, G
You got to believe in something
West Side
Why not believe in me?
Heh, know me
(And who the fuck are you? And who the fuck are you?)
You got to believe in something
Why not believe in me?
(And who the fuck are you?)3Embed
Hey... you wit' da ass (you wit' da ass), you wit' da ass (you wit' da ass)
C'mere... wassup?
What's your name girl? Who you come wit'?
I'm wit' Snoop Dogg.. and my whole click
 - repeat 2X
A nigga need a shot of that.. and I know where they got it at
Damn girl, you gotta lotta that
Won't you let a real nigga go and holla back?

Look at you girl, light brown, ass round
Feel like a nigga chasin down a rebound
It's bouncin like a basketball, if you got no ass at all
Sorry girl but you won't make the casting call
Skinny bitches need to find that nutritionist
Shit that make yo' ass so thick and delicious
Is it the food or is it the water?
That make your daughter wanna show what Momma taught her
C'mere.. let me whisper in yo' ear (wassup)
Tell ya all that bullshit that you wanna hear (let's fuck)
You prolly hate my fuckin guts in a year
But right about now, you like a nigga's style huh?
How I talk, how I smell, how I smile
How I think, how I fuck, how I growl
Fuck wit' me, ya get ya meat and ya vegetables
Fuck wit' him, ya get a fuckin metrosexual
You want a man stronger than you
Not a motherfucker in the mirror longer than you
Break a nail and his punk ass lookin for glue
You want a nigga wit' a hard dick lookin at you (lookin at you)
You might also like - repeat 2X

You came up in there lookin all cute and stuff
You and yo' homegirl, a pimp couldn't get enough
You talk that shit like you weren't up in there just to fuck
Well guess what? Now bitch you wit' us!
Yeah have a sip, go take a puff
Go and spend another blunt, naw roll it up!
What yo' name? A nigga love how you came
You just in need of some game
And I got that good thang, yeah it's a Westside hood thing
Let ya party over day and hit ya wit' that ding-a-ling
I got that good shit, lollipop (lollipop)
And once I get up in ya, I make ya body rock (body rock)
A thick little bad bitch, walk wit' a switch
Now all you need now is some gangster dick
It's the Big Bow Wizzow, you know I'm on the pusszow
Doggystizyle, that make ya kitty kat meow (meow!)
Dick deep, freak-a-leek, fuck some sleep
And don't tell me that I'm... "innnn too deep"
Okay (okay).. alright (alright).. Westside baby girl, we do it all night
(fo' sho)
 - repeat 2X
Do ya thing girl, fuck what they lookin at
Shake it for me mami, work that pussycat
Do ya thing girl, fuck what they lookin at
Shake it for me mami, work that pussycat
Put it on me girl, what the fuck you scared of?
We just in the club, actin like we making love
I know you full of liquor, put it on my zipper
Drop it down now and throw it on a nigga
 - repeat 2XEmbed

Hi, how ya doing?

Doctor's office, could you hold, please?
Yes sir, can I help you?

Yes, I have a four o'clock appointment, I'm here to get my shot

Okay, come right with me

This isn't gonna take too long, is it?

Here we are, here have a seat right here

Oh great, thanks, thanks

The doctor will be right with you, and can I get you anything?
You might also like
Uh, maybe a glass of water would be great

Okay, great


Damn, what is taking so long?


Yo, wassup?

Hi, how ya doing?

Alright, let's see what we got here
Uh, Mr. White, huh?

Yes, sir, that's me
Heh, I heard you don't like shots, do ya?

No, I sure don't

Aww, you're a big boy, uhh, this won't hurt a bit. Just, uh, turn your head...

Let's get this over with

Yeah, uh, rub a little alcohol on here, right here for you, and uh... brace yourself!
1Embed
Damn, I'm broke
My feet hurt
Inside the mind of a car jacker
And that bitch is slipping
It makes me wanna creep
Damn, it makes me wanna creep
I got something for your mind, your body and your soul
I got something for your mind, your body and your soul

Damn, I'm such a G it's pathetic
Here comes the big-headed
Nigga that's dipping
Sipping on Courvoisier
Goddamn I must have to floss today
Now pimping ain't easy but it's necessary
So I'm chasing bitches like Tom chased Jerry
I'll put the pedal to the floor
In my two-tone Ford Explorer
You know how it's done
Sounds bumping
Ain't that something
Jumped on the 110
She's flying in the Blazer
Like go Speed Racer
But I ain't gonna chase her
Like Racer X
But I won't flex
Til it's time to have sex
So when you wanna get together
Cause you know a nigga like me
Is down for whatever
Damn, and I'm down for whatever
Damn
You might also like
When I was little I didn't wanna be like Mike
I wanted to be like Ike, cause
Papa Was A Rollin' Stone in the sixties
And he liked green just like Bill Bixby
Told me that my best friend was a ten and a twenty
Pockets never skinny
Played Let's Get It On in the living room
And when he got drunk, you'd better give him room
Cause he'll turn the party out saying
"This is MY muthafuckin house!"
And y'all gots to go through the door
And if you can't find the door
He'll help you with the four-four
Talking much shit on the grass
And straight down to blast
I'm still in my PJs;
He's in a turtleneck sweater
And we down for whatever
And I'm down
Solid Pro is down for whatever
The Don Jagwarr is down for whatever
And it don't seem to stop

Now, I don't talk a lot of shit
But when it's time to get busy with these hoes, let's go
Cause I'd rather see a skinhead dead
Then my niggas wearing blue or red
Cause I got the gift
To hit these hoes swift
And I'm smelling like a fifth of something
Yeah, that's right
I'm standing in the store
Koreans act so nice
Cause I got potentials to blow up a Winchells
Donut
And you know what
I'm Cool Like Dat like Digable Planets
But don't take a nigga for granted
Cause whether it's a verdict or the L.A. four
You just don't know
That this rapping-ass nigga will change with the weather
And be down for whatever
And I'm down
Creep
And I'm down for whatever
Bump it in your Jeep
Ice Cube - D'voidofpop
And I will never dance for you trick-ass niggas
It makes me wanna creep
It makes me wanna creep4Embed
See if there's a black-and-white that can do a drive-by
People are gonna have to die on this one
As long as it ain't me ahead, I don't give a shit, just part of the job
Are you resisting arrest?
I haven't beaten anyone this bad in a long time
Ah, come on, those beatings, those people were resisting arrest! (Uh)
When we get together, doin' our thing
In order to help each other

Driving down the motherfuckin' highway
The flyway, "Hey, bitch, you goin' my way?"
Now I got a passenger
I looked at the miniskirt, and I'm askin' her
"Would you like to hit the fat bud?
Or perhaps can I run your name through the mud?
I mean, are you giving up the nappy dugout?"
She said, "No," "Well then, get the fuck out!
'Cause I know where the hoes be fiendin'
Plus your fat ass got my six-deuce leanin'"
Bust a U on the avenue
Why, oh, why, it ain't shit to do
Bumping Sir Jinx's latest mix
And you thought that shit played out in '86
Looking for my dogs
Looked up in the mirror, being followed by the hogs
One time's on my motherfucking line
Why the fuck the swine had to get behind a nigga like me?
They must think it's a G
They both walk up with the G-L-O-C
(Get out of the car! There was a robbery; the nigga looked just like you!
All right, put your hands up, take your pants down, spread your cheeks!)
Started they investigation:
No driver's license, no registration
When I stepped out the car, they slammed me
Goddamn y'all, who got the camera?
You might also like
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
Who got the camera?
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"

No lights, no camera, no action
And the pigs wouldn't believe that my slave name is Jackson
He said, "Don't lie to me!
I'm looking for John, Matty, or Spike Lee"
The motherfuckers called for backup
I guess they planned to beat the mack up
He called me a silly-ass thug
And pulled out his billy-ass club
Tearing up my coupe looking for the chronic
Goddamn, nobody got a Panasonic?!
Found an empty can of Old Gold
Came around and put my ass in a choke hold
Fucked around and broke my pager
Then they hit a nigga with a Taser
The motherfucking pigs was trying to hurt me
I fell to the ground and said, "Lord, have mercy!"
They hit me in the face, y'all
But to them, it ain't nothin' but (just a friendly game of baseball)
Crowd stood around; I said, "God damn ya!
Who got the camera?"
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
Who the fuck got the camera?
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"
"Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit"

I knew when I saw that deputy smirkin'
That they was gonna put some work in
Mr. Law had to hit me in the jaw
'Cause I called them faggots with guns and badges
They played Rat-a-tat-tat on me head
But if I had the gatty-gat-gat, they'd be dead
A victim of a big fat 187
And little devils don't go to Heaven
Last night it was eleven, but they wasn't scaring me
So they tried the flashlight therapy
I looked at the black one, call him a traitor
I don't give a fuck if you got a Beta!
Just take my fucking picture
So I can go downtown and pitch a bitch about
The one that called me a spook
His name is Officer David Duke
If the crowd wasn't around, he would've shot me
Tried to play me out like my name was Rodney
Fucking police gettin' badder
'Cause if I had a camera, the shit wouldn't matter (Bitch!)
Uhh, who got my nine?
Who got my nine?
Y'all done did it this time, heh
Who the fuck got my nine?3Embed

MAKE IT RUFF
Whassup?
What?
Hahahaha, k-dee baby!
MAKE IT RUFF

Verse One: Ice Cube, K-Dee
I make niggas say 'woof' cos I'm in the coupe with no roof
Cos I'm ruff, and nigga you can buck these nuts
If you comin with that smooth shit, hard core rules shit
[I make the hoes say 'hay' each and every day
Bitch cos I'm the k-dee, no I'm not a g]
Mothafuckin wannabe mack
I gots ta fuck...you...right on up, punk ya lucky that cha livin
Cause I'm the unforgiven; I like power, ain't a damn thing funny
[I like pussy and money
And I won't slam like onyx or never ever stutter
But I'm b-b-butter;
Leader of the new school, you hard core fool!]
Nigga make it ruff! 
MAKE IT RUFF 
You might also likeVerse Two: K-Dee, Ice Cube

You can lick me up and down till I yell stop!
Damn bitch ya missed a drop...cos I don't play when I sway
It's the quicker picker upper;
A pro that moves slow before this ho I'm quick
To dump her; so eeny-meeny-miney-mo, where's my dough?
I gots ta make a livin, I out ta get mo;
Money, and got more nuts for ya honey; so
Come and break me off, this nigga's walkin soft;
It's the smoothness that make niggas move to this;
For you ruffnecks, i'll check you with my tool and shit;
Don't sweat 'em, just let 'em play that hardcore
Role; we still cool, but just make it smooth...

You know what, it's like a jungle sometimes it makes me wonder
How I keep from goin under, I'm chocolate thunder;
Ruff as sin, cuts on ya skin
And I blend with the tracks, see I'm black
K-dee is the mack; matter fact
Niggas hit me up with the c's and b's
But you don't wanna fuck wit these
Cos i'll put 'em on ya
And we'll have to wake ya mothafuckin ass up with ammonia
Cos hardcore rap is always on the map and it don't stop
Devoid of pop; and if I drop another smooth hit
It'll still be hard, cos I helped start this shit;
So make it ruff 
Make it ruff! 
Make it ruff! 
MAKE IT RUFF

MAKE IT- MAKE IT RUFF

Verse Three: Ice Cube, K-Dee
I hate when niggas get too fuckin sexy on the track, I'm pro black
I like hittin switches
Hard rhyme sayer!
[I thought you knew, but ain't no thang, you knew the way I swang;
Creepin, ain't no sleepin, ain't a damn thing changed; I hit ho after
Ho with this laid-back shit.]
Fool, I kill at will and still can fade that shit; cos it's the
Predator, I edit(?) her, so nigga watch yo step!
It ain't no sweat for me to buck buck nigga don't give a fuck; you
Better duck duck or get your ass stuck stuck!
[Don't let the smooth shit fool ya, cos I can get it on; cos I be
Breakin bones like dragonfly jones; quick to put em on ya.]
Don't make me act a fool! nigga, make it ruff!

MAKE IT RUFF
Make it ruff 
MAKE- MAKE IT- MAKE IT RUFF
...make it ruff 
MAKE IT RUFF
Ice cube's up in this motherfucker

MAKE IT RUFF 
MAKE IT RUFF 
MAKE- MAKE IT RUFF- RUFF
MAKE- MAKE IT RUFF 
MAKE IT RUFF- RUFF 

1Embed
In any country, prison is where society sends it's failures
But in this country, society itself is failing

Tadow, how you like me now, I'm in the mix?
It's 1986 and I got the fix with the chicken and a quota
Got the baking soda, let the water boil, workers all loyal
Dropped out the twelfth
Cuz my wealth is shorter than a midget on his knees
Now I slang keys
Infest my hood with crack, cuz I'm the mack
Take a nation of millions to hold me back
Too big for my britches, and I got bitches
Now I'm hittin' switches, niggas want my riches
Used to get 18 when my G was alive, now a key is 13-5
'89s the number, another summer
Police ain't get no dumber
Streets dried up, used to think it would last
But being a king-pin is a thing of the past
They tried to blast me for sellin' a boulder
Now I got my ass in Minnesota
Got my own crew, it's on brand new
Damn, what can I do?

Tadow
(Now it was on from dusk to dawn
And everything jumped)
What the fuck can I do?
Tadow
(Now it was on from dusk to dawn
And everything jumped)
You might also like
Already done stack me half a mill ticket
Bought a house next to Prince, so now I can kick it
Now I got ends, wavin' to my friends, rollin' in my Benz
Goin' to see the Twins, play at the dome
Police are tappin' my mobile phone
I'm almost home
Gettin' excited, indicted
Spent a grip and a year tryin' to fight it
Lawyer got paid, plea, no contest
And everything I own got repossessed
Now take a look at the dust
And I'm happy cuz I only got 36 months
Never picked up a book
But my arms are 16 inches, niggas look
Can't wait for '92 so I can get with my crew
And see, what can I do?

Tadow
(Now it was on from dusk to dawn
And everything jumped)

Fucked up in the pen, now it's ninety-fo'
Back in LA, and I'm bailin' in the dough
Everybody, now I gotta start from scratch
So where to work at, and niggas smirk at
Me say ain't nuttin' poppin from here to the LB
What you tell me?
No it ain't crack, and everybody's jackin' for a coupe
Cuz, they sent in the troops
Even though I got muscle, that ain't my hustle
Takin' niggas' shit in a tussle
No skills to pay the bills
Takin' 'bout education to battle inflation
No college degree, just a dumb ass G
(Yeah, you, nigga), who me?
I got a baby on the way, damn it's a mess
"Have you ever been convicted of a felony?" Yes
Took some advice from my Uncle Fester
All dressed up in polyester
Welcome to McDonald's, may I please help you?
Shit, what can I do?
Tadow
(Now it was on from dusk to dawn
And everything jumped)
The white man has broke every law known to man to establish AmeriKKKa
But he'll put you in the state penitentary
He'll put you in the federal penitentary for breaking these same laws
Now we gonna look and see if this motherfucker is guilty for the laws he'll put you in jail for:
Drug using, drug selling, armed robbery, strong armed robbery, grand larceny, rape, racketeering, conspiracy to commit murder, extortion, aggravated assault, mayhem, sodomy of the black man, trespassing, embezzelment, purgery, kidnapping, smuggling, grand theft, brandishing a firearm, carrying a concealed weapon, breaking and entering, and premeditated cold-blooded murder
Guilty on every chargeEmbed
Dirty Mack!

There's a new girl on my street
And I'ma introduce her to my meat
Told my homeboy I was scoping, hoping
To crack them legs wide open
Ready to break that thang in half
Hit it with the shaft
Take a bath and I'm out, yeah
Better keep the Trojan
And if the sex was good, still be the hoe's friend
Fucked around and told my plan to the man
Sitting next to the goddamn man
How was I to know son
That the negro would run and tell the 4-1-1
With a big fat grin
Talking 'bout all the hoes that I ran up in, huh
Broke a nigga' plan like dishes
'Cause now the bitch is getting suspicious
She know I fuck hoes outa habit
Who framed Cube? Mothafuck Roger Rabbit
'Cause I couldn't have and got stabbed in the back
By a black ass dirty mack...
You might also like
And if you didn't know it's like that
I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack
Yeah nigga you didn't you know it was like that
I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack...

There goes the Billboard, pull it
And see if I'm still #1 with a bullet
What the fuck do I see?
It looks like the Predator
Is gettin' dissed by the editor
Look, the vanilla wafer caper
Is to lynch a nigga on paper
But I'm much too black for the god damn cracker
Huh! Dirty Macker
Even the Guardian Angels got mental
But never seen their ass walking through South Central
Little superhero don't let me catch ya
I fuck around and wetcha
Try to dirty mack me out
Try to take food out my kid's mouth
You're lucky that my people are stronger than your evil
Or your ass woulda got the heave, hoe
Out the do, the 187 tag's still on your toe
So act like you know
That nigga that's known to jack
Devils in little red hats
Motherfuckin dirty macks
And if you didn't know it's like that
I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack
Yeah nigga you didn't you know it was like that
I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack...

Don't come the O.G. way with that 'he say she say'
Bitch, hit the freeway, dirty macks get tossed
'Cause I'll fuck around, and jump your ass like Kris Kross
Just might blast, snake in the grass
Get a shank up the ass
Found in a trunk of funk
Pale and stiff as a philly blunt
What more do you want you done fucked up the plot
And deserve just what you got
'Cause I'm hotter than Tobasco
You little ass hoe
Now I gotta do you like Glass Joe
TKO now you see they fall on canvas
'Cause you scandalous
Don't know who the man is
Ice Cube-a jack
The wack ass Dirt Mack

And if you didn't know it's like that
I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack
Yo Savage didn't you know it was like that
I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack
I suppose you don't know it's like that
I got a big fat gat for the dirty mack...3Embed
"There's no stopping what can't be stopped... no killing what can't be killed..."
There's something' out there waiting for us (Hahaha!)
There's something' out there waiting for us (Hahaha!)

You can run but you can't hide
From the Westside night stalker, shit talker
Run and tell them it's the L.M
Nigga with the gat, and I'm back
Off the everyday prey that I slay
Rolling with a fo', chase ya through South Central
Monkey-wrench ho should know that, she'll get the bozack
'Cause I'm not starving, but fuck that Johnny Carson ho
Never had me on the Late Night Show
Coming with the shit that'll hit
"Steady Mobbin'" 'cause the flavor's good
There goes the neighborhood
Nigga with the third album; how come he don't fall off?
Rolling with the sawed-off gauge
Turn the page of the chapter, caught up in the rapture
But you know Anita, she can get the peter
Eat 'em up, yum, and you're floored
Motherfuck Billboard and the editor; here comes the Predator!

Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back
Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back (There's something' out there waiting for us)
Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back
Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back (There's something' out there waiting for us)
You might also like
Check your head for the new style
Fuck Laurence Powell and Briseno, Wind and Koon, pretty soon
We'll fuck them like they fucked us and won't kiss 'em
Riots ain't nothing but diets for the system
Fighting with the beast, no justice, no peace
If any, even if we fuck up Denny
Niggas are sick of your white man tricks with no treat
That's right; now it's on, on sight
You call me a Muslim, no, I'm not a resident
Still got my vote in—Farrakhan for president
Of white America, I'm tearing ya a new asshole
Who's the nigga with the new black
Strolling to your suburb house and I douse
With gas, now who's cleaning up trash?
Eat 'em up, yum, and you're floored
Motherfuck Billboard and the editor; here comes the Predator!

Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back
Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back
Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back
Yo, I'm out... (Here comes the Predator!)
(There's something' out there waiting for us)

Got my black rag showing, and I'm hoin'; Ira Reiner
Can kiss my grits like Flo, on "Mel's Diner"
I'm meaner than a motherfucking hyena chasing antelope
Put my chrome to your dome, watch it bust like a cantaloupe
I can't stand a rope, so don't try to hang 'em
Talk about dogs; boy, I can slang 'em!
Rat-a-tat-tat on your noggin
'Cause Ice'll cream your ass like Häagen-Dazs
Chocolate, I get crazy when I catch wreck
Even be flipping the tongue like da-diggity-dung Das-EFX
So who is Ice Cube? I'm a rapper, actor, macker
Got a little problem with the redneck cracker, did the tallywacker
Jerry Heller is a devil shit-packer
Coming with a crazy pitch
And the Statue of Liberty ain't nothing but a lazy bitch!
Don't wanna give up the crack, to the black
But you'll call it racial, if we go and rape the hoe
But eat 'em up, yum, and you're floored
Motherfuck Billboard and the editor; I am the Predator!
Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back
Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back
Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back
Yo, I'm out...
Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back
Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back
Yo, I'm out, but I'll be back
Yo, I'm out... (Hahahaha!)

"They indicated, that when trapped, the creature activated a self-destruct device that destroyed enough rainforest to cover three hundred city blocks."
(*explosion*)5Embed

Yeah, yeah
Fool, you know how we do it (Woh-uh-oh-oh-oh)
Westside
Comin' from the Westside
Nothin' but the Westside (Woh-uh-oh-oh-oh)

Ain't nothin' goin' on but the bomb-ass rap song
Hittin' all night long
Just like me on the black and white ivory
Gettin' six on artillery (Woh-uh-oh-oh-oh)
You don't want to see a G
Break yo' ass like dishes
Buster-ass tricks, sleep with the fishes
Runnin' from Lennox, up at Venice
They wanna have me in stripes (Woh-uh-oh-oh-oh)
Like Dennis the Menace
But that ain't poppin', ain't no stoppin'
Fo'-hoppin', ass droppin', Coupe DeVille
My troupe can kill, (Woh-uh-oh-oh-oh) fool I got skills
So, back on up 'fore I check that chin
Down as fuck and I'm full off Henn'
You gets no love and I thought you knew it
Fool, you know how we do it
You might also like
Comin' from the Westside
Comin' from the Westside
Westside, comin' from the Westside
(Woh-uh-oh-oh-oh)

Chillin' with the homies, smellin' the bud
Double-parked and I'm talkin' to Dub
About who got a plan, who got a plot
Who got got (Woh-uh-oh-oh-oh)
And who got shot
'Cause everybody knows that he got the info
Crazy Toones hangin' out the window
Fool, I got them bomb-ass tapes
Da Lench Mob (Woh-uh-oh-oh-oh)
"Planet of the Apes"
I'm down with Eiht and Watts Up
Kam and Solo, they got nuts
When Ice Cube write a sentence
I want The Bomb (Woh-uh-oh-oh-oh)
Just like George Clinton
S-K-P is down to catch a body
Put on "Knee Deep", we'll turn out your party
You gets no love and I thought you knew it
Fool, (Woh-uh-oh-oh-oh) you know how we do it
(Woh-uh-oh-oh-oh) You know how we do it
(Woh-uh-oh-oh-oh)

Jack be nimble, and Jack be quick
If you wanna jack me on a lick
'Cause I'm that fool from South Central
You'll think you stuck yourself (Woh-uh-oh-oh-oh)
With a number two pencil
That's how I poke hot lead in yo' ass
With "Mo' Bounce to the Ounce" in the dash
Mash up, Van Ness, headed for the West
Everything is great (Woh-uh-oh-oh-oh)
Slow down for the dip
On 100 and 8th and keep mashin'
Don't drink and drive, to keep the fo' from crashin'
Stashin' a Glock and I thought you knew it
(Woh-uh-oh-oh-oh) You know how we do it

Comin' from the Westside, Westside
(Woh-uh-oh-oh-oh) Nothin' but the Westside
It's hittin' on the Westside
Fool, (Woh-uh-oh-oh-oh) you know how we do it
(Woh-uh-oh-oh-oh)
(Woh-uh-oh-oh-oh)
(Woh-uh-oh-oh-oh)
(Woh-uh-oh-oh-oh)43Embed
Good evening
Police, do not attempt to adjust your radios, there is nothing wrong
We have taken control over this city as to bring you this special bulletin
And we will return this motherfucker to you
As soon as the National Guard move in

The cops wanna catch the nigga that won't fetch
But I'll blast ya, never call ya master
Who is that kickin' up shit much faster?
Rollin' on a scooter, you know I might do ya
See a Black cop and my buckshots run right through ya
I never knew ya
'Cause I'm not a trick
You can suck the biggity-dick, I'm not the piggity-pig
I get away quickity-quick on a plane to South Central
Never get played by the monkey wrench ho
Steady mobbin', I'm just like Robin Hood
Up to no good, so many bitches on my wood
To the right of me and to the left of me
Bitch, I got so much game I need a referee
Throw a penalty of ass interference
Damn, y'all over me, so bitch, get on the bench
Here comes the cops, so I better hit the fence
Better run fast 'cause the Dobermans pinch
And I won't play mine in the daytime
Goddamn, here comes the canine
Four-legged copper that wants to use Ice Cube as a Whopper
But who's the first nigga to outrun a chopper?
No lie, say hi to the bad guy
You might also like
Fuck (Hey guys, where ya headed?)
Nowhere, man (Got your license and registration?)
Yeah, hold up, right here (Hey, what's in that box back there?)
Nah, nothin', nothin' (They happen to be donuts?)
Huh? (Ya got a glazed donut? How bout a bear claw?)
Uh (If you don't have one, I gotta gaffle ya)
What? You gon' gaf— damn

See one time, hit 'em up
'Cause you know the Lench Mob is down to get 'em up
People think Ice Cube roll with the gangs
'Cause I'm in a coupe that's sittin' on thangs
Ain't gotta tell me twice about the jack
See, I got a .9 in my lap to take care of that
Caps get peeled on the regular
'Cause niggas try to get me for my cellular
Knick-knack, paddy-wack, the mack daddy's back
Kidnappin' hoes like the Patty Hearst jack
Have the white ho with a .44
Go rob a liquor store, they can't blame it on a nigga-ro
Bring the money to the rooster
Had a bitch in the mall bein' a booster
Damn, can't stand when the bitch get sent to Sybil Brand
And come back a man
You wanna point the finger at me 'cause the OG
Is souped like Chef Boyardee
Humpin', jumpin', had the place jumpin'
Goddamn, gotta break you off somethin'
You wanna know why I bust and how (Click-click)
Now look at you now
Huh, and I'm out real fast
Get the paper out your ass, baby
Yo, here we go, listen to the pro
Shoot the bo-bo and act like ya know, ho
Fuck with the flow and die
When I walk by, say hi to the bad guy
C'mon, man, it's just one left (I'll make a deal with ya)
What? (Ahh, ya got one of those powdered donuts?)
How bout that twister?
If it have cream in the middle, I'm gonna have to gaffle ya!
You gon' gaffle us? (Hey, can I reach back there and get one?)
Uh, yeah, homie
Go on and reach your head in (We got a lot of donuts left)
Duck your head in there, man
*gunshots*
What kind of a cop killer are you?
What kind of a cop killer are you?
What kind of a cop killer are you?
What kind of a cop killer are you?
What kind of a cop killer are you?1Embed
Pay attention
Pay attention
Pay attention
Pay attention
Hey motherfuckin' Cube, what the fuck's wrong with you?
You didn't kick the rest of that Gangsta Fairytale shit
Why don't you kick it one good time?
Niggas on the playground wanna know what's happenin'
You left 'em hangin', man, what the fuck?

Little Boy Blue is outta Folsom
Now them three little pigs gotta roast him
Driving down Sesame Street and I bet
That little motherfucker's out fucking Smurfette
Ain't saw the wolf yet, but it's no doubt
They'll catch his ass slipping at his grandma house
They got the MAC-10 pointed out the coupe
'Cause they gotta follow they nose like Fruit Loops
Peeped out Little Miss Muffet on her tuffet eating grits
She saw the MAC-10 and the bitch had the shits
Ran into her house, called up her crew
'Cause Red Riding Hood wants to kill Little Boy Blue
And the wolf too, what is Mister Rogers doing?
Moved out his Jordan, bought him a Ewing
Him, Little Boy Blue and the wolf in the cellar
Planning on getting Cinderella
'Cause Cinderella still works for the pigs
Through with the dwarfs, fucking Bebe's kids
Now Snow White got the horny-ass beaver
Fucking the Beauty's Beast like Jungle Fever
Now the word's on the street
When the crews meet, you better make some fucking room
'Cause it's on with the pigs and them other nigs
When the cow jump over the moon, everybody jump
You might also like
Jump, jump, jump, jump
Jump, jump, jump, jump (Everybody)
Jump, jump, jump, jump
Jump, jump, jump, jump

Now Little Boy Blue is up front
With the nine millimeter, ready for the hunt
Little Red Riding Hood caught his ass slipping
Drew down on the boy 'cause the bitch is set tripping
About to get loose with the deuce-deuce
That's when the boy said, "What about the gang truce?"
The little ho had no words
The wolf came around and the bitch got served
Three little pigs bought wigs
Dressed like sheep, Cinderella is Little Bo Peep
Trying to creep on the crew
The wolf, the Rogers, the Blue, they through
'Cause the pigs did the buck-buck-bang-ping
Now you hear the fat lady sing
Cinderella ran like a bitch
To the pay phone 'cause the bitch is still a snitch
Now the pigs are caught by the pigs and taken
In the pen to get fried like bacon
You still can't trust no ho
And Ice Cube'll tell the kids how the stories should go
Yeah Cube, man that shit was dope, nigga
You all that and a bowl of grits, nigga, that shit was on props, nigga
Yeah, that's how you kick that shit for the ninety-deuce, nigga
What's happening, nigga?
Yeah, nigga, that's Gangsta Fairytale part 2 nigga
Y'all trick-ass niggas can't fuck with it4Embed
Who do I trust?
Me! That's who!

You can't trust a big butt and a smile
No, that's the old style
In , shit ain't quite the same
Bitches got a brand new game, yo
It's kinda hard to see
But the dating game ain't what it used to be
Back in the day, if a ho wanted ya dough
She give you a piece of ass and there we go
Go and get knocked up, and then she get socked up
You be broke and locked up
But the new's done hit
Bitches all over on some new and improved shit
To all y'all macks
Come to find out that bitches are pulling jacks
I remember every night all you had to worry about
Was getting caught at a red light
And a nigga jack you for your Dana Dane’s
Now shit done changed
'Cause you gots to watch the ones in the skirt
And it ain't about getting burnt
I know it sounds strange
But could you stop thinking with ya dick for a change?
'Cause you'll get a bullet in your brain, Mr. Rich
And about that bitch, don't trust 'em!
You might also like
(Ice Cube comin at'cha with a crazy pitch)
Don't trust no (Bitch! Bitch! Bitch!)
(Ice Cube comin at'cha with a crazy pitch)
You can't trust no (Bitch! Bitch! Bitch!)
(Ice Cube comin at'cha with a crazy pitch)
Don't trust no (Bitch! Bitch! Bitch!)
(Ice Cube comin at'cha with a crazy pitch)
You can't trust no (Bitch! Bitch! Bitch! Bitch!)

Here's how the bitches jack:
They try to catch a dumb nigga in the act
You came to the club, stepped to the bar
And pulled out a wad of Dubs
After you got buzzed, she walk by
You saw how big her ass was
Got her on the dance floor
And she started dancing like a hoe
Jimmy got stiff, she ain't have a ride home
So you gave the bitch a lift
She didn't wanna trouble you
But hopped her big ass in your BMW
Hopped to her house and started kissing
And Jimmy just wouldn't listen
'Cause you got real horny
And that ain't cool at four in the morning
Started undressing the ho
Got to the drawers and the hoe said, "No!
Not on the first date
It's getting kinda late, could you come back at eight?"
You said "Yeah!" 'cause you thought you met a wholesome hoe
But nigga, she know you rolling in some dough
And you'll regret and something 'bout a bitch you just met
Don't trust 'em!
(scratching of BBD's 'Poison' and PE's 'Don't Believe The Hype')
Don't—, don't—
Don't—, don't—, don't—
Don't—, don't—
Don't—, don't—, don't—
Don't—, don't— (Who do I trust? Who do I trust?)
Don't—, don't—, don't— (Me! That's who!)
Don't—, don't— (Who do I trust? Who do I trust?)
Don't—, don't— (Me! That's who!)
Never trust a big butt bitch! (Ooh)
Never trust a big butt bitch! (Ooh)
Never trust a big butt bitch! (Ooh)
Never trust a big butt bitch! (Ooh)

Eight o'clock on the dot, nigga's hot
Dick hard as a rock
Straight on a solo creep
Can't wait till her little boy go to sleep
So you can seduce the G
Bust a nut and make an excuse to leave
You got her worked out 'cause you the man
But the bitch got diff'rent plans
She said "Take off your clothes, jump in the bed"
While she powder her nose
You get butt naked
Cause you ready to wreck it
'Cause you a motherfucking pro, next thing you know
The door flies open with a blast
With four niggas in ski masks
Pointing a gun at the pimp
You're scared as a motherfucker and Jimmy done went limp
They beat you down just a taste
Take ya to your house and make ya open up the safe
Drove you far, tied up in the trunk of your own fucking car
Take you out and pop the cap
I told you the bitch was a trap
Don't trust 'em!
(Ice Cube comin at'cha with a crazy pitch)
Don't trust no (Bitch! Bitch! Bitch!)
(Ice Cube comin at'cha with a crazy pitch)
You can't trust no (Bitch! Bitch! Bitch!)
(Ice Cube comin at'cha with a crazy pitch)
Don't trust no (Bitch! Bitch! Bitch!)
(Ice Cube comin at'cha with a crazy pitch)
You can't trust no (Bitch! Bitch! Bitch! Bitch!)

(scratching of BBD's 'Poison' and PE's 'Don't Believe The Hype')
Don't—, don't—
Don't—, don't—, don't—
Don't—, don't—
Don't—, don't—
Don't—, don't— (Who do I trust? Who do I trust?)
Don't—, don't—, don't— (Me! That's who!)
Don't—, don't— (Who do I trust? Who do I trust?)
Don't—, don't— (Me! That's who!)

Who do I trust? Who do I trust?
Me! That's who!
Who do I trust? Who do I trust?
Me! That's who!3Embed
"Peace, quiet and good order will be maintained in our city to the best of our ability. Riots, melees and disturbances of the peace are against the interests of all our people and therefore, cannot be permitted."
("The jury found that they were all not guilty, not guilty...")
"We've been told that all along Crenshaw Boulevard, that there's a series of fires. A lot of looting is going on. A disaster area, obviously."
("The jury found that they were all not guilty, not guilty...")
Make it rough!
("A lot of activity continues here at this command post.")
 Make it rough!
("We have sporadic fires, throughout the city of Los Angeles.")

Not guilty, the filthy, devils tried to kill me
When the news get to the hood the niggas will be
Hotter than cayenne pepper, cuss, bust
Kickin up dust is a must
I can't trust, a cracker in a blue uniform
Stick a nigga like a unicorn
Born, wicked, Laurence, Powell, foul
Cut his fuckin throat and I smile
Go to Simi Valley and surely
Somebody knows the address of the jury
Pay a little visit, "Who is it?" (Ohh it's Ice Cube)
"Can I talk to the grand wizard," then boom!!
Make him eat the barrel, modern day feral
Now he's zipped up like Leather Tuscadero
Pretty soon we'll catch Sergeant Koon
Shoot him in the face, run up in him with a broom-
-stick, prick, devils ain't shit
Introduce his ass to the AK-40 dick
Two days niggas layed in the cut
To get some respect, we had to tear this muthafucka up!
You might also like
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
Make it rough!
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"

I got a Mac-10 for Officer Wind
Damn, his devil ass need to be shipped back to Kansas
In a casket, crew cut faggot
Now he ain't nothing but food for the maggots
Lunch, punch, Hawaiian, lying
Niggas ain't buying, ya story, bore me
Tearing up shit with fire, shooters, looters
Now I got a laptop computer
I told you it would happen, and you heard it, read it
But all you can call me was anti-Semitic
Regret it? Nope, said it? Yep
Listen to my big black boots as I step
Niggas had to break you off something, give Bush a push
But your National Guard ain't hard
You had to get Rodney to stop me, 'cause you know what?
We woulda to' this muthafucka up!

"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
Make it rough!
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
Ayy Muggs, make it rough!
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
It's on, "Gone With the Wind"
And I know white men can't dunk
Now I'm stealing blunts and a cake from Betty Crocker
Orville Reddenbacher
Don't fuck with the black-owned stores
But hit the Foot Lockers
Steal, motherfuck Fire Marshall Bill
Oh, what the hell? Throw the cocktail, I smell smoke
Got the fuck out, Ice Cube lucked out
My nigga had his truck out, didn't get stuck out
In front of that store with the Nikes and Adidas
Oh Jesus, Western Surplus got the heaters
Meet us, so we can get the 9's and the what-nots
Got the Mossberg with the double-eyed buckshot
Ready for Darryl, and like Baretta would say
Keep your eye on the barrel, a sparrow
"Don't do the crime if you can't do the time"
But I'm rolling, so that's a fucked-up slogan
The Hogan's, Heroes, spotted the guerilla by the Sizzler
Hitting up police killer
The super-duper nigga that'll buck
We had to tear this muthafucka up, so what the fuck?!

"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
Huh, make it rough!
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
Yo Muggs, make it rough
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
Huh, make it rough
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
Enough!
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
"Wrong nigga to fuck with!"
"Not guilty verdicts for Stacey Koon, Laurence Powell, Timothy
Wind and Theodore Briseno: the four officers accused of beating
Motorist Rodney King."7Embed
"Stalkin', walkin' in my big black boots"
"Stalkin', walkin' in my big black boots"

God damn, another fuckin' payback with a twist
The motherfuckers shot but the punks missed
Ice Cube is outgunned, what is the outcome?
Will they do me like Malcolm?
'Cause I bust styles, new styles
Standin' strong, while others run a hundred miles
But I never run, never will
Deal with the devil with my motherfuckin' steel - Boom!
Media tried to do me
But I was a boy in the hood before the movie, yeah
Call me nigga, bigot, and a spook
But you the one that voted for Duke, motherfucker
White man is somethin' I tried to study
But I got my hands bloody, yeah
They said I could sing like a jaybird
But nigga, don't say the J-word
I thought they was buggin'
'Cause to us, Uncle Sam is Hitler without an oven
Burnin' our black skin
Buy my neighborhood, then push the crack in
Doin' us wrong from the first day
And don't understand why a nigga got an AK
Callin' me an African-American
Like everything is fair again, shit
Devil, you got to get the shit right
I'm black, blacker than a trillion midnights
"Don't Believe The Hype" was said in '88 by the great Chuck D
Now they're tryin' to fuck me!
You might also like
"With no Vaseline
Just a match and a little bit of gasoline" (Huh!)

It's a great day for genocide (What's that?)
That's the day all the niggas died
They killed JFK in '63
So what the fuck you think they'll do to me?
But I'm the OG and I bust back (Boom, boom!)
Bust back (Boom, boom!), peel a cap (Boom, boom!)
Gimme room in the fire of the sun
Here the Mack come, here the Black come, watch Jack run!
Motherfuckers can't gank me
Fuck a devil, fuck a rebel, and a Yankee
Overrun and punk the Presidency
If it means that I'm down with O.P.P., yeah!
I met Farrakhan and had dinner
Now you ask if I'm a Five Percenter? Well
No, but I go where the brothers go
Down with Compton Mosque, Number 54
Made a little dough, still got a sister on my elbow
Did Ice Cube sell out? You say, "Hell no!"
A black woman is my manager, not in the kitchen
So could you please stop bitchin'?
"Stalkin', walkin' in my big black boots"
Yeah, yeah
"But when will they shoot?"
"Stalkin', walkin' in my big black boots"
Yeah, yeah
"But when will they shoot?"
(*Gunshots*)

You missed, and didn't hit Da Lench Mob, either
Guerrillas in tha Mist without jungle fever
But I got the fever for the flavor of a cracker, not a Pringle
Bust the single, here's my new jingle:
"Stalkin', walkin' in my big black boots"
The KKK has got three-piece suits
Usin' niggas like turkey shoots
My motto is, "Treat 'em like a prostitute!"
Now if I say no violence, devil, you won't respect mine
Fuck the dumb shit and get my TEC-9 (Yeah!)
And if they approach us
I, I - I bury those cockroaches
And if you can't deal with my Kill at Will
Here's a new gift to get, try my Death Certificate
AmeriKKKa's Most, America's burnt, it's like toast
Like Jordan, I'm goin' coast to coast
Dribblin' the funk, here comes the nigga with the motherfuckin' monster dunk
Get off me, punk!
"Jordan..."
"Watch Jordan!
Ayo, Cube, watch Jordan..."
"Yes!"
You better eat your Wheaties"

"Stalkin', walkin' in my big black boots"
Yeah, yeah
"But when will they shoot?"
"Stalkin', walkin' in my big black boots"
Yeah, yeah
"But when will they shoot?"

Daryl Gates got the studio surrounded
'Cause he don't like the niggas that I'm down with
Motherfucker wanna do us
'Cause I like Nat, Huey, Malcolm, and Louis
Most got done by a black man's bullet
Give a trigger to a nigga and watch him pull it
Negro assassin
I'ma dig a ditch, bitch, and throw yo' ass in
When they shoot, no, it won't be a cracker
They use somebody much blacker
What I do? I called up the Geto Boy crew
'Cause my mind's playin' tricks on me, too (Yeah)
Never died, surround my crib
And FOI makin' sure nobody creep when I sleep
Keep a nine millimeter in my Jeep (What?)
Peep when I roll, I gots to roll deep
Ain't goin out cheap
Met the MADD Circle on Cypress Hill 'cause it's so steep
They'll never get me, they'll never hit me
Motherfuck that shit, J-Dee
Now I'm relaxed
Grab the St. Ides brew so I can max
Sittin' by the window 'cause it's so fuckin' hot
And then I heard a shot (Boom!)5Embed
Now dis one dedicated to di man dem call MacGyver (Buck)
And all double-oh-seven James Bond spy man is from di area (Gunshot, gunshot)
Maximum respect to di man dem call Ice Cube (Buck, buck)
Him nah bust no deuce-deuce, no trey-eight, but four-four, wicked  (Right)
Uh, wicked man, uh, get wicked
Uh, wicked man, uh, get wicked

One, two, three and I come with the wicked
Style, and you know that I'm from, the wicked
Crew, act like you knew
'Cause I got everybody jumpin' to the voodoo, kick it
Wicked rhymes, picket signs
While me and the Mob gotta trunk full of nines
Play ya and I'll slay ya
I got the mayor by the hair
Ready to buck, buck, buck and it's a must
To duck, duck, duck before I bust
Lookin' for the one that did it
But like En Vogue, no, you're never gonna get it
'Cause I'm the one with the fat mad skills
And I won't choke like the Buffalo Bills
Sittin' at the pad just chillin'
'Cause Larry Parker just got two million, oh what a feelin' (So)
Shake that nigga and pass me the pill
And I'll slam dunk ya like Shaquille O'Neal
Like it, dig it, maybe, and watch that test tube baby
Kick it, 'cause I get wicked
You might also like
You know dem wicked, Ice Cube and Torcha Chamba sound
Yes, dem wicked, him pick up di mic and buss up di ground
Yes, dem wicked, all of dem gyal with di sound
My name is Don Jagwarr and Ice Cube we run di town (Wicked)

Look at the way I kick it, I'm wicked
Buck (Wicked, wicked man)
Look at the way I kick it, I'm wicked
Buck-buck (Wicked), buck (Wicked man), buck-buck

Don't say nothin', just listen
Got me a plan to break Tyson outta prison
Come my way and get served
Still got a deuce that'll bunny hop the curb
Nappy head, nappy chest, nappy chin
Never seen with a happy grin
Show the fat frown 'cause I'm down
Take a look around
All you see is big black boots steppin'
Use my steel toe as a weapon
Kick ya and flip ya, now they want to
Label this nigga tape with the sticker
Diggin' out girls that's nicety
Plus I got a body count like Ice-T
From here to New York
I get skins and ain't talkin bout pork
Swine, pig, dig
Listen to the flow of a so-called negro
Who didn't know I was funky as Wilson Pickett
Dig it, 'cause I get wicked
Ice Cube and Torcha Chamba sound
Yes, dem wicked, him pick up di mic and buss up di ground
Yes, dem wicked, all of dem gyal with di sound
My name is Don Jagwarr and Ice Cube we run di town (Wicked)

Look at the way I kick it, I'm wicked
Buck (Wicked, wicked man), buck-buck
Look at the way I kick it, I'm wicked
Buck (Wicked, wicked man)

People wanna know how come
I got a gat and I'm lookin' out the window like Malcolm
Ready to bring that noise
Kinda trigger happy like the Geto Boys
April 29th brought power to the people
And we might just see a sequel, 'cause
Police got equal hate
A chazzer's a pig that don't fly straight
Through with Daryl Gates but is Willie Williams
Down with the pilgrims?
Just a super slave
We'll have to break his ass up like Super Dave
I'm wicked enough to pull this
'Cause now it's on to the fullest
Gorilla straight from the mist
But I don't miss when it comes to (Uh) this
Bring the yellow tape
The white cape, 'cause I'm so straight
Through with the picket signs
Take this job and stick it, bigot, 'cause I get wicked
Wicked man (Haha, oh)
Hear the— hear the—
Hear the— Wicked man
Hear the drummer get wicked

Yes, dem wicked, dem wicked, jus pick up di mic
Yes, dem wicked, dem wicked, jus put down di gun
Yes, dem wicked, dem wicked, 'cause we run di town
Dem wicked, dem wicked, 'cause we run di town

Yes, dem wicked, gwaan
Back wha, seen, den di one dem call Ice Cube
International superstar don gorgon style (Buck)
Way back in Brooklyn, inside of Los Angeles, South Central style
Torcha Chambas (Buck), dem run the country (Maximum respect)
And my name is Don Jagwarr, we are the top celebrity seen
Because we wicked, we wicked, we pick up di mics
Yes, we wicked, we wicked, we put down di guns
Yes, dem wicked, dem wicked, but we run di town
Wicked man8Embed
Ayo Cube, there go that motherfucker right there
No shit? Watch this
Hey, wassup man
Not too much man
You know you won, G
Won what?
The wet t-shirt contest, motherfucker!
*gunfire*

It's on like Donkey Kong
You wanted that fast buck
Now I gotta light that ass up
The nigga with the big fat trigger
Don't test me, gravedigger had to take a swig
Of the ST, remember the time we first met up?
You threw your set up, now you gotta get wet up
BOOM! PING! BUCK! POW!
Now, who's that nigga with the different style?
Uhh, ya wanted ta trip
It's all about the clip and who can empty it
First mate, they made day AK
And I'll Kurtis Blow ya ass away like AJ
I'm almost certain I'm put on the hurting
Bitch, it's curtains!
Locked in my motherfucking head
Gotta play connect-the-dots with my infrared
You in danger, Mr. Gangbanger
It ain't cool to take candy from a stranger
Wit'cha drive-bys, it took time to catch ya
But now I gotta wet'cha!
You might also like
Now I gotta wet'cha (wet'cha)
Now I gotta wet'cha (wet'cha)
I'm comin' ta get'cha (get'cha)
You better hope I don't catch ya (catch ya)
(You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger
(You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger

S-I-M-I Valley for the KKK rally
A place on the map where the order is
Those devils can beat up a motorist
And get nothing but a slap on the wrist
Gorillas, gorillas report to the mist
The fist of fury and I'ma shove em
Motherfuck the jury and who ever love em
Why you have to leave it to Beaver?
Now I'm chasing Beaver' ass with a cleaver
With the swing, swing, swing and chop, chop, chop
Get the mop, nigga
'Cause tonight we're having chopped liver
And I'ma cut out'cha heart
Start the frying pan for the devil à la carte
Twelve motherfuckers ya better be glad I never met'cha
'Cause I'm gonna wet'cha!
Now I gotta wet'cha (wet'cha)
Now I gotta wet'cha (wet'cha)
I'm comin' ta get'cha (get'cha)
You better hope I don't catch ya (catch ya)
(You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger
(You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger

Now wet motherfuckers are bloody
'Cause a bullet'll mold your ass like silly putty
White in the shape
A hollow point'll run up in ya like ya got raped
Coming out'cha back, Mr. Mack
Now they got yo' guts in a sack
Used to have ya crew real fat in a huddle
Now you're wet in a puddle
Here is the Ice Cube rebuttal
You ain't gotta chance, 'cause even if my bullet just glance
Ya still wet your pants
So what'cha wanna do when I got'cha ass point-blank?
Ya guaranteed to spank
Stiff as a board, ya floored
Go meet the Lord and then get ignored
'Cause you're on your way to hell and that I can bet'cha
That's why I had to wet'cha!
Now I gotta wet'cha (wet'cha)
Now I gotta wet'cha (wet'cha)
I'm comin' ta get'cha (get'cha)
You better hope I don't catch ya (catch ya)
(You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger
(You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger
(You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger
(You're all wet) The nigga with the big fat trigger
The nigga with the big fat trigger
The nigga with the big fat trigger
The nigga with the big fat trigger
The nigga with the big fat trigger2Embed
Everythang ain't black and white
Did you get your Race Card
Hell naw I didn't get my Race Card
Did you get your Race Card
Hell naw, I didn't get my Race Card
(everythang ain't black and white)
Did you get your Race Card
Homeboy when you get your Race Card
Did you get your Race Card
White boy, what is the Race Card

(I never leave home without)
Please don't believe the hype
Everythang in the world ain't black and white
Everybody ain't the stereotype
Just because I look wrong, I'mma 'bout to do right
(I never leave home without)
Please don't believe the hype
Everythang in the world ain't black and white
Everybody ain't the stereotype
Just because I look wrong, I'mma 'bout to do right

Black as midnight, or bright as snow white
You better do me right or I'm a have to take flight
Put you on ice, blast on you twice
If you a Zebra better come out them stripes
Just cause I'm dressed like I'm straight outta jail
Make more money than them white boys at Yale
And got more cents than your fuckin' president
That College graduate, he can't pay his rent
But don't call me brother man
Unless your ass got my money in your other hand
Pull that black man shit, that white man shit
But, see your suit and tie, are still get your ass euthanized
Cause I never my Race Card in the mail
Is that the reason why my life still hard as hell
I been to jail, just like Martha Stewart
And we both told the judge that we didn't do it
You might also like
Did you get your Race Card
Hell naw, I didn't get my Race Card
Did you get your Race Card
Everybody, show me your Race Card
(every thang ain't black and white)
Did you get your Race Card
Yo, what the hell was the Race Card
Did you get your Race Card
Could any body tell me what is the Race Card?

(every thang ain't black and white)
Please don't believe the hype
Everythang in the world ain't black and white
Everybody ain't the stereotype
Just because I look wrong, I'mma 'bout to do right
(every thang ain't black and white)
Please don't believe the hype
Everythang in the world ain't black and white
Everybody ain't the stereotype
Just because I look wrong, I'mma 'bout to do right

Did you get your Race Card
Did you get your Race Card
Did you get your Race Card
Did you get your Race Card
Please don't believe the hype
Everythang in the world ain't black and white
Everybody ain't the stereotype
Just because I look wrong, I'mma 'bout to do right
Please don't believe the hype
Everythang in the world ain't black and white
Everybody ain't the stereotype
Just because I look wrong, I'mma 'bout to do right

Did you get your Race Card1Embed
And now, the wonderous world of..
Hey, come to Los Angeles!
Where you and your family can have peace and tranquility
Enjoy the refinement..
Hey Bone, hey nigga where you at though?
Hello, my name is Elaine
And I'll be your tour guide through South Central Los Angeles

How to survive in South Central (what you do?)
A place where bustin a cap is fundamental
No, you can't find the shit in a handbook
Take a close look, at a rap crook
Rule number one: get yourself a gun
A nine in your ass'll be fine
Keep it in your glove compartment
Cause jackers (yo) they love to start shit
Now if you're white you can trust the police
But if you're black they ain't nothin but beasts
Watch out for the kill
Don't make a false move and keep your hands on the steering wheel
And don't get smart
Answer all questions, and that's your first lesson
On stayin alive
In South Central, yeah, that's how you survive
You might also like
Hi, this is Elaine again
Are you enjoying your stay in South Central Los Angeles?
Or has somebody taken your things?
Have you witnessed a driveby?
Okay, make sure you have your camcorder ready
To witness the extracurricular activities on blacks by the police
So you and your family can enjoy this tape, over and over again
This is Los Angeles, this is Los Angeles

Rule number two: don't trust nobody
Especially a bitch, with a hooker's body
Cause it ain't nuttin but a trap
And females'll get you jacked and kidnapped
You'll wind up dead
Just to be safe don't wear no blue or red
Cause most niggas get got
In either L.A., Compton or Watts
Pissed off black human beings
So I think you better skip the sight-seeing
And if you're nuttin but a mark
Make sure that you're in before dark
But if you need some affection, mate
Make sure the bitch ain't a Section 8
Cause if so that's a monkey-wrench ho
And you won't survive in South Central
Now you realize it's not all that it's cracked up to be
You realize that it's fucked up!
It ain't nothin like the shit you saw on TV
Palm trees and blonde bitches?
I'd advise to you to pack your shit and get the fuck on, punk motherfucker!
And you'll get your ass straight smoked
Yo I wanna say whassup to DJ Chilly Chill, Sir Jinx
Aiy'yo Cube these motherfuckers don't know what time it is
So show these motherfuckers what's happenin'
Tell these motherfuckers, don't fuck around in South Central
God dammit!

Rule number three: don't get caught up
Cause niggas are doing anything that's thought up
And they got a price
On everything from dope, to stolen merchandise
Weed to sherm
Cause South Central L.A., is one big germ
Waitin for a brother like you to catch a disease
And start slangin ki's
To an undercover or the wrong brother
And they'll smother, a out of town motherfucker
So don't take your life for granted
Cause it's the craziest place on the planet
In L.A., heroes don't fly through the sky of stars
They live behind bars
So everybody's doin' a little dirt
And it's the youngsters puttin' in the most work
So be alert and stay calm
As you enter, the concrete Vietnam
You say, the strong survive
Shit, the strong even die, in South Central
Yeah you bitches, you think I forgot about your ass you tramp-ass hoes?
You better watch out
And for you so called baller-ass niggas, you know what time it is
South Central ain't no joke
Got to keep your gat at all times motherfuckers
Better keep one in the chamber and nine in the clip god dammit
You'll sho' get got, just like that
This ain't no joke motherfuckers
Now I wanna send a shout-out to E-Dog, the engineer
Puttin' his two cents in
This is Los Angeles9Embed
Bounce it bounce it, shake it shake it
Wiggle wiggle, Make it jiggle, just a little

Baby baby can you bouce to this (bounce)
Fuck around and smoke an ounce to this (bounce)
Turn it up, we can clown to this
Throw your hands in the air if you down with this

I hear you bragin 'bout the money you foldin'
Same nigga that be kissin' my colon
When you picture me rollin'
Nigga picture me holdin', pure heat like Nolan
They call me Papa Doctor
See your bitch and i knock her
I collect them like Pokémon
From Nokishan, accept the ones with no behind
You can keep 'em, keep 'em from creepin' where I'm sleepin'
Same bitch and same club every weekend
Same drink, same dress, brainless
What would you do if i handed you a stainless
Can't fuck with a girl that's gameless
Would you tell the po-po's what my name is
You might also like
Baby baby can you bouce to this (baby bounce)
Fuck around and smoke an ounce to this (smoke an ounce)
Turn it up, we can clown to this
Throw your hands in the air if you down with this (yeah yeah)
Bounce it bounce it, shake it shake it
Wiggle wiggle, Make it jiggle, just a little
Bounce it bounce it, shake it shake it
Wiggle wiggle, Make it jiggle, just a little

Don't stop get it get it
I'm not the kind to get jiggy with it
I'm the kind to get niggy with it
I'm a show you what it's all about, trick!
Shake yo' ass till your curls fall out, bitch!
Don't pretend you can live without, dick!
Come with me ain't no doubt that i'm, rich!
Whatchoo goan do in the early 'morn
When the lights come on, and your drink is gone
Do you think you grown
Think we convone (?)
It's a party at my house i got drinks at home
Get to undressin', pull out the lethal weapon
Look you in the eye and i aks you one question
Baby baby can you bouce to this (bounce)
Fuck around and smoke an ounce to this (what choo smokin' on?)
Turn it up, we can clown to this
Throw your hands in the air if you down with this
Ounce it bounce it, shake it shake it
Wiggle wiggle, Make it jiggle, just a little
Ounce it bounce it, shake it shake it
Wiggle wiggle, Make it jiggle, just a little

Bounce, bitch, bounce wit me wit me...can ya
Bounce, bitch, bounce wit me wit me...can ya

Who that nigga that be in the club every week
Who that cheep mutherfucker won't buy you a drink
Who that bitch dressed like a freak but she won't speak
Who that ho think she is, like her shit don't stink
Who that player on the floor, sweatin' in all silk
Who that girl showin' tits, like she got milk
Who that hater in the corner, always on tilt
Who that fool in the parking lot about to get killed (yeah)

Baby baby can you bouce to this (can you bounce)
Fuck around and smoke an ounce to this (blaze one)
Turn it up, we can clown to this
Throw your hands in the air if you down with this
(if you down with this)
Baby baby can you bouce to this (huh)
Fuck around and smoke an ounce to this (dogg best C.G.(?))
Turn it up, we can clown to this
Throw your hands in the air if you down with this
Bounce it bounce it, shake it shake it
Wiggle wiggle, Make it jiggle, just a little
Bounce it bounce it, shake it shake it
Wiggle wiggle, Make it jiggle, just a little
Yeah, Ice Cube (bounce it, bounce it...)
Bounce, bitch, bounce wit me wit me...can ya
Bounce, bitch, bounce wit me wit me...can yaEmbed
Uhh, gotta get it...uhhh....hmmm....get it, get it
(baby)

Stab through the neighborhood, these spinnin'
We's winnin', scrap with the John Lennon
Headrests, TV's in 'em
Best in the nation, on this Playstation
The Don Dada, gotta get you hotter
Than a buck naked nigga smokin' water
On a Friday, the get high day
Blowin' at a hot date, findin' Shade
Black and bicantay, with ass everwhere, how you do that there?
A sight to behold, break the mold
Just tryin' to get some before the world explode
I see you tryin' to get caught
Well shake what your mama gave ya, plus what you bought
We fuck and we fought, we laugh and we cry
Told the truth and we lie

You be good to me, I'll be good to you
Anything you want, anything you do
I got my eyes on you, and I'm into you
Give it all I got, and to keep it hot
Now what a freak like you, doin' with a fool like me?
Explain it to your family
It's got to be insanity (because I like what you're doing to me)
You might also like
You know you ain't right standin' at the light
Think it's chocolate with that shit too tight
And if I fuck around and get you in the car with me
Motherfuckers would think I had a star with me
Now see the haterism increase
They hate when you got a dime piece
And I got one shotgun, and I might catch a hot one
When I'm lookin' for love and niggas got none, uhh
If you let me handcuff your wrist
Bonnie and Clyde ain't got shit on this
Cuz Bonnie and Clyde had to take a risk
But most of my money see it's all legit (baby)
It's all about your state of mind
Now what would you do if I handed you a TEC-9?
Are you feelin' me?
Would you stay down like Hillary?
Even if you thought about killin' me?

You be good to me, I'll be good to you
Anything you want, anything you do
I got my eyes on you, and I'm into you
Give it all I got, and to keep it hot
Now what a freak like you, doin' with a fool like me?
Explain it to your family
It's got to be insanity (because I like what you're doing to me)
Are you the type of girl that would call them folks
Have your man leave the house in chains and ropes
Don't need the kind of girl that'll have me in court
On lawsuits lyin' about domestic abuse
Have a bitch like Judge Judy cussin' me out
Garnish my checks, repossess my Lex
Cuz I come from a place in southern Californi'
Where hoes rake niggas for tons of alimony
But fuck the world don't aks me for shit
Unless you my boo, and I'm fuckin' you
The rest of these broads ain't knowin'
That I'ma have you bumpin' Lauryn, in somethin' foreign
Come through blow the horn
Stick your wrists out the window
And wave to your kinfolks
Let 'em know who you with
And to your crazy-ass daddy, let him know who to get

You be good to me, I'll be good to you
Anything you want, anything you do
I got my eyes on you, and I'm into you
Give it all I got, and to keep it hot
Now what a freak like you, doin' with a fool like me?
Explain it to your family
It's got to be insanity (because I like what you're doing to me)Embed
Please listen to my demo
Please listen to my demo
Please listen to my demo
Please listen to my demo
Please listen to my demo
Please listen to my demo
Please listen to my demo
Please listen to my demo
A nigga told me, the record company's the pimp
The artist is the ho, The stage is the corner
And the audience is the trick, god damn

Incredible young nigga, you can't believe I'm just one nigga
God damn i've gotten bigger
Intellect superior
Walk in a room and make the whole interior, inferior
If you look me in my eyes
You might fuck around and lose control
Of your mind body and your soul, grab ahold
Undisputed on the microphone, whatchu think
If you wink, i'll make you ich think
Did you blink, did you ever drink your own brain matter
Shotgun enema, this ain't no cinema
All praises due to the creator
--for this man here, that can't no nigga stand near--
True, inventor of the W
Whatchu wanna do, i got the red and the blue
Show me one nigga dedicated to raps
I'll show you ten niggas dedicated to snaps
Record company death traps settin' decoys
Just to pimp young b-boys
With a cup full of yak, studio contact
Maniac with a contract
Well turn up the bass and the motherfuckin' treble
About to do a deal with the devil for my vocal level
Bullshit points, plus he want to rub it in
And take all my publishin', god damn
Do i take it up the rectum
Just to rock the spectrum
Give up a right arm, just to do the form
Hell no, all you motherfukers goan leave this bitch limpin'
No more, record company pimpin'
You might also like
No more (No more), record company pimpin'
No more (No more), record company pimpin'
No more (No more), record company pimpin'
No more No more No more No more
You ain't pimpin' me (uhn uhh, uhn uhh)
I ain't pimpin' you (uhn uhh, uhn uhh)
I just wanna be free (i just wanna be free)
So what we gonna do (can i holla at you, holla at you)
You ain't pimpin' me (please listen to my demo)
I ain't pimpin' you (please listen to my demo)
I just wanna be free (i just wanna be free)
So what we gonna do (can i holla at you, holla at you)

I'mma keep it simple, it went from "please listen to my demo"
To "get your ass out my limo"
Stretch presidential
It's essential cuz the record company will have your ass in a rental
If you let 'em, You have to behead 'em
Contracts you never read 'em
CEO's you never met 'em
Sent to a attorney, Burnstein and Burney
Nigga that's his lawyer, ain't got nothin' for ya
Treat ya like they employ ya, I'm a warrior
Bite you in the ass like a Georgetown Hoya
When they ignore ya cause, you got to hold your balls
Catch a motherfucker slippin' in bathroom stalls
And then you show 'em that you ain't a rookie
Let 'em know that you'd rather have, more points than more pussy
Pimp turned bookie
Now how the fuck i get in so much debt
God damn, we just met
He said, "Welcome to the rap game"
Motherfucker be confused and broke before he know whats happenin'
You can be the star and fuck women
I'mma just play the back and keep pimpin'
No more (No more), record company pimpin'
No more (No more), record company pimpin'
No more (No more), record company pimpin'
No more No more No more No more
You ain't pimpin' me (uhn uhh, uhn uhh)
I ain't pimpin' you (uhn uhh, uhn uhh)
I just wanna be free (i just wanna be free)
So what we gonna do (can i holla at you, holla at you)
You ain't pimpin' me (please listen to my demo)
I ain't pimpin' you (please listen to my demo)
I just wanna be free (i just wanna be free)
So what we gonna do (can i holla at you, holla at you)

It went from please listen to my demo
To get your ass out my limo
It went from please listen to my demo
To get your ass out my limo
It went from please listen to my demo
To get your ass out my limo
It went from please listen to my demo
To get your ass out my limo

Mama's, don't let your kids grow up to be rappers
Unless you tell them if they gonna get in this business
They better learn this business
Or they gon' get fucked
Simple as that
Simple as thatEmbed
I got a full tank of unleaded
I got a full tank of unleaded
I got a full tank of unleaded
I got a full tank of unleaded

Now we could roll all day, if I could ride all night
(I got a full tank of unleaded)
Now we could roll all day, if I could ride all night
(I got a full tank of unleaded)

I see you walkin' and I'm damn near stalkin'
You a chicken head and I'm chicken hawkin', now we talkin'
'Bout your unlucky background
And how your ex-boyfriend is smoking crack now (wow)
I'm very very sympathetic
But baby where you headed?
(I got a full tank of unleaded)
She got in and had ass for days like
(Boom! Bam! god, damn!)
She asks me would I harm her; no, I'm a charmer
A fucking knight in shining armor
We went out and had a blast, every time she walked past
Nigga got a quick fast glimpse of that ass
("what choo wanna do after this?")
I wanna get your titties in my fist
But you wanna kiss
Your mouth might taste like dick (ewww)
And I grew up on bad WIC, trick
You might also like
Now we could roll all day, if I could ride all night
(I got a full tank of unleaded)
Now we could roll all day, if I could ride all night
(I got a full tank of unleaded)

Niggas that I know don't kiss no hoes
Niggas that I know don't buy no clothes
Niggas that I know don't fuck no pros
Niggas that I know roll coupes and fours (yeah)
Pull them panties off your hips
Pussy deep as crips
And 'bout as wide as my grip
Never ever get me with that whip appeal
They got a pants full of black steel
Am I too real?
You like dick I know you do
Wanna bring out the ho in you
I know what you're goin' thru
You already think you're cree-al
You should learn to suck this like Vanessa Del Rio
Aww, you thought I was a nice guy
But shit, I was around eight, with bitches getting laid
If I wrap my dick in plastic
Now, how wide can that ass get?
It's gettin' drastic
Now we could roll all day, if I could ride all night
(I got a full tank of unleaded)
Now we could roll all day, if I could ride all night
(I got a full tank of unleaded)

Should have picked up an old girl that I know
That's what I get for fucking with you young hoes
About to get an attitude, what's happenin?
Baby how you actin'?
Let's get it crackin' (c'mon)
No? Well then bitch you got to go
I put her ass out, on imperial
Ho slammed my door, next to Texaco
Kick my lex-o, broke my window
Put out my indo
Jumped out and said "bitch are you crazy?"
Fucked around and got lazy
She jumped in my car, took off, now I'm stuck
And all I want to do was fuck
(damn....)

I had to stroll all day, I had to walk all night
(I had a full tank of unleaded)
I had to stroll all day, I had to walk all night
(I had a full tank of unleaded)
Damn, that's what I get for trying to be nice
?
Nigga got to walk
(Excuse me sir, we understand that you have the hot shit?)1Embed
Say you little son of a bitch, what choo tryin' to be?
--when I'm big I wanna be a thug--
--you wanna be a thug, huh?! (yeah yeah)
What choo know (about) a thug, huh?! (yeah yeah)
You wanna see the bad guy?!
Look at Ice Cube (yeah yeah), that's the bad guy!
You need people like him, can point cha fingas!
Huh?! (yeah yeah) the fuck you know about this shit?!
You ready to die?! O - K A Y
Where is that, you ready?
Cuz they ain't touch the bad guy!!! oKay?--
I'm the nigga of the century
--oh, so zhuu a bad guy, c'mon prove it
C'mon, you think you bad?
How bad you are?!--
I'm the nigga of the century
-c'mon lets see how bad you are
C'mon bad guy! C'MOAWNL!!!--
You might also like
We the worsest, all purpose
You want murderers?
Well you Serve us, hattin' motherfuckers with curb dust
You heard us, don't shit make us nervous
Not even when these fuckin' feds try to serve us
Mention me, when you write it in your history
As a nigga with the key to the mystery
Grand motta ain word don't mean shit to me
Who gives a fuck what they think, and what they see
Live how I got to live
Give what I got to give
Teach my kids positive, as well as the negative
Hope to raise better kids
The world needs a seditive, pray to god that we let him live
--Cuz you bad guy!-- I'm the nigga of the century
--The diamond scruff!-- All you niggas better mention me
--Me that's who!-- It ain't no mystery
Goin' down in history, niggas better mention me
--You better mention me!-- I'm the nigga of the century
--O - K A Y !!!-- All you niggas better mention me
--Me that's who!-- It ain't no mystery
Goin' down in history, niggas better mention me
A nigga told me to keep hope alive
Survive, a 9-to-5'll get you paradise
So I tried, nigga had to swallow his pride
But look into my eyes, I'm too wise to cook fries
Twelveth grade graduation, summer vacation
Mama said get the facin' on them applications
Didn't know back then, I was too young
Public school made me dumb as a motherfucker
What should I do in my life
Reverend Price, do you got some advice
Before I roll the dice
A nigga don't wanna shoot craps, cuz it ain't all fun and games
When you tryin' to get that money mang
Gangbang, maintain or slang cane
T.V. got a nigga where he can't use his brain
What the fuck you talkin' bout, choose or loose
Bitch I don't know the motherfuckin' rules! (for real)
--Cuz you bad guy!-- I'm the nigga of the century
--The diamond scruff!-- All you niggas better mention me
--Me that's who!-- It ain't no mystery
Goin' down in history, niggas better mention me
--You better mention me!-- I'm the nigga of the century
--O - K A Y !!!-- All you niggas better mention me
--Me that's who!-- It ain't no mystery
Goin' down in history, niggas better mention me
Who am I when it's do or die
You can see a man's sould thru the human eye
Can't spend all your lifetime gettin' high
Cuz you and I got to do, for you and I
Acktin' wild as a jevenile
Now my whole life depends on the outcome of a trial
Wait-pow! these people ain't playin' now
Got to bring 85 percent of the time now
Fuck that, rather roll with the ruff pack
In the jet black, listenin' to ruff rap
See it's quite simple, you bitches ass niggas don't know
What i've been thru, the weather's presedential
The warfare's mental, I sell my soul to the lord
For the perfect instrumental
And the number two pencil
And all the hussle found in chromasones of my kinfolk
--Cuz you bad guy!-- I'm the nigga of the century
--The diamond scruff!-- All you niggas better mention me
--Me that's who!-- It ain't no mystery
Goin' down in history, niggas better mention me
--You better mention me!-- I'm the nigga of the century
--O - K A Y !!!-- All you niggas better mention me
--Me that's who!-- It ain't no mystery
Goin' down in history, niggas better mention me
--yeah, ok ok ok ok, call loko take it easy mang, choo got it!
Choo leave it the fuckin' illest nigga to fuckin' shit you!
Dess no problem withs that! gawn'na fuck dat!
June have a fuckin' heart attack
It's over! EVERYBODY KNOWS NOW!
It's no fuckin' secret
Joo know dis motherfucker, O - K A Y ?!!
It's over! that's it, die !!!
BANG !!! BANG !!! BANG !!! BANG !!! BANG !!!--
(Ice Cube - 'Pushsin Weight' sample) {4:03}
~I got that bomb...bomb...tit-tit...
Tity-tit...tity-tity...tity bomb...bomb...bomb
W-when I hit you uhh uhh uhh...~Embed
Don Dadaa, uhh, uhh, yeah
You can't see me, but you can feel me
You can feel me, you can feel me
It's the world, famous, supreme team show, supreme team show...
It's the world, famous, supreme team show, supreme team show...
Uhh, look at me

I be the one that you love to hate
I be the one that's from out of state
I be the one with the nickle plate
I be the one with the mean face
I be the one with the bad taste
I be the one that you worry 'bout
I be the one that make ya hurry out
I be the one that make your mama shout
I be the one that's the cleanest (fo' sho')
I be the one with the niggas and guns that's the meanest (let 'em know)

Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep)
I call em team tustle (whatcha call it?)
Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep)
I call em team tustle (yeah yeah)
You might also like
You be the one that we laugh at (ha ha)
You be the one that can't have that (uh uhn)
You be the one to get your ass cracked (crack!)
You be the one that's takin' live rounds
You be the one thats got to run from them bloodhounds
You be the one with the eight babies
My seven ladies, still dressin' like the eighties
You be the one that just checked in emergency
You be the one that's in dire need of surgery

Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep)
I call em team tustle (whatcha call it?)
Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep)
I call em team tustle (yeah yeah)
It's the world, famous, supreme team show, supreme team show...
It's the world, famous, supreme team show, supreme team show...

We be the ones that your woman love
We be the ones that your fellas hug
We be the ones that you jealous of
We be the ones with the big guns
We be the ones with the six-uns
You should get one
We be the ones with the dirty spirits
We be the ones with them bomb ass dirty lyrics
We be the ones that your kids like
We be the ones that make you beat your wife
And hate your life (tell 'em)
Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep)
I call em team tustle (whatcha call it?)
Supreme hustle (uh huh), I got supreme muscle (yep)
I call em team tustle (yeah yeah)
Automatic
Uh huh, yep, uh huh, yep
It's the world, famous, supreme team show, supreme team show...
It's the world, famous, supreme team show, supreme team show...

You got to Hustle or die, no lie to all my people that's down to survive
Gone and ride
Hustle or die, no lie, to all my people that's down to survive
Gone and ride
Hustle or die, no lie, to all my people that's down to survive
Gone and ride
Hustle or die, no lie, to all my people that's down to survive
Gone and ride
Get ya ride on (gone and ride)
Hustle mang hustle mang (gone and ride)
It's automatic
Ice Cube; incredible, yeah
I'm on the grind all the time
Hustle mang, hustle mang, hustle mang1Embed
Nigga the mission's to get what you don't got
The struggle it don't stop, until we drop
Krayzie Bone and Ice Cube..
The best thing in life in life is life (Uh-huh, uh-huh)
Get your mind right, and get your grind right (We gotta keep goin)
Hey young thugs (We gotta keep goin)
Get your mind right, and get your grind right
Hey young thugs..
Get your mind right, and get your grind right

Look into my eyes if you wanna know me
Before you hypnotized, homey what do you see
A figure that's just a little bigger than dealers
A hustler countin figures ain't pulled no triggers
Can you dig us, we be the ultimate lick
We's the hitters, that make the ultimate hits
Kinda floss-ey, kinda boss-ey
It's gotta be done my way, do what the fuck I say
Top of the pyramid, homey what I tell you
If you leave this Westside umbrella you hit the cellar
Bring me my slippers, black robe, and my globe
And I could rule the world with my eyes closed
(With my eyes closed..)
You might also like
See the mission's to get what we don't got
Until we filthy rich and on top
You betta go get it, it's yours
Nigga the mission's to get what you don't got
The struggle it don't stop until we drop
See the mission's to get what we don't got
Until we filthy rich and on top
You betta go get it, it's yours
Nigga the mission's to get what you don't got
The struggle it don't stop until we drop
Krazyie Bone and Ice Cube

To all the little homies that's watchin TV
I see you tryin to be a O.G. like me
Chasin dreams, pullin mo' schemes for wealth
But the best thing in life is health, be yourself playa
Fuck television it'll keep yo' ass wishin forever
You'll never get you life together
Don't talk about death, I got too much life to live
Too many orders to give -- what it is, showbiz
Taught you what a trick and a ho is (WHAT?)
Showed you what a Six-ty Fo' is (WHAT?)
Lord knows, "In God We Trust"
And everybody in the world wanna be like us (Everybody)
See the mission's to get what we don't got
Until we filthy rich and on top
You betta go get it, it's yours
Nigga the mission's to get what you don't got
The struggle it don't stop until we drop
See the mission's to get what we don't got
Until we filthy rich and on top
You betta go get it, it's yours
Nigga the mission's to get what you don't got
The struggle it don't stop until we drop

To the kids of the world that's waitin for wealth
Waitin for health, you better do for self
Homey that's yo' last cup
Forget about the fast buck; boy, get you ass up
People use yo' brain to gain
Do something that ain't never been done; and we can spend hun's
Wipe our ass with twenties, light our joints with ones
Throw away the guns, have nuttin but fun
And homey we could do that {shit}!
Police have a fit, when yo' paper's legit
We gotta get off the phone, we gotta teach our own
Send your baby to school and she'll come back grown
We got to talk to our grandma's
And she'll help us through them dark halls, and them pitfalls
Everybody know we got the world to gain
We got to stop the pain, Lord stop the rain
See the mission's to get what we don't got
Until we filthy rich and on top
You betta go get it, it's yours
Nigga the mission's to get what you don't got
The struggle it don't stop until we drop
See the mission's to get what we don't got
Until we filthy rich and on top
You betta go get it, it's yours
Nigga the mission's to get what you don't got
The struggle it don't stop until we drop

Keep goin, little homey why you slowin?
Keep rollin, little homey why you slowin?
Keep rollin, little homey why you slowin?
Keep rollin, rollin, rollin, rollin
Hey young thugs, the world is yours..
Hey young thugs, the world is yours..
Hey young thugs, the world is yours..
Yeah young thug, the world is yours..
Hey young thugs, the world is yours..
Hey young thugs, the world is yours..
Hey young thugs, the world is yours..
(get your mind right, and get your grind right)
Yeah young thug, the world is yours..
Hey young thugs, the world is yours.. (Ice Cube..)
Hey young thugs, the world is yours..
(The best thing in life is life)
Hey young thugs, the world is yours..
(I got to say it twice)
Yeah young thug, the world is yours..
(The best thing in life is life)
Hey young thugs, the world is yours..
(Get your mind right, and get your grind right)
Hey young thugs, the world is yours..
Hey young thugs, the world is yours..
Yeah young thug, the world is yours..4Embed
Look at these Niggas With Attitudes
Look at these Niggas With Attitudes
Look at these Niggas With Attitudes
Look at these Niggas With Attitudes
Hello

I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin' thanks I get?
I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin' thanks I get?

The motherfuckin' world is a ghetto
Full of magazines, full clips, and heavy metal
When the smoke settle
I'm just lookin' for a big yellow
In six inch stilettos
Dr. Dre, Hello, perculatin', keep 'em waitin'
While you sittin' here hatin', yo' bitch is hyperventilatin'
Hopin' that we penetratin', you gets naythin'
'Cause I never been to Satan for hardcore administratin'
Gangbang affiliatin', MC Ren'll have you
Wildin' off a zone and a whole half a gallon
(Get to dialing) 9-1-1 emergency
(And you can tell 'em) It's my son, he's hurtin' me
(And he's a felon) On parole for robbery
Ain't no coppin' a plea, ain't no stoppin' a G
I'm in the 6, you got to hop in the 3, company monopoly
You handle shit sloppily, I drop a ki properly
They call me the Don Dada
Pop a collar, drop a dollar, if you hear me you can holla
Even rottweilers follow the Impala
Wanna talk about this concrete? Nigga, I'm a scholar
The incredible, heterosexual, credible
Beg a ho, let it go, dick ain't edible
Nigga ain't federal, I plan shit
While you, hand picked motherfuckers, givin' up transcripts
You might also like
Look at these Niggas With Attitudes
Look at these Niggas With Attitudes (Hello)

I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin' thanks I get?
I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin' thanks I get?

Villain blows up yo' spot
Take yo' notebook, yo' bitch and yo' Glock
This motherfucker thought the coochie had a padlock
You slapped her ass, that's alarmin'
'Cause she want my Worm like Carmen
We chin check niggas, them thin check niggas
Run trains on gold diggers, beware these fo' niggas
Scarin' motherfuckers like Stephen King flicks
Makin' niggas clear the room like a dyke fleein' dick
Makin 2nd II None shit, nigga like Quik
So when I bomb first, nigga, who you rollin' with?
Fuck that ice on your wrist, fuck yo' fine ass bitch
'Cause you could lose it in a tussle, nigga, watch me hustle
Watch niggas kiss my ass without flexin' a muscle
Bitches, all in the back, they knees waitin' to buckle
Same time, same channel, don't change the dial
Niggas 4 Life, fuckin' your wife, these niggas wild (Hello)
I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin' thanks I get?
I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin' thanks I get?

Did I fall off? Got you in your room
Rippin' every "Chronic" poster on your wall off
Just 'cause I put away the sawed off
Now I got you sittin' back with a smirk
Listening with your arms crossed
Questioning Dre's credibility (What?)
Wondering if it's still in me to produce hits
Y'all be killin' me
As if I need to make mo', I got a mansion
And six cars that are paid fo', suck my dick! (Hello)
We came a long way from not givin' a fuck
Sellin' tapes out of a trunk to movin' this far up
Now we got the whole world starstruck
Made a million-plus and still don't give a motherfuck
Motherfucker, I'm Dre! I don't need your respect
I don't need to make another album, bitch, I don't gotta do shit
I do it because I want to, not to stay in the game
Fuck the fame, I'm still stayin' the same, lil' bitch! (Hello)
I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin' thanks I get?
I started this gangsta shit
And this the motherfuckin' thanks I get?

Look at these Niggas With Attitudes
Look at these Niggas With Attitudes (Hello)
Look at these Niggas With Attitudes
Look at these Niggas With Attitudes
Look at these Niggas With Attitudes
Look at these Niggas With Attitudes
Look at these Niggas With Attitudes
Look at these Niggas With Attitudes20Embed
You ain't gotta lie ta kick it

I know ya like to see me doin' bad
But I'm doin' good, fuck the police that's rollin' thru my neighborhood
Fuckin' pecker wood see me in the five speed
I don't care if his motherfuckin' eyes bleed (Yeah yeah!)
This is my weed, this is my world
Don't get mad when you see them hundred spokes twirl
Candied out while you spent yo' last on the pearl
The Don Daada, I'm hotta than holly watta
Wish I was your baby fatha, cuz I got a fuckin' head on my shoulder
And lead in my holster, face on the poster
The kinda nigga that you wanna get close ta'
But you can't so you start the lyin'
Just like that nigga that think he dyin'
Get ta cryin', snitchin' and testifyin'
To all my people if I'm talkin 'bout your baby mama
When she meet Ice Cube tell her save the drama

Yo Cube, I'm gon' have all da bitches here
(You ain't got to lie ta kick it)
Yo man fuck dem bitches, dey ain't call me back
But I just paged my auntie
(You ain't got to lie ta kick it)
Tell your mama, tell your daddy, tell your auntie
You ain't got to lie ta kick it
Tell your cousin, tell your sister, if she want me
You ain't got to lie ta kick it
You might also like
I'm a be as real as I can with this
Not just the fake analyst on cannabis
Who only say that the world is
Scandalous, without findin' out a way to handle this
Dismantle this, either with the rhyme or the fist
How the fuck we get in the belly of this bitch?
I be rich if it wasn't for the snitch
Lyin' to the enemies, bout conspiracies
I'm a say this 'till the day that I die
Seven thirty fives bring on bitches lies
While you bullshittin', I'm hard hittin' like 2pac
I keep spittin' 'till my heart stop
Young niggas tryin' to tell me that I'm played
Once they say you played, nigga you must be paid (HA HA! huh ha)
Pushin' weight since the tenth grade do my thing
Got more plaques than Jordan got rings, nigga sayin'

Yo Cube, I got the new Benz 9000
(You ain't got to lie ta kick it)
It got the PlayStation in the windshield nigga!
(You ain't got to lie ta kick it)
Tell your mama, tell your daddy, tell your auntie
You ain't got to lie ta kick it
Tell your cousin, tell your sister, if she want me
You ain't got to lie ta kick it
I hate to see your ass comin' (Yep), with your mouth runnin'
Talkin' 'bout somethin' (What?), that ain't meanin' nothin'
'Bout your second cousin (Hmm), who be always buzzin'
Where she was or wasn't, who she now fuckin'
Stories by the dozen plus you got the sequel (What?)
To let you tell it Randy Moss is your people
It's evident, your ass lie like the president
But stretch marks on your mouth is the evidence (Ha ha)
How the fuck can your friends be the benjamins?! (Punk)
And your little ass car's full of fender bends
There you go on the stand with your hand up (Lyin')
Testifyin' about a man that's in handcuffs
We should do you like the Mack said
And if he lie like a crackhead pop 'em like a black head
Let him ooze, let him loose
Let him lie by his motherfuckin' ass on the news (Yeah yeah)

Yo Cube, check out this ring, 69 karats
(You ain't got to lie ta kick it)
It's Kryptonite nigga, Kryptonite!
(You ain't got to lie ta kick it)
Tell your mama, tell your daddy, tell your auntie
(You ain't got to lie ta kick it)
Tell your cousin, tell your sister, if she want me
(You ain't got to lie ta kick it)
Tell your mama, tell your daddy, tell your auntie
(You ain't got to lie ta kick it)
Tell your cousin, tell your sister, if she want me
You ain't got to lie ta kick itEmbed
I been servin' niggas since 1985
Niggas want the gutter
Ice Cube, Jay-O Felony
My nigga Gangsta, Squeak Ru
Keep it gangsta y'all, keep it gangsta

Niggas want that gutter shit
Fuck that other shit, that play it for your mother shit
Ain't the rugged shit
Niggas want that gutter shit
Fuck that other shit, that play it for your mother shit
Ain't the rugged shit

Keep it gangsta y'all, I want to thank you all
Niggas comin' with that bullshit, it's gankin' y'all
We can ride to this kinda shit and bank them all
Nigga ball 'till you fall motherfucker thats all
Can't none of y'all hang with me puttin' in work
Turn this motherfucker up unless you goin' to church
Nowadays, crazy ass bitches want they bills paid
But can't even make a good thang of kool-aid (Ha ha)
But chicken heads get chicken feed (Bahk bakh)
Lil' dick and weed (Bahk bakh)
Everything that a chicken need (Bahk bakh)
Tryin' to pot I get real as Chris Rock
Make a bitch hot, turn into Fort Knox (Bitch know)
It's Ice Cube comin' straight from the gutter
West Coast Don, you fags did I st-tutter?
You might also like
There is sa-lethal in the gas chamber
I'm full of anger, nigga the west is in the house
But you still in for some danger
And when I'm thru, I take your bitch and finger bang her
But if she looks tossed up, I'll slang her
Beat you like mama dearest with a clothes hanger
Cuz the gang a niggas be tryin' to spit
But you can't spit it like this
I come equipped to rip, any battle
And leave him strung in his crew
But they put me in the twist like Trump
I can collapse or puncture, the lungs of anyone
Give him a chance to spit his last word, unnerve
Then he done
20/20 ain't good enough
Rappers they ain't seein' me, this Jay-O Felony
And nobody can stand three of me
Caution keep MC's out of my reach, I'm on a mission
And be gettin' to your fuckin' hide to be called a physician
Immediately, I puts it down at a show (Jay-O)
But loked to choke the shit out a fool, nigga that's all you know

Keep it gangsta y'all, keep it gangsta (Keep it gangsta)
Keep it gangsta y'all, keep it gangsta (Keep it gangsta)
Keep it gangsta y'all, keep it gangsta (All my life)
Keep it gangsta y'all, keep it gangsta (All my life)
I'm sick of these rap niggas lyin' 'bout they rich (What?)
Lyin' 'bout they bitch (What?)
Lyin' 'bout they dick (What?)
I'm sick of these rap niggas lyin' 'bout they hits (Huh?)
Lyin' 'bout they whips (Huh?)
Lyin' 'bout they six (Yeah)
I'm sick of these rap niggas lyin' 'bout they clothes (Brrrmmph!)
Lyin' 'bout they hoes (Uhh)
Lyin' 'bout they rows (Uhh)
I'm sick of these rap niggas lyin' 'bout they house (Punk!)
Lyin' about they clout (Yeah)
Lyin' up in they mouth (Yeah yeah)

It's the Mah-hurage-ny, my niggas; kamikaze
Illuminati, bitch hoes in they body
We the riders, we push like Maseratis
Do karates, on haters, and you hotties
Fuck the party, come on, my niggas focus
We the richest, pretend that we the brokest
Niggas notice, as soon as you're checking quotas
We the coldest, so go and tell the rollers (Biotch!)

Who dat? next out the game, in blue kahks
Gangsta's the name, niggas wonderin' how I do that
By the thug way, package and transportin' the drug way
Only means of makin' a livin', the Crip and Blood way
I'm on grates when I'm grindin'
I'm on stakes when I'm dinin'
And on Sunday's on the wine
Is you can't calm the savage beast (Never)
And I can make your birds rise like yeast, K-Mac tell 'em
You sell 'em, I swell 'em, loke (Sell 'em loke)
Hard or soft determines how much a nigga sell 'em for
We got the fish scale texture (Fish scale)
Now if you cook it yourself you get extra
Dub that shit to death with this dub thang
Only a few niggas left with this love mang
So we cop together (Yeah), put it in the beeker
Rock together (Uhh), claim blocks together
And fuck cock together, nigga (Brrrph!)
Niggas want that gutter shit
Fuck that other shit, that play it for your mother shit
Ain't the rugged shit
Niggas want that gutter shit
Fuck that other shit, that play it for your mother shit
Ain't the rugged shit

Look in my eyes
I see the dollar sign dog, and my dick start to rise
Got to handle money, got to stack the money (Tell 'em)
Buzzin' like a bee cuz I crave for the honey
Million dollar tickets make bitches look wicked
So you innocent hoes, ain't got to lie to kick it
I know your nose (Uhh), can smell my decimals (Yep)
The fiend for the green, keep you itchin' in your pantyhose
Your eyes full of gleam (Brrrmmph!)
You wanna get on my team, and live my dream
Captain of the ship is what I'm boastin'
Hit the three wheel motion, I'm the shit when I'm coastin' (Uh huh)
Down the boulevard, flossin' hard
Lights hit the chrome, don't go lick 'em like a movie star
Money makes me a savage (What it do?)
Shit, I brake down the world for the cabbage (Squeak Ru)

Keep it gangsta y'all, keep it gangsta
Keep it gangsta y'all, keep it gangsta
Keep it gangsta y'all, keep it gangsta (All my life)
Keep it gangsta y'all, keep it gangsta (All my life)

Niggas want that gutter shit
Fuck that other shit, that play it for your mother shit
Ain't the rugged shit
Niggas want that gutter shit
Fuck that other shit, that play it for your mother shit
Ain't the rugged shit3Embed
Supreme gangsta shit
We dream gangsta shit
Yes
Yes
Yeah, what is it?
What is it? (Doctor, is everything alright?)
Yes, I'm straight, go to bed
Yeah
Yeah
It's alive!

It's pourin' rain, thunder and lightning
Clash of the titans, I'm home writin'
Gangsta rap has arrived, I'm the only man alive
October 31st, 1985
Hard times just got harder
Adolescent Ice Cube, the shit starter
A martyr, thanks to the father for bein' this mean
At sixteen, raps feel like the bitch scream
You learned about your triple beam from me
And stopped payin' for pussy and hit that ass for free
A little G never thought that I could change the world
With a attitude, a Raider jacket and a Jheri curl
Got every girl wantin' to do me, screw me
"Boyz-n-the-Hood", the first rap, the first movie
Ooh-wee, it's alive
So what you gon' do 24/7, three sixty-five?
You might also like
Dr. Frankenstein
Dr. Frankenstein

Ooh-wee, it's alive
You better run and hide, cover your ears and your eyes
Ooh-wee, it's alive
You better run and hide, cover your ears and your eyes

The world had to bow to this new style
Dial 9-1-1, makin' more money than the law allow
But fuck the police, they can get deez
Now who was sayin' shit like that before me?
Nobody, but everybody wanna take the star place
And be Scarface in the car chase
Illegitimate, counterfeit
Even got white boys talkin' shit off the shit I invent
No-no, motherfuckers musta took a photo
Tryin' to call my gangsta shit mafioso
But who ya usin'? Fool, it ain't no solution
To the evolution of pimps and prostitution
I cuss, scandalous, I give a rush
To niggas who mind turn to mush, smokin' on brush
Hush, I'm just a lush for this Hen
Chrome electroids connected to my pen
When blowin' motherfuckers ain't knowin' what we goin' through
Spiritually, lyrically showin' you
They call me America's most-hated
Gettin' liberated by this monster I created
Dr. Frankenstein
We love to bump you, Frankenstein
Your shit is the best
Take my body and my mind
Don't fuck with the stress
Hit me with that game to win
If you want, hit me again
We love you, Frankenstein
We love you, Frankenstein

Now how many times did a nigga have to warn ya?
You fuckin' up the formula (Call the coroner)
It's outta hand 'cause sucker-ass niggas like you
Try to pay the rent off my blueprint
New, sent to the industry
You thought my shit was biodegradable, uh-uh, it's unfadeable
Unstoppable, runnin' through your suburbs
Incredible thug words
We gets down, nigga, do the Monster Mash
And watch a nigga like me collect monster cash
'Cause I'm sittin' with this bitch who got monster ass
Keep 'em wonderin' how long the don will last
And never pass, and when I wanna butter the toast
Can't no nigga see Ice Cube on no coast
So all you gotta do is focus
And see that I'm the fuckin' locest with this hocus pocus
Dr. Frankenstein
Dr. Frankenstein, uh

Ooh-wee, it's alive
You better run and hide, cover your ears and your eyes
Ooh-wee, it's alive
You better run and hide, cover your ears and your eyes
Ooh-wee, it's alive
You better run and hide, cover your ears and your eyes
Ooh-wee, it's alive
You better run and hide, cover your ears and your eyesEmbed
Yay-yay
Get your ass up and hurr' up, uh
Ice Cube, baby
Ninety-nine, baby
I'm on the grind, baby
All the time, baby
Show me something

You can do it, put your back into it (Uh)
I can do it, put your ass into it (Uh-huh)
You can do it, put your back into it (Yeah)
I can do it, put your ass into it
Put your back into it, put your ass into it (Brr)

Tick, tick, boom, hear me banging down these back streets
Bumpin' Blackstreet, treated like a athlete
Life ain't a track meet (No), it's a marathon
Fuck the cemetery that a nigga get buried on
We be clubbin' 'til the day we die (Yay-yay)
Nigga, ask the bartender if you think we lie
But if you think we high, nigga, think again
'Cause when it's sink or swim, you got to think to win (Uh-huh)
And if I drink this Hen', everybody'll know it
'Cause I ain't going for it, so pray to the Lord
That I don't pull out, cuss out and bust out
Go the nigga route (Click, click, click, click, click, click, click, click), make the trigger shout, uh
You can try to smoke an ounce to this
While I pronounce this shit, baby, bounce them tits
Mama, move them hips, baby, shake them cheeks
I got dick for days, you got ass for weeks (Yay-yay)
You might also like
Don't stop, get it, get it (That's real)
Don't stop, nigga, hit it (I will)
I'm gon' do it (Do it), gon' do it (Do it)
Gon' do it, do it, do it (Uh-huh)

You can do it, put your back into it (C'mon)
I can do it, put your ass into it (C'mon)
You can do it, put your back into it (C'mon)
I can do it, put your ass into it
Put your back into it, put your ass into it

Now all I wanna do is have fun with my loved ones (What?)
The thug ones, relatives and my cousins
And I got 'em by the dozen
When they buzzin', quick to say fuck your husband
This is for my niggas locked away
Extra love for the ones who ain't got no date
But when we hit checkmate with Ice Cube the great (The great)
Soon as I get a word, we can rush the safe
Fuck them license plates because life is great
It don't matter if you're rich and your folks ain't straight
I'm still coming with that underground gangsta shit
No matter how many niggas say we ain't the shit, bitch
Don't stop, get it, get it (That's real)
Don't stop, nigga, hit it (I will)
I'm gon' do it (Do it), gon' do it (Do it)
Gon' do it, do it, do it (Uh-huh)

You can do it, put your back into it (C'mon)
I can do it, put your ass into it (C'mon)
You can do it, put your back into it (C'mon)
I can do it, put your ass into it
Put your back into it, put your ass into it

I do hard core rhymin', hard time grindin'
Gorilla pimp hoes while other niggas wine and dine 'em
Gotta love this thug shit, S-Class in the mud shit
Pockets on flood shit, OG, lyrical Blood shit
I don't rent, I buy shit, niggas jealous of my shit
Unaware of this young nigga getting all this fly shit
While you're rootin' and recruitin', nigga, 6-8 hoopin'
I was in the hood shootin', plus I had the wife whoopin'
I come from Pyrex bowls and oversized jars
I'm past up stripes, I got stars and bars
No time for playa hatin', Mack paper chasin'
Kicked out the substation to the hip-hop nation
The mo' hits the mo' bigga with illegal weight figgas
Done developed the status of a Platinum-plus nigga
Bust the first bad ho, fo' sho, I can I can hit it
I keep pushing, don't quit it, don't stop 'til I get it, uh
Don't stop, get it, get it (That's real)
Don't stop, nigga, hit it (I will)
I'm gon' do it (Do it), gon' do it (Do it)
Gon' do it, do it, do it (Say what?)

You can do it, put your back into it (Uh-huh)
I can do it, put your ass into it (C'mon)
You can do it, put your back into it (C'mon)
I can do it, put your ass into it
You can do it, put your back into it
I can do it, put your ass into it (C'mon)
You can do it, put your back into it (C'mon)
I can do it, put your ass into it

Don't stop, get it, get it (Never, never, that's real)
Don't stop, nigga, hit it (Uh, I will)
I'm gon' do it (Do it), gon' do it (Do it)
Gon' do it, do it, do it

You can do it, put your back into it (C'mon, yay-yay)
I can do it, put your ass into it (C'mon, yay-yay)
You can do it, put your back into it (C'mon)
I can do it, put your ass into it, put your ass into it

We be clubbin' (Freaky gyrations, close to fornication)
We be clubbin'
We be clubbin' (Freaky gyrations, close to fornication)
Yeah (Freaky gyrations, close to fornication), uh-huh
Ice Cube, Westside Connect gang
You know how we do it
We put it down constantly
Constantly
Uh, uh, uh, uh
Get your ass up and hurr' up4Embed
Bottom of the ninth swingin, for my life
I'm up at the plate, going for the gate
They got my moms seated in section eight
Been on deck since my last felony
I'm that 0 for 2 mothafucka
With the Louisville Slugger
Shay Whitie, that left hand punk
Is on the mound and he coming wit dat off-speed junk
It's the Westside Hustlaz, vs these LA Pigs
You can say the damned vs the nigs
My little homies in the dugout
They looking sad, cuz fourteen niggas done struck-out
My first offense was possession of weed
Now I'm in the major leagues and
That mothafucka Bill Clinton-is a son of a bitch
Had the nerve to throw out the first pitch
I'm just trying to get rich like Trump
The home run king is now in a slump, pass me a hunk
How the fuck can I stay out the pen
When its one-two-three strikes you in
Hook:
One-two-three strikes you in
Now how the fuck a nigga supposed to stay out the pen?
I'm on a blend of gin and Hen
Everyday of my life
With two strikes it ain't right
You might also likeHe's in the wind-up
Here come the pitch
I swing, aw shit (foul tip)
They felt the chill cuz if I get on first
You know the deal - a niggas gots to steal
Like to steal home and I betcha
That I can run over, the LA pig catcher
Just because I'm black, wit a bat
They wanna send a nigga back to the warning track
Fulla count they say I won't amount to shit
But fool I can hit like Kenny Griff
With a spliff in my mouth on the cellular phone
(It's going, going, gone!)
And watch a pitcher get served
You from the LA pigs
I know you coming with a curve
Ay batter, batter is the chitter-chatter
I'm the designated hitter, a nigga
Much badder than Babe Ruth
Will I tell the truth and nothing but the truth?
Hell yea, I'd rather be shooting hoops
Cuz a niggas guaranteed to win
Against a bullshit loss and three strikes you in

Take me out to the ballgame
Take me out to the crowd (wha what, wha what)
Another nigga on trial
Keep ya peanuts Jeezuh
And fuck you Cracker Jack
I hope I never come back
I gots to root for my homeboys
If they don't win its a shame
Cuz its one-two-three strikes you in
Twenty-five years of pain you know my name
They want a nigga to run and get hung
High strung, so this pig can win the Cy Young
I'mma hit this mothafucka a mile
In the batter's box, high as Steve Howe
You can't salary cap my gat
No strike, cuz gangsta-rap is on the map
I'm like Satchel Paige wit a gauge
Or Jackie Robinson, when I'm robbing one
Of you Cracker Jacks fool I'm a mothafucking vet
And fuck yo seventh-inning stretch, so
Take me out to the ballgame
And see my neighborhood name
In your Ghetto Hall of Fame
Chorus x 3
Yea (It ain't right)
Playing people like a game (It ain't right)
Human beings, putting em in a jar (It ain't right)
For double life, triple life (It ain't right)

You know my name (wha what, wha what) x 4
If I die tonight, you know who did it (you know)
If I ride tonight, you know who did it (you know)
If they sheck me up, you know who did it (don't guess)
If they check my nuts, you know who did it (get 'em)
If they break my bank, you know who did it (yea)
If they pull my rank, you know who did it (get 'em)
If they sock me up, you know who did it (yea)
If they lock me up, you know who did it (get 'em)
If they smear my name, you know who did it
If they kill my game, you know who did it
Remember me (you know who did it)
Wha what, wha what (you know who did it)Embed
 Ice Cube
Ice Cube!
 That's Don Mega to you, you cocksucker
 I am the Angel of Death
And your name is on my list
 Sheeyit!
 Come with me..
 I ain't goin nowhere wit yo' ass
And if you put your hands on me, we gettin down right here
Don Mega
Don Mega
Join the party, I can provide the army
Join the party, I can provide the army!
Join the party, I can provide the army!!
Join the party, I can provide the army!!!

Come and hear the voice of the man they call the Trojan Horse
Ride on the outside, with inner force
Throw you off course, of course, you missed the runway
We mash, like the first kickoff, on a Sunday
Collisions, divisions of niggas, down to listen
And when we on the mission, call your mortician
Join the party, I can provide the army
First we flank 'em then we spank 'em.. I outrank 'em
You might also likeYou can call me Citizen Kane for my reign
Ten years straight, one of the ten great
Mr. Media, look inside your encyclopedia
2002, see Ice Cube
Fuck a five-star, I'm a live star
What you got to die for? Who you wanna ride for?
Fuck dying! (Fuck dying!)
Don Mega
Don Mega

It's the suspect king of the roughnecks, bonafide
Worldwide, your highness, the finest
Big as China, nigga rhymer, chart climber
Quick to send a first-timer back to his Aunt Jemimah
Physi-cal, nigga roll with the winners
After these dinners, go out and represent us
We got antennas, scanners and satellites
To see if you battle right, we got to bite
Hold on tight, shake and pump venom
Some haters don't learn till you leave lead in 'em
See the dead in 'em, rigor mortis spread in 'em
Keep your mouth shut, motherfuckin' mouth slug
See these crossed legs, quick to cross Feds
Foe to mighty one, it's the mighty son
Fuck dying, yeah
Don Mega
Don Mega
Don Mega
Don Mega
Join the party, I can provide the army
Join the party, I can provide the army!
Join the party, I can provide the army!!
Join the party, I can provide the army!!!
Fuck dying, I can provide the army
Fuck dying, I can provide the army
Fuck dying, I can provide the army
Fuck dying, I can provide the army
Join the party!
In the ghetto, in the ghetto
In the city, the suburbs.. penitentiary
Join the party
In the county
Fuck dying, fuck dying
Join the party, I can provide the army (yeayay)
Join the party, I can provide the army (yeayay)
Join the party, I can provide the army (yeayay)
Join the party, I can provide the army (fuck dying)
I can provide the army
I can provide the army
I can provide the army
I can provide the army
Eternal life baby
Eternal life
Eternal life
Hear ye, hear ye!
All connect gang members and powers
Are to meet at the West Wing
To be led into battle by the one and only
Ice Cube the Great!3Embed
(Hey)
Hey Chop
(Hey)
These haters tried to blow me up, man
(Who is this)
The Don Mega, nigga, who you think
(Ey, homie, what happened)
My whole life flashed before my eyes, man

Life...
Niggas used to come and get me
When it was time to disagree with an enemy
Pass the Hennessy it gives me energy
Packed the gat in the small of my back
Where these niggas at, I'll clear the whole pack
Talking shit cause I'm down for my set
I'm a vet, smoking on a wet cigarette
Who these niggas think they are
Wishing on a ghetto star, I represent my tar
I start busting and they scatter like water bugs
Cause these Westside niggas is harder thugs
Enslave us but nothing can save us from sporting Ben Davis
Shootin' at your neighbors
Cause sometimes I feel like a nut
Don’t give a fuck when I open you up
Hot rocks
Fly from the back seat
And busta-ass niggas run like a track meet
And if you caught in the middle
Bleed more than a little (what)
Killer King is the hospital
Feeling numb from the bullets I hum
And when they hit
Black mothers have fits
I don’t give a shit
You might also like
Fool I'm a vet you can bet
That I could dance underwater and not get wet
Check it
It's raining bullets and I'm still there
I'm still there

My house shoes get wet from the dew on the grass
Up early in the morning taking out the trash
Feeling like a loser, alcohol abuser
Two youngsters roll up on a beach cruiser
One on the pedals, the other on the handle bars
Tryna be ghetto stars
They said, "are you from the Westside is it so?"
I said, "hell yeah and who want to know?"
Me
In slow mo’, .44 slugs, face down in the mud
Puddle full of blood
Left for dead, the pain starts to spread
Now I can’t feel my legs
I meet Doctor Who at King Drew medical center
As I enter I.C.U
He said the bullet hit a nerve that was vital
I said I can’t move my legs, he said don’t try to
Now this ain’t the end my friend but you'll probably never walk again
I sit there motionless holding this pain inside contemplating suicide
At night I jerk and jerk
But my dick don’t work it don’t even hurt
Now who'd ever thought a nigga rude as Ice Cube
A'be pissing through a tube
Fool I'm a vet
Fool, I'm a vet you can bet
I can dance underwater and not get wet (check it)
It’s raining bullets and I'm still there
Young ghetto nigga in a wheelchair

Fuck a V-A they need G-A
Gang Hospital for a cripple
Now I'm drinking Ripple
Same corner, same hood I'm still there
With bandanas tied to my wheel chair
To all the hood rat hoes I'm fired
They mad cause my tongue get tired
Now everybody want to put they dope on me
Sayin I won't get searched by the LAPD
I'm sittin' in a doorway deuce-five
Depending on that to keep my ass alive
I don’t got bows but my arm's about a one-six
With fucking legs looking like tooth picks
Some times I can’t deal
Got to beg the BG's to roll me up the hill
Put me on the porch
Now I'm on the torch
Smoking cocaine
Just to maintain
Nothing to gain nothing to lose
And last night I couldn’t make it to the bathroom
Feeling like a 2-year-old
You can’t get a sip from the brew I hold
It’s the only friend to a stranger
AKA: handicapped gangbanger
There's a lot in my life I regret becoming a ghetto vet
Fool I'm a Vet
Fool I'm a vet you can bet
That I could dance underwater and not get wet
Check it
It's raining bullets and I'm still there
I'm still there
Dedicated to all the ghetto vets
For every nigga that done took one for the hood9Embed
Yeah that's cool
Er, everything closed so we just
We might as well just go straight to the hotel
And just get some rest
Let me slide this dick up on in ya

If I was fucking you right about now
You'd have a dick stuck in you (yeah)
Have to go brag to your fucking crew
On how this rap nigga dick you down
Tenderized them guts and didn't have to kick you down
Who this bitch nigga wit' you now?
Do we know about your X-files?
And your sex styles?
And all the niggas that you think about fucking
And the shit you know you really wanna do when we buzzin' (hahaha)

If I was fucking you, shit, it'd be like drama (yeah)
And you might get tripped on by my baby mama (hey mac)
So do what I tell you and everything'll be alright
You're cute as fuck, plus that ass is tight (hype)
Get the fuck on 'fore these niggas start to fight
I can see it in your eyes, you wanna fuck tonight
Give head and everything, she got a fool in love (fool)
Gave it up to me, a gangsta, after the club
You might also like
If I was fucking you, I'd be paid than a bitch
The horny weight dick gettin' laid is for chips
Bitch I'm tryina' make grips
Him in with the trojan pack 'o six
Hin the gin and juice the mix
No time to pause, gots to drop draws
Prep though a ass-spanking', breakin' down walls
With tactics, nigga used two prophylactics (double-up)
Hit the twat chopper style
Bang it up back (echo)

If I was fucking you (echo)
(overlapping) ooh, oo, yeah, a, ahh, uhh, uh, come on
If I was fucking you (echo)
(overlapping) ooh, oo, yeah, a, ahh, uhh, uh, come on

If I was fucking you, you'd be like fuck everybody
Cube, this pussy yours
Washin' dishes, rubbin' floors
Doin' chores for a nigga
Open doors for a nigga
Ridin' shotgun, holdin' forty-fours for a nigga
At the motelly, got you on your belly
In come morcelli
Niggas calling K-Mac, bitches calling Kelly
Do it like Arthur Fonzarelli, hit the lights
So we can try to reform these potential dykes
If I was fucking you, you'd be spendin' all your dough (yeah)
Buying nigga shit, that you don't even know (mm)
Credit card maxed-out
Bank account tapped-out
Writin' bad cheques (hahaha)
When I call you break your neck
You do whatever please me, runnin' burs while I take it easy
Will as you do whatever, live your life just to please me
These buster-ass niggas make the shit so easy
(He was fucking me?) for sheazy

If I was fucking you, I'd let the homies fuck too
Run up in the guts, bust nuts and we're through
Have you fiendin'
Cooch screamin, needin' cleanin'
Creamin', tag-teamin', suckin' semen
Keep it low, put it in your grill cos you love me
With video footage of you giving nigga scully (got you)
Hold it till you choked off the bitch then got gut
And roll one to smoke, grab my shit and shake my spot

If I was fucking you (echo)
(overlapping) ooh, oo, yeah, a, ahh, uhh, uh, come on
If I was fucking you (echo)
(overlapping) ooh, oo, yeah, a, ahh, uhh, uh, come on
Nineteen inches of complicated funk. hahahaha
Ango urgin', probably be vomiting dick for a week though
Suckin' on semen, hahahahahahah...
Hmmm... be careful what you wish for, you just might getEmbed
I check it in on the West Coast (Ask about me)
I check it in in the Dirty South (a-yeay)
I check it in in the Mid-West (hustle, man)
I check it in on the East Coast (The Hustle Gang)
(Look at me)
(Don Dada)
(Poppa Doc)

Check my blood pressure
They think they fresher than the Don
Prescription pills to keep me calm
Nigga, I'm da bomb!
In the black Testerosa
Sippin' on Mimosa
I plead No sir
I'm in the west wing at the Nikko
Give me cinco kilos from Puerto Rico
When I okay it
So much cheese, you got to weigh it
Never thought these niggas was the feds
"Freeze" was the sound
I started lettin' off rounds
Lay the whole fuckin' room down
I don't wanna see Your Honor
Ratha eat piranha from Benihana
Smokin' marijuana in my sauna
I done had it with these addicts and faggots
They done ratted causin' static
Bring me my A-U-T-O-matic
Oh niggas wanna se how we ride
Bitch, you know the muthafuckin' side
World muthafuckin' wide
You might also like
Make yo' hustle official
And them niggas that's wit' you
Gotta push tha issue
On the fools that dis you
Whether pump or pistol
When it's up in yo' gristle
Hand yo' mama a tissue
If I decide to kiss you

Can you dig her?
It's the bigger, seven-figure, super nigga
Wit' the triggas at yo' dome
We like to roam
Through yo' muthafuckin' home like a comb
And find the money that's gone
And we'll take you, shake you
Break you, make you take two
To your own with the chrome
Nigga shoot!
Execute, they try to electrocute
I got too much loot
Ya say I'm on yo' hit list
You niggas miss
Tryin' to turn my muthafuckin' cheese into Swiss
Rappers make bucks and I can hear it
Hard to fear it
'Cuz I know you grew up on my lyrics
It's the boss player
Never lost hair over assholes
Blast holes in you muthafuckin' tadpoles
Like a bullfrog
Nigga I'm a bullhog
Guppies get worked like puppies by the bulldog
Where millions never gave a fuck about Sicilians
Or killas on T.V. can see
We got the real ones
So check yo' muthafuckin CD-Rom
And your World Wide Web, dot com
It's the Don Mega!
Make yo' hustle official
And them niggas that's wit' you
Gotta push tha issue
On the fools that dis you
Whether pump or pistol
When it's up in yo' gristle
Hand yo' mama a tissue
If I decide to kiss you

What cha call it? (The Hustle Gang)
What cha call it? (The Hustle Gang)
What cha call it? (The Hustle Gang)
What cha call it? (Hustle, man)

Ask About me
Ask About me1Embed
I see them niggas
You see them niggas?
I see them niggas
Look at them niggas just waitin to hate (wait)
Waitin to hate, waitin to hate (look at them niggas)
Look at them bitches just waitin to hate (wait)
Waitin to hate (wait) waitin to hate

Get your ride on, ride on
This ain't the day for you to die on, die on
I'm a nigga that they lie on, lie on
See these shoes you wanna try on, try on
Yo, we can go to war with the enemy
All we need is A.K.s and Hennessy
This ain't back in the days of Tennessee
Pull the trigger and release the energy ( *shots* )
See muthafuckas run till they catch one
In the back, and it might cause a cardiac
Bitch act like he died and we brought him back
Him screamin for his mama and his sister pack
Flatline -
These niggas wanna act like
They ain't never had a full can of act-right
Make me pull out my gat, right
And smoke his muthafuckin ass like a crackpipe
You might also likeSo what you sayin, muthafucka?
We ain't playin, muthafucka
A.K.'in muthafuckas
So what you sayin, muthafucka?
We ain't playin, muthafucka
A.K.'in muthafuckas
Look at them niggas just waitin to hate (wait)
Waitin to hate, waitin to hate (look at them niggas)
Look at them bitches just waitin to hate (hate)
Waitin to hate (hate) waitin to hate

Get your smoke on, smoke on
Here's another verse to choke on, choke on
To all my niggas in the pen, get your yoke on
To all my thugs in the house, get your loc on
We can really give a fuck about a broke home
All we care about is bitches we can poke on
Nigga, what's that bullshit that you spoke on?
Better roll on 'fore we split your whole dome
Cause you're fuckin with Ice Cube the Terrible
Fuck around, I make your life unbearable
Make you live all scary and careful
Come through my neighborhood, you better tip-toe
Cause if you loud, then you might get chased down
Westside Connection catch a case now
Po-po's find your monkey ass face down
Tell your mama that you in a better place now
So what you sayin, muthafucka?
We ain't playin, muthafucka
A.K.'in muthafuckas
So what you sayin, muthafucka?
We ain't playin, muthafucka
A.K.'in muthafuckas
Look at them niggas just waitin to hate (wait)
Waitin to hate (hate) waitin to hate (look at them niggas)
Look at them bitches just waitin to hate (wait)
Waitin to hate (hate) waitin to hate (look at them bitches)
(Ain't no 'California Love') (Love) (Love)
'You can hate me now'
(Ain't no 'California Love') Ah-ah (Love) (Love)

To all my niggas with the lleyo
They rock it up like Play-Doh
They cook it up like Waco
Better do what I say so
Better lay low, cause you fuckin with a halo
Death to the niggas with the big mouth
And death to you devils from the Old South
And death to you hoes turnin tricks out
And death everyone that go the bitch route
Check it
If you infected by this record
Bow down butt-naked
And pray to God
Ice Cube won't spare the rod
Westside Connection here to mob, nigga, rob
We can take it to the streets
We can take it to the concrete
You niggas know where the Don be
You bitches ain't tryin to find me
All you haters need to shut the fuck up and get behind me
Look at them niggas just waitin to hate (look at em)
Waitin to hate (look) waitin to hate (look at them niggas)
Look at them bitches just waitin to hate (ugh)
Waitin to hate (ugh) waitin to hate
So what you sayin, muthafucka?
We ain't playin, muthafucka
A.K.'in muthafuckas
So what you sayin, muthafucka?
We ain't playin, muthafucka
A.K.'in muthafuckas
This is dedicated
To them haters
Who ain't gon' kill nothin
And who ain't gon' let nothin die
You know em
You know em
When you see Ice Cube you better holla
And pop a collar
When you see Ice Cube you better holla
And pop a collarEmbed
 With power comes money, with money comes greed
Now, if the greenbags don't stack large on my side of the yard I ain't fucking with it
This cake has got to be all icing baby
Now I know I'm taking the biggest piece
But god damn I'm the biggest fish with the biggest mouth bitch
You wanna be rich right? (Hell yeah)
Well stick with me
Do as I does, and be as I be

We be stackin chips, packin clips, mackin chicks
Laugh at tits, slappin dick, in yo' bitch (bitch!)
Makin hoes, take these clothes, from these sto's
Walkin slow, there go the po', now here we go
Parking lot to the spot, Marriott
Cause what I got to make a knot, is very hot
Who's at the do', go and check, I got the Tec
Tell him that you soakin wet, until he jet
Now lift up your fuckin dress, where's the rest
Bitch can hide a treasure chest, in her breasts
Uh-huh strip search, whip skirts
Uh-huh shit hurts, but it works bitch
You can jerk niggas but you can't jerk me
Ho I only tell you once that this dick ain't free, I'm talkin greed
You might also like
Gotta give it, gotta have it, 'cause I want it

Greed, give me everything that I need
How you gonna deal with the niggas that I feed
Greed, give me everything that I need
How you gonna deal with the niggas that I feed
We smoking weed, you and me
Looking for that currency
We smoking weed, you and me
Looking for that currency

Now bitch niggas don't mean shit, from where I sit (No!)
Magnificent blow your back out (BOOM!), if you act out
Eighteen deep when the plane soar (Uh-huh)
The bitch threw her tits, asked my clique who we play fo' (WHAAT?)
Penetrate the clouds, loud, and obnoxious (HAHAHA)
Surround the airport with feds and helicopters
Escorted (Yeah), detained and deported
Scared of the ly-rics, and when they bitches hear us
We the clear-est, you can fear us
Smile on the day of your dissapear-ance (yes), smoke and mirr-ors
Break 'em all (break), pull over and jump out
Cause I can take em all (wassup?), all bustas shake em all
I'm at the mall, buyin shit, like hot dog on a stick
These bitches all on the dick
Ice Cube ain't a lick (nope) make me bleed
And now you got to deal with the niggas that I feed, greed
(Give me more, give me more)
Uhh, uhh, uhh (Give me more, give me more)
(Give me more, give me more)
(Give me more, give me more) Greed, greed
When you get your hands on it, wanna flaunt it
Wanna dance on it, everybody want it (Uhh, uhh, uhh)
When you get your hands on it, wanna flaunt it
Wanna dance on it, everybody want it

You punks is petty, still we steady, counting 'fetti
I'm the one closin escrow (yes), with the best flow
(Do you wear a vest?) No!
Niggas hit me I'mma turn into The Crow and take a shit
On everything counterfeit, the Don Mega
Blade Runner, in a beige Hummer all summer
It'd take about twelve honkeys
To convict the nigga makin you sick, as the 12 Monkeys
Up in Detroit holdin weed court, all through the South
Picked up a ounce in Shreveport
My lead give head tunnels (boom!)
To any motherfucker disgruntled exit wound, look like a funnel
Worldwide, international jet set
My niggas love fuckin bitches that they just met
Get it wet, and you can do anything
When I'm in Paris niggas french-kiss the pinky ring

Greed, give me everything that I need
How you gonna deal with the niggas that I feed
Greed, give me everything that I need
How you gonna deal with the niggas that I feed
(I'm talkin greed) We smoking weed, you and me
Looking for that currency
We smoking weed, you and me
Looking for that currency
Yeah, Ice Cube, trillionaire
I own a mansion and a yacht, hehe
We do it like it should be does
Yeah, Westside niggas is very greedy, uhh
Death Row is very greedy
Sic-Wid-It Records is very greedy
Dangerous Music greedy greedy greedy
Ruthless Records greedy, Suave House, greedy
So So Def, greedy
Rap-A-Lot greedy as fuck
No Limit, hehe, hella greedy, uhh
Def Jam greedy
Bad Boy niggas are greedy
We all know Priority greedy as a motherfucker, hahaha
Hey got twenties on my BM, you still fuckin with a GM
What can you tell me, nigga?2Embed
Dear Momma, If some people came by the house lookin for me
I'm innocent of anything they say I done
Now I don't know when I'll be able to write you again
But I will be back to California to see you
Your son, Ice-motherfucking-Cube

Keep my hand on my gun cause they got me on the run
I swear I didn't do what they say I done
Keep my hand on my gun cause they got me on the run
I swear I didn't do what they say I done

Ghetto destroyer, paranoia, I need a lawyer
This bitch named Netoia, say they lookin for ya
Got to get the fuck out of here (yeah right)
This bitch dimmed the lights (nigga, spend the night)
Bust a quick nut, got the fuck up and got on
Cause this the same street I got shot on
So God bless the Impala double-S
I gotta holla cos I'm smokin on double stress
Tweakin, niggas be leakin, information
Got the feds seekin, incarceration
Niggas say my name popped up
Bitch hop up
Nigga close the shop up
They tryina stop up my cashflow
Leave me asshole naked (fuck!)
Gone in sixty seconds, burn all records
Nigga gettin skinny eating Denny's
Count my pennies, only got a bag full of twenties
You might also like
Listen, these Feds fishin for this extradition
I'm on a mission, fuck 'em, fight 'em, dodge 'em, ditch 'em
I gotta kick rocks, I can't pick locks
Or spend the rest of my life in a shit-box

It's so hard to get a room without a credit card
It's so hard not to let 'em know where you are
Tried to get a Rent-A-Car
Whitey laughed when I showed him cash
Had to mash 'fore he called the Feds on my ass
Went to Vegas for the weekend
Met a ho down for freakin
Hey bitch, why you sneakin?
Grabbed the paper out her hand
Am I the man on the front page? (Fuck!)
Same height, same age (click-click)
Grab the gauge, put it down the G-way
Got my hostage suckin sausage on the freeway
She say let's hit a Circle-K
Ran inside and made the niggas obey
It's like I hit the Lotto outside Colorado
Robbed the  for his wallet and my votto
That's my motto and I gotta warn ya
Before I'm through, I'm going back to California
Keep my hand on my gun cause they got me on the run
I swear I didn't do what they say I done
Listen, these Feds fishin for this extradition
I'm on a mission, fuck 'em, fight 'em, dodge 'em, ditch 'em
I gotta kick rocks, I can't pick locks
Or spend the rest of my life in a shit-box

It's my boys, Utah to Illinois
Settin decoys, so I can infiltrate
All fifty states
Can't wait till I'm back on my feet
Switch and shake this bitch in her sleep
Low key you feds can't see me
All up in D.C. with strike number three
Clownin, made a little stock to get a little cock
Now I got niggas bangin' in Little Rock
I'm going back to Cali westbound with my strikes
Don't give a fuck who's on the marin or the mic
I should've known when I seen that motherfucker in the lobby
Looking like he wanna rob me (Fuck!)
Federal, don't like no black hetero-sexual, intellectual
Tried to turn me into a vegetable
An I'm 'a sue all black and blue
When I come to-hand cuff (Fuck y'all!)
Big grey bus, scandalous (Fuck you too!)
And they can't stand us
They get excited and I tried to fight it (mama)
I'm going back to Cali for sure, extradited
Keep my hand on my gun cause they got me on the run
I swear I didn't do what they say I done
Listen, these Feds fishin for this extradition
I'm on a mission, fuck 'em, fight 'em, dodge 'em, ditch 'em
I gotta kick rocks, I can't pick locks
Or spend the rest of my life in a shit-box

Hey mama, when y'all send pictures you can't send a polaroid
Got to be the regular pictures
An' they got us in here puttin' in computer chips or something
I don't know. Like they playin with us, it's like a game
It ain't nuttin' but a game to them mama
It's my lifeEmbed
Hey wassup Cube?
Man I'm glad I caught you at your momma' house homey
Wassup man? You still got your pager right or you lost it?
(It's the curse, the curse....the curse, the curse)
Y'know my code right? I been pagin you for about a week man
(The curse, the curse) I heard about the deal ya got
Greed, Khop (The curse, the curse)
Check this out, you owe a nigga somethin man

Do the math baby, do the math (Ch-ching)
Do the math baby, do the math (Ch-ching)
Do the math baby (The curse, the curse)
Do the math baby (The curse, the curse)
It's the curse of money, once you get it, fool you got it
Buy a new pair of drawers and motherfuckers spot it
Niggas plotted, to have me knotted up in basements
Till these cocksuckers see what they're faced with
Their fantasies of a life stress-free
Full of orgies, in the Florida Keys
But this bullshit is so thick, it's like mountains
Sick of threatenin all my lawyers and accountants
The decibals, gold diggers goin for the testicles
Soon they realise, I don't invest in hoes
Sometimes it's like hell on earth
When everybody tryin to get your ass for all your worth
It's the curse
You might also like(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby
(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby
(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby
(The curse, the curse) Do the math
When you hot, they think you got more than you got
When you not, motherfuckers callin you a flop
I just laugh, the curse everybody wanna have
Before you sell your soul better do the math
I start to scream shit like "May day, may day"
Cos motherfuckers think it's all grav-ay wit my pay day
And like I said, it's the curse of money
They start laughin at your jokes when they ain't that funny (Ha ha ha!)
See this ass kissin yes man
Shakin hands with the left hand, get my weap-on, get to stepp-in
Fuck every phony ass nigga 'round me
Stick a shaft up your ass like Richie Roundtree! (Yea yea)
Got to have some gas money if you goin
If not who you fuckin? Who you blowin? Who you owin?
In '98 don't shit come free
Not even hard rhymes that's describin these hard times
(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby, do it
(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby, aha
(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby
(The curse, the curse) Do the math, ooh wee
When you hot, they think you got more than you got
When you not, motherfuckers callin you a flop
I just laugh (haha), the curse everybody wanna have
Before you sell your soul better do the math

To relax I smoke a stick, the shit make me sick
Gotta gang of new homies, and relatives on my dick
No time for drama, busters get sprayed
Bitches wanna get laid, and everybody need their bills paid (Everybody)
Motherfuckers, sweat me like a spa
They wanna kick it cos I, got the curse of mulah
Make me wanna start scrappin and look at me to make it happen
What the fuck was they doin before Mack 10 was rappin'? Tell me
(What the fuck?) how can I remain a man of seven figures
When I'm rushed by gold diggers everytime I get bigger? (Ch-ching)
Like David Banner, when I tweak I turn green
And everytime I'm seen it's like people start to fiend
It's the curse

(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby 
(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby 
(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby 
(The curse, the curse) Do the math
When you hot, they think you got more than you got
When you not, motherfuckers callin you a flop 
I just laugh, the curse everybody wanna have
Before you sell your soul better do the math 
(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby
(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby
(The curse, the curse) Do the math baby 
(The curse, the curse) Do the math

Leave your ass broke
Rabbit ears, nigga for pockets, haha he
I'm cursed! Hahaha, but I love it1Embed
"In the deep and dark bowels of the underworld
Order must be maintained
Without a strict and unforgiving chain of command
Chaos is inevitable."
Whassup youngsta?
Since you the new booty, and don't know nothin
I got to show you bout the peckin order
It's the order in how we do things and move things
See, somebody gon' tell you what to do
After I tell that motherfucker what to do
It's the peckin order (*echo*)
It's the peckin order (*echo*)

We got the power to make you niggas sour
Big fish whale like Ichikowa, steppin out the shower
It's the peckin order, ask ya daugther how we peck
Inspect, high class ass to projects
Push my Lex through the California rain, gutter lane
Infamous schemes on the brain
For my connect gang, put a strain on every link
In our chain, that's right - we all get arraigned
Takin sworn notes to makin c-notes
Knowin all the while that bullshit floats and niggas don't
So nigga don't - gangsta paradise ain't nuttin nice
Yeah we livin so trife we need Je-sus in our life
You might also like
It's the peckin order
It's the order how we do things
And move things, only fuck with the true things

Havin heavy intercourse with the world of depression
Messin with the wrong bitches never learn our lesson
Stressin, no guessin, never question
Even when we playin, we testin, confession
Do you still wanna meet where the killers eat?
Held accountable for anythang you repeat
It's the peckin order, ask your daughter how we peck
When we smoke you, it's your best friend you suspect

It's the peckin order
It's the order how we do things
And move things, only fuck with the true things

Now c'mon, come on potnah, c'mon (it's the peckin order)
Fuck that, I don't wanna hear none of that shit man
All that cryin and beggin and shit
To be honest wit you that shit really don't even
Affect me in no kind of way potnah
You wastin your muthafuckin time (it's the peckin order)
Let's get this shit goin, let's get it over with
C'mon back here, back here
I can't make no motherfuckin mess right here
Check this out homie, make it easy on yourself
I know you want a motherfuckin open casket
Where your peoples can see you and kiss on you
But you done piss me off
And I'mma blow noodles out your motherfuckin head
And ain't none of that happenin after that
So, c'mon back here, c'mon, right - c'mon, ay
But you know, one more thing before I do this {*BLAM!!*}
It's the peckin order (*echo*)
It's the peckin order (*echo*)
It's the peckin order (*echo*)3Embed
Whassup Cube dog?
I got this bitch-ass nigga right here
Y'know, fuckin with this tramp-ass bitch
Puttin her before the scrill' all the time, yaknowhatI'msayin?
Man I got this nigga transcripts and every-mother-fuckin thang
Tellin this bitch all my mother-fuckin business
Puttin ass over cash everyday
Nigga fuck that, this Westside

Be gone you, fuckin' peon, got the Don furious
Talkin on the phone got the Federal curious
I'm serious! I don't give a fuck where he is
Snatch him out the factory, bring his ass back to me
How the fuck you think I got the NAME Bossalini? Punk
Mack God Rap Genie, you can't see me
Up in this game ever since you was a lame
Y'all train at my school, nigga I rule
You never make me holla, smokin' on a fifteen dollar
From across the water, watch your daughter
She might catch the Holy Ghost from this rap sermon
While you vermin smokin' Sherman, I'm rollin' somethin' German, bitch
Money earnin' makin' mo' money (ching ching)
Enemies look so funny, with they clothes bummy
Don't need no honey, that's right
Cause I'm thinkin' with my big head, FUCK what my dick said!
You might also like
We puttin' cash over ass, each and every day
Go on let the players play... (the hustlers)
(We some money makin' motherfuckers.. I know that you love us!)
We puttin' cash over ass, each and every day
Go on let the players play... (the hustlers)
(We some money makin' motherfuckers.. I know that you love us!)

Now, who's that nigga got these bitches lookin' silly? Me!
I'm the Big Willie for really, the real dilly
You can ask Phillie cause I got a year's supply (Yup!)
You must want to die, don't get the lye
After dark up at Griffith Park, shallow grave
For the mark check his heart, the game about to start
Big thangs automatic pu-tang (automatic)
Keep your mind off them bitches, eyes on your riches
If it twitches give it stitches
If it jiggles or switches, fuck and take pictures, now
I'm livin' in a two-point zone, and I'm still bumpin'
Call me in the clutch, ain't lost my touch
Nigga what? on the microphone
If I drove it in the video, bitch, I can drive it home
Tight as a Corleone
You got to get your own, baby get on, now
We puttin cash over ass, each and every day
Go on let the players play.. (the hustlers)
(We some money makin motherfuckers.. I know that you love us!)
We puttin cash over ass, each and every day
Go on let the players play.. (the hustlers)
(We some money makin motherfuckers.. I know that you love us!)

Get your ass up and go to work, cause you know
On payday, nigga that shit gon' hurt
Fuckin with a skirt instead of handlin' your business
Rich dude, now you got to make three wishes
I'm suspicious, of any motherfucker puttin' fuck over finance
'Specially fuckin up my plans
I'm the boss, I can be late
But you'll never see her and me, over currency
Givin you the third degree, cause you got
Too many broke bitches and you like bankin' for a penny
Stop fuckin on them dum-dums
Find one with some ass and some income
Who wanna win? Who wanna spin?
Who wanna make, twenty-five eight? Me
Ice Cube the great.. pushin' rhymes like weight

We puttin' cash over ass, each and every day
Go on let the players play... (the hustlers)
(We some money makin' motherfuckers... I know that you love us!)
We puttin' cash over ass, each and every day
Go on let the players play... (the hustlers)
(We some money makin' motherfuckers... I know that you love us!)
We puttin' cash over ass, each and every day
Go on let the players play... (the hustlers)
(We some money makin' motherfuckers... I know that you love us!)
We puttin' cash over ass, each and every day
Go on let the players play... (the hustlers)
(We some money makin' motherfuckers... I know that you love us!)
Never put that ho, in front of that dough nigga
For what? (Never... fuck a bitch nigga)
For what? She ain't gon' love you if you ain't got no dough fool
(Bitch fuckin with me got to be workin', gettin' paid yaknahmsayin?)
Gotta come up, scrilla scrilla y'all (Never ass over cash nigga)
Scrilla scrilla y'all (We greedy)
Cha-ching! (She can get some CD's, push some keys)
Cha-ching! (Ha ha ha, make the bitches shake they tit-ties)
Cha-ching, cha-ching! (Over my knee)
Cha-ching, cha-ching! (Never ass over cash)
Never ass over cashEmbed
"He has indicated to us that he has sufficient.. firepower..
To.. blow up the Bradley vehicle..
And in fact his words were
'We are ready for war.. let's get it on'"

War.. "War, and peace"
Sing it!

War and peace... (Sing it!)
War and peace, forever!
War and peace, together.. always!

I'm at the highest peak, still glad the meak is understandin me
Artillery, thoughts of killin me is just a fantasy
The man in me is ready for war, like Holyfield/Tyson IV
A gang against you niggas on the shore
Either or, your whole family is on the floor
Windows breakin all around em, you can't climb this mountain
I'm at the fountain, with my troops
I start screamin at em like Patton, we gattin at you fools!
You might also like
War and peace... (Sing it!)
War and peace, forever!
War and peace, together.. always!

Negotiate... strategy is the key!
I hope they ain't... exclusively after me!
Cause if they are... we gots to be who we be!
And make a star... out of a head enemy!
The papers said... that he died tragically!
They found his head... with no legs and bo-dy!
We made a pledge... to the Dub-S-C!
Bloodshed... if they got no love for peace!
Sing it!

War and peace... (Sing it!)
War and peace, forever!
War and peace, together.. always!

I'd rather break bread than uhh, break your head
Break your legs, have em broken, I ain't no joke
Don't provoke, the gun smoke from the highest Loc
Eternal peace, for my peoples and my folks
My crips and my bloods, criminals and my thugs
Just show a nigga love when I'm rollin on them dubs
Just, give a nigga hugs, we can ride on this piece
Westside for Life but still down with the East
Sing it!
War and peace... (Sing it!)
War and peace, forever!
War and peace, together.. always!
War and peace... (Sing it!)
War and peace, forever!
War and peace, together.. always!
After the haters attempt to blow up his car
We find our hero, Ice Cube, on the ground
Bruised, but not beaten
He pulls out his cell phone.. WITH THE CHIP!
And begins to dial Mack One-Oh
Who's faded and rolling through Inglewood
With Mr. Short KHOP
Words.. are spoken1Embed
(Hey did you hear that?)
Yeah just get the fuckin door *car door opens and closes*

Limos, demos and bimbos! (Hey slow this motherfucker down man)
Limos, demos and bimbos! (ugh ugh ugh ugh)
Hit the sunroof, and let's contemplate the freaks we can run through
Got the chauffer pullin over
Snatch one inside, she wanna ride with this mission
Close the partition, he like to listen
All fuckin, no kissin, just smokin and drinkin
Super vets in a super stretch Lincoln
Thinkin bout the good ol' days of hip hop
In its purest form before the eye of the storm
I could give a fuck about you hatin, on my way
To the Colliseum with seventeen-five waitin
They scream for the limousine, it's all clean
Tinted, your shit is rented, you know we spend it
While you worry bout the five mics, I'm in the limelight
Wit movies comin out, yo' time is runnin out
I just finished doin "Live At The Apollo"
Indication from my driver damn we're bein followed
 You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life
 I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life
 You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life
 I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life
You might also likeLimos, demos and bimbos! (I'm only fuckin with the...)
Limos, demos and bimbos! (I'm livin so trife, ugh ugh ugh ugh)

Caught him in motion, had me potent, let him know about the showin
And how I'm knowin to keep it cracked open
Cans of ass-beatin, plus on how I crash meetins
And have your whole staff leavin half-breathin
Got shit to hold my own, big bucks
But Khop's soon to run it through em, nigga check nuts
Put to the test then put two to rest
Wiped out with lights out, two to the chest
Hold it now tell a few, legitimate
We loaded, for revenue, let's get this shit
And split this shit for three days, count it three ways
Nigga fuck what he say, havin heat pays
It's all about the thoroughbred, top choice with the voice
That keep twats moist
Mr. Short Khop expected the truest, dare you niggas step to us
I stay connected til death do us
 You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life
 I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life
 You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life
 I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life
Limos, demos and bimbos! (I'm only fuckin with the...)
Limos, demos and bimbos! (I'm livin so trife I need JESUS, JESUS)

The alley was pitch black, I'm in the back of this black Lac
These fuckers pull up in a Ac
They don't understand the impact
Two thousand dollar three-piece suit, can you spend that?
They call me the Don Mega (Don Mega) *motorcycle speeding past*
Cos I'm down to play a double-header in stormy weather
Superstar, goddamn them niggas got me
Stop the car and blast the paparazzi *gun shots, motorcycle*
 You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life
 I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life
 You're livin so trife you need Jesus in your life
 I'm livin so trife I need Jesus in my life
Limos, demos and bimbos! (I'm only fuckin with the...)
Limos, demos and bimbos! (I'm livin so trife I need Jesus, ugh)Embed
Damn, what you doing over here?
Wassup?
Yeah I was thinking about you the other day
And I was thinking I should have never fucked wit' your ass
I should have left you right where I found you
My bad (echo)

When I was wit you all you ever do was bitch
Talk shit, but you could suck dick
So I didn't sweat all the fussin' and cussin'
On New Year's Eve, the night I was bussin'(wow)
I would stress and strain to mantain
And didn't need to hear your motherfuckin ass complain
About niggas in the house (mm), feet on the couch
Talkin' all loud (yeah), blunt in my mouth (yeah)
Bitch I got fifty cents on this genesis
Talkin' 'bout niggas got to vacate the premises
(She ??) Homie history
An' outa nowhere your ass got heart
Poured out the pub, then you got drugged
We at it again, I tried to count to ten
There's no end to your naggin'
You can't treat me like I'm faggin', ho
You see I'm saggin' (no)
Why I gotta act like a motherfucking asshole (why)
To be king of my motherfucking castle
You'll never be the misses (never)
Breakin' all my dishes
And fuck all my X-bitches
You might also like
Fuck you, fuck you and fuck you
The world ain't yours, the world ain't yours
Fuck you, fuck you and fuck you
The world ain't yours, the world ain't yours

On an' off, off an' on, bitch I'm grown
So stop playing on my phone (stop)
It was a time we used to bump and grind
And find heaven (ahh)
Without a motherfucking reverend
Manage troiges and bomb-ass massages
And dreams of three-car garages
You say I'm cheating when I'm up at the studio
Come to find out you the ho, oh
And you was way out
Talkin' 'bout rap, was gonna play ya
And I was wasting my time writing rhyme (hahaha)
You made yourself loud and clear
You wanted me to choose between you and my career (bitch)
Started fucking with this baller named Chris
Couldn't resist the Rolex on his wrist
I kept on writing my raps with profanity
Now I'm on tour fucking bitches like vanity
You tried to diss this, now you miss this
And the first and fifteenth is like Christmas
Send me naked pictures but give it a rest
With Mrs Ice Cube tatood on your breast
Now you at the back door of my show
Dressed like a ho, aksin' could you blow (no)
Hell no but it's still delicious
Went from rags to riches
And fuck all my X-bitches
Fuck you, fuck you, especially you
The world ain't yours, the world ain't yours
Fuck you, fuck you, especially you
The world ain't yours, the world ain't yours

Now I hear you sayin' "Yeah I used to fuck 'im"
Not lettin' 'em know I was a young buck then
Niggas aksin' me "Man, did you love her?"
Loved her stupid ass enough to fuck her with a rubber (bitch)
Now I hear, I'm your big brother (who?)
Second cousin, friend
Bitch since when?
Incest ain't the way I swing (nah)
Never bought your ass a goddamn thing
That I had to pay for
I was hateful
Ungrateful (uh) and never faithful
Fuckin' everything that I could get my paws on
Walkin' through hell with gasoline draws on
Now I'm on the mic, music is my life
Kids and a wife, heard you was a dyke (damn)
It's your thing if you like the switches
But it's my world and fuck all my X-bitches
Fuck you, fuck you and fuck you
The world ain't yours, the world ain't yours
Fuck you, fuck you, especially you
The world ain't yours, the world ain't yours

Never go down the same road twice
Advice from the big homie Ice Cube
Hmm, girl you better get away from here
I don't want that shit no more
Na,na ahem, and don't be callin' at my mama' house neither
I'm through wit' you. I'm through wit' you
I done got smarter. I done got smarter
I ain't fuckin' wit' your daughterEmbed
I damn near had to wreck a ho
Yellin through the screen do' (HEY, let me in!)
(Big Daddy got a fifth of gin, and down to sin)
Baby up in two-ten, is on a nigga
Bendin over pickin up her mail, she can tell I'm dyin to get her
I'm sittin in yo' livin room, slash kitchen
A nigga ain't tryin to be the fuckin groom so stop bitchin
*knock knock knock* I like the way that ass is switchin, answer the do'
Some nigga in a eighty-kay, yo' baby daddy
Lookin like he mad at me (what) wit'cho name on his neck
Here we go with mo' drama in the projects
Wait a minute, who is this motherfucker?
You better take his ass in the back, and start talkin
Nick that bud 'fore it bloom, and start stalkin
I can hear you guys yellin *glass breaks* a little strugglin
Youse a FOOL if you think that I'm jumpin in
That nigga jet, smokin on a ciggarette
You say domestic shit, get you soakin wet?
Well come widdit and get it, blow my socks
While I'm drinkin all the Kool-Aid, watchin Jamie Foxx
I'm hearin mo' knocks *knock knock knock*
(Oh, that's just my people
They came all the way to the projects to meet you) Who?
This fool wearin black, his girl, in the see through
Distraction, a little action, *fight ensues* I woke up
Tied up like (What happened? Punk you shoulda stuck to rappin
Niggas tell me you got a house full of platinum..
Where the platinum at motherfucker?
I hear that shit worth more than gold!)
You might also likeWait a minute motherfucker, this my house!
Once upon a time in the projects (3X)
Once upon a time, once upon a time
I'm like baffled, they got me gaffled, with the duct tape
So I remain raw, in come this chainsaw *knock knock knock*
Another knock, it's the girl from two-ten
Here to drop salt, that's when them bitches fought
I thought, "I bet-ta plan my escape"
In the midst of this commotion, Ice Cube is breakin tape
I'm free, bombin on the first thing I see
And guess who walk in, with a nine, and a grin
It's the baby daddy he ain't playin, *gunshots*
He started layin everybody down, about face with a frown
I'm runnin to the bedroom, I lock the do'
And grab the phone, the bitch phone ain't turned on
I think I'm gone, that's when I hear a soft knock
It's the girl from two-ten, with her number, and a Glock
Said, "Call me up, if it's for sex, or chin check
Nigga get you a real ass bitch from the projects!"
And I just might do that
Once upon a time in the projects (3X)
Once upon a time, once upon a time1Embed
Yeah, yeah
Blaze one for the nation
Brrrrr
Brrrrr
Brrrrr

I got lyrics that wake up spirits
They told me how to make big hits and spend digits
Can you dig it?
You fed, you dead, see red
My lead, yo head, I fed
Like you shit
I got rhymes push that shit like weight
My nigga Lincoln help me navigate
Through this hate retaliate, it's official
I got that bomb, bomb, diddy, diddy, diddy, bomb, bomb
When I hit you
Push the issue
My ghetto dope is amazin
The bitch that's with you already know that I'm blazin
Slide the number, we can slumber, on the under
Girl no wonder, you got a ass full of thunder
The frozen tundra ain't cold enough
And baby ain't old enough
For this game I'm rollin up
De-zamn it feels good to be the Don
Straight legit, while niggas like Gotti just sit
You might also like
A yeah yeah
I push rhymes like weight
I push rhymes like weight
A yeah yeah
I push rhymes like weight
I push rhymes like weight
A yeah yeah
I push rhymes like weight
I push rhymes like weight
A yeah yeah
I push rhymes like weight
I push rhymes like weight

I hold zone like a Corleone
No more fuckin with that homegrown
Hit the shit we on
The Rolleo's and the baguettes
You still fuckin with them faggots
We turn haters into maggots
Oak on the dash, but no coke on the hash
You broke ass niggas learn to mash, like me
Constantly, put the hustle down
With four or five niggas that's musclebound
Send your head to the taxidermist
Won't be satisfied, till I get my face on a thermos
You got to earn this, you can't take it
Can't fake it, got to live it, or we gots to visit
Who is it, the exquisite, Don Mega
Walkin with my entourage, I think I'm betta, makin chedda
You see me sag in my Jag, with the rag recognize the flag
You betta get back!
Everybody wanna do it like me
I got it made, been makin rap money since the tenth grade
(Ch-ching)
Since the tenth grade
(Ch-ching)
(What you need)

A yeah yeah
I push rhymes like weight
I push rhymes like weight
A yeah yeah
I push rhymes like weight
I push rhymes like weight
A yeah yeah
I push rhymes like weight
I push rhymes like weight
A yeah yeah
I push rhymes like weight
I push rhymes like weight

I keeps a firm grip on my shit when in transit
Uncandid, it's the young bandit
Fresh out the trenches, the woodworks
City of the champion, where the hood work
In search of the rich blocks, to lick spots, and kick rocks
From shattered glass, down to pick locks
Want chips by the Glocks
You niggas scramblin for bullion
And settle for crumbs and croutons
I'm out for armored bucks and armored trucks, with armed killas
Bitch niggas get swallowed by the armadillos
Ain't no harmin me, the army full of ornery niggas you can't see
So while you pace bitches and Saturns livin janky
I hangs with niggas who got patterns on they hankies
After Ben Frankeys, with the big skull and eyes
You niggas bound and nullified
Sit back and mine stack it multiply
A yeah yeah
I push rhymes like weight
I push rhymes like weight
(2X)
A yeah yeah
I push rhymes like weight
I push rhymes like weight
(2X)

Ask about me
Worldwide baby
Worldwide baby (A yeah yeah)
Ice Cube makin more money in the rap game
Than some of you can (A yeah yeah) with a bird in your hand
Puttin it down
We wanted in fifty states for this weight
(A yeah yeah)
Pushin rhymes like weight
Pushin rhymes like weight
(A yeah yeah)
Yeah, blaze one for the nation
(A yeah yeah)
You know my name
You know my name
(A yeah yeah)
You know my name
Yeah, some of you fools just got in it
And think you gonna change the game
You ain't changin nothin
I been doin this, I been doin this
Ask about me
Ask about me2Embed
We've decided to rob this motherfucker the legal way
Not subjecting ourselves to become properly owned stock
In the penal system. In the justice system"
Penitentiary, I hear you calling me (x4)

As the world turns, it burns while it's spinning
Coming to a fucked-up ending
I can't wait till the day everything in the hood is straight
And I can hit the pearly gates
Until then, the pen is unfair
Slave ships in the middle of nowhere (mama)
I lets my goddamn hair grow (mama)
Bellin' in court, lookin' like a scarecrow
On Capital Hill, they done passed a bill
Coming at me with a fucked-up deal (what)
The judge gave me a 'L'
But y'all can't tell
I wait and cry in my cell
Convicted negro, superhero
Speaker of the house
Hate the lyrics in my mouth
Bitches in the south showin' ass (mmm)
Mix-a-Lot, got hoes puttin titties on the glass
We blast in the west for example
And rap about this shit over funkadelic samples
Yo' babies see me kill a fool on TV (West side!)
And straight call me a G
You might also like
Penitentiary, I hear you calling me
Penitentiary, I hear you calling me
Thinkin' of illegal ways to get paid
But it ain't shit, got to be legit

In South-central L.A
You can buy your game from the C.I.A., hey-hey
In South-central L.A
You can buy your game from the C.I.A. baby


When the evil outweighs the good
And you only give a fuck about the bucks
The Earth will self-destruct (bitch!)
Fuck the ozone layer, bitch I'm a playa (bitch!)
Plus we got a black mayor
I get sex when I show flex (Booom!)
Port Bay Rolex (Booom!)
Which ho is next?
Treat you like a piece of meat, not a mate
Calling you a ho 'cos I'm fucking on the first date
My world is a one-mile radius
I swear every other hood is the shadiest
Could the Crips and Bloods be all rotten
When the trilateral commission is plottin'?
What you gonna do when the Earth erupts?
Some niggas gettin' nuts outa styrofoam cups (punk)
Fool you want monster swoll
But won't even think about, socking Bob Dole (punk)
Asshole from the Senate
How can you relate to a project tennant?
Motherfuck you and the Department of Corrections
Tryina' get a section of this west-side connection
 x2

Just because you gotta stay
You ain't gotta rot away
We gon' come and get you one day
(repeat until fade)Embed
Representin' South Centeral
(Doughboy)
(he be representing the West Side , he'd number one of our  best side, he holding it down)
(play it again)
Ice Cube
What is the definition of Ice Cube?
Definition Of A West Coast GYou might also like1Embed
There are seven known wonders of the world
Yeah, hehe, you about to witness the 8th muh'fucker
I got King Kong in my trunk, King Kong in my doors
My nuts play ping-pong from the noise
You can hear me from a block away
I'm sittin next to yo' ass and can't hear, what you got to say
My shit is loud, my ears is ringin
My paint job is wet, my chrome is gleamin
I feel like a vet ballin on these rookies
An old school bully, you must have played hooky
I bring it like a bookie my aggression is depressin
Don't give a motherfucker time to learn his lesson!
A LUNATIC~! Y'all know what I represent
The only rapper who wanna fistfight the President!

It take a nation of niggas to hold us back

When I bang this is dangerous, niggas go brainless
So bang this with the fo'-five stainless
And understand that you lookin at the famous
West coast rapper, who act like a anus
Hollywood! They thought they could tame this
Pitbull, but I know what the game is
Them fuckers cheat like a NBA ref
If you smoke one they'll electrocute you to death
I got God on my intellect, Godzilla by the neck
When a nigga come through, who you wanna holla at
Ghost writers hit the deck, when your boy got a tec
Where the fuck is, Afrika, Bambaataa at?
We need to take it back, fuck Viacom
Clear Clear Channel, and Radio One
You motherfuckers programmed by the programmers
That's why you gettin locked up by the do' slammers
Not me!
You might also like

They music so fluffy, I'mma stay gutter
That shit is kind of popcorn, my shit is so butter
My style never change, in 22 summers
Straight independent, and doin my numbers
This shit don't sell, you know I'm still paid
So sourpuss niggas, can drink lemonade
I'm doin it for the love, you doin it because
You need that advancement to spend on them dubs
I don't need a penny, but I need many
Don't worry about my money boy cause I got plenty
You muh'fuckers worry about flossin so much
You don't know the fundamentals you forgot how to brush!
These 32 teeth, will give yo' ass grief
Bite you like a Fatburger if you got beef
So who's it gon' be? Your favorite MC
You scared of the government they scared of me
Now what?
 * except last line changed
* It take a nation of niggas and streets of crack {*echoes*}Embed
I heard payback's a motherfucking nigga
That's why I'm sick of getting treated like a goddamn stepchild
Fuck a punk, 'cause I ain't him
You gotta deal with the nine-double-M
The day is coming that you'll all hate
Just think if niggas decide to retaliate
They try to keep me from running up
I never tell you to get down, it's all about coming up
So what they do, go and ban the AK?
My shit wasn't registered any fucking way
So you better duck away, run and hide out
When I'm rolling real slow and the lights out
'Cause I'm about to fuck up the program
Shooting out the window of a drop-top Brougham
When I'm shooting, let's see who drop
The police, the media, and suckers that went pop?
And motherfuckers that say they too black
Put 'em overseas, they be begging to come back
And say we promote gangs and drugs
You wanna sweep a nigga like me up under the rug
Kicking shit called street knowledge
Why more niggas in the pen' than in college?
Because of that line, I might be your cellmate
That's from the nigga ya love to hate
You might also like
(Fuck you Ice Cube!)
Yeah, haha! It’s the nigga you love to hate
(Fuck you Ice Cube!)
(Ay yo baby, your mother warned you about me)
It's the nigga you love to hate
(Yo, you ain’t doin' nothin' positive!
Yo, you ain’t doin' nothin 'positive for the brothers, what you gotta say for yourself?)
(You don't like how I'm living? Well, fuck you)

Once again it's on, the motherfucking psycho
Ice Cube the bitch-killer, cap-peeler
Yo, running through the line like Bo, there's no pot to piss in
I put my fist in
Now, who do ya love to hate?
Cause I talk shit and down the eight-ball 'cause I don't fake
You're begging I fall off
The crossover, might as well cut them balls off
And get your ass ready for the Lenching
The Mob is dropping common sense and
We'll gank in the pen', we'll shank
Any Tom, Dick and Hank, and get the ass spanked
It ain't about how right or wrong you live, but how long you live
I ain't with the bullshit
I meet mo' bitches, mo' hoes
Don't wanna sleep, so I keep popping No-Doz
And tell the young people what they gotta know
'Cause I hate when niggas gotta live low
And if you're locked up I dedicate my stylin'
From San Quentin to Rikers Island
We got 'em afraid of the funky shit
I like to clown so pump up the sound
In your Jeep, make the old ladies say
"Oh my god — brake, it's the nigga ya love to hate"
(Fuck you Ice Cube)
Yeah come on fool, it’s the nigga you love to hate
(Fuck you Ice Cube)
Yeah, what up, punk? It’s the nigga you love to hate
A bitch is a...ohhhh

Soul Train done lost they soul
Just call it train cause the bitches look like hoes
I see a lotta others damn
It almost look like the Bandstand
You ask me: "did I like Arsenio?"
About as much as the Bicentennial
I don't give a fuck about dissing these fools
'Cause they all scared of the Ice Cube
And what I say, what I portray and all that
And ain't even seen the gat
I don't wanna see no dancing
I'm sick of that shit -- listen to the hit
'Cause yo if I look and see another brother
On the video trying to out-dance each other
I'ma tell T-Bone to pass the bottle
And don't give me that shit about role model
It ain't wise to chastise and preach
Just open the eyes of each
'Cause laws are made to be broken up
What niggas need to do is start loc-ing up
And build mold and fold theyself into shape
Of the nigga you love to hate15Embed
My jeans feelin' tight 'cause my pockets stay fat
Pockets, pockets stay fat
Playa better know that
My, my jeans feelin' tight 'cause my pockets stay fat
Pockets, pockets stay fat
Playa better know that
My, my jeans feelin' tight 'cause my pockets stay fat
Pockets, pockets stay fat
Playa better know that
My, my jeans feelin' tight 'cause my pockets stay fat
Pockets, pockets stay fat
Playa better know that

Everybody in here know what the fuck it is
I'm a gangsta, nigga, and I put that on my kids
I do a movie, homie, do it for some bratty kids
Ain't go no problem with blowin' off their daddy wig
The first rapper to flick it and make it stick (Make it stick)
Now I'm an actor - yeah right - ain't that a bitch?
Believe that shit like it's all an act, trick
You get your ass kicked quicker than a crack bitch
It's automatic even though I'm diplomatic (What's up?)
I ain't tatted but you'll still get your brain splattered
Same niggas that's mad I never been to juvy
Be like, "Yo Cube, nigga, put me in a movie"
You might also like
My, my jeans feelin' tight 'cause my pockets stay fat
Pockets, pockets stay fat
Playa better know that
My, my jeans feelin' tight 'cause my pockets stay fat
Pockets, pockets stay fat
Playa better know that
My jeans feelin' tight 'cause my pockets stay fat
Pockets, pockets stay fat
Playa better know that
My, my jeans feelin' tight 'cause my pockets stay fat
Pockets, pockets stay fat
Playa better know that

See, I'ma ball, I might outlive 'em all
How the fuck you gon' run before you crawl? (How?)
I done seen 'em fly, I done seen 'em fall
I done seen 'em get shot comin' out the mall
I done seen 'em blow up like Kanye West
And fall out the sky faster than a jumbo jet
Crash and burn - rappers, are you humbled yet?
Surreal Life - muthafucka, are you on it yet?
Ice Cube is always in his prime (Fa sho)
Do he sleep? 'Cause he always on the grind
I got a lifetime of icing and gravy
Please don't hate me 'cause I sleep like a baby
My, my jeans feelin' tight 'cause my pockets stay fat
Pockets, pockets stay fat
Playa better know that
My, my jeans feelin' tight 'cause my pockets stay fat
Pockets, pockets stay fat
Playa better know that
My, my jeans feelin' tight 'cause my pockets stay fat
Pockets, pockets stay fat
Playa better know that
My, my jeans feelin' tight 'cause my pockets stay fat
Pockets, pockets stay fat
Playa better know that

Everybody know that I grew up in 1-11
I ain't a Crip but still I am an urban legend
In the hood, I used to count on aggression
Nowadays, a nigga countin' all his blessings
Smith and Wesson'll send your ass straight to heaven
If you think a nigga turned into a reverend
I'm a deacon, bitch, just like Deacon Jones
Come around the corner, break all your freakin' bones
Heard a voice in my head when I was on the corner (Ice Cube)
Do for self, nigga, fuck the state of California
'Cause they'll bury you alive in concrete and steel (For real)
This bullshit is a trap, I'm just being real
My, my jeans feelin' tight 'cause my pockets stay fat
Pockets, pockets stay fat (You know)
Playa better know that (Come on)
My, my jeans feelin' tight 'cause my pockets stay fat
Pockets, pockets stay fat
Playa better know that (Westside)
My, my jeans feelin' tight 'cause my pockets stay fat (Yeah)
Pockets, pockets stay fat (Come on)
Playa better know that
My, my jeans feelin' tight 'cause my pockets stay fat
Pockets, pockets stay fat
Playa better know that

Get it crackin' in this muthafucka, get it crackin'
Get it crackin' in this muthafucka, get it crackin'
Haha, you know the side, bitch
Haha, all day, all night, bitch
West Coast, muthafucka
West Coast, muthafucka
Puttin' it down, nigga, always and forever
I burn like the sunEmbed
At these up late times, hardcore funkateers before the bop gun
We unleash you a positive light. The bop gun can do you no harm
It frees yo mind, so yo' behind can follow. (Yeahhh.)
So wide you can't get around it
So low you can't get under it
So high you can't get over it
IIIIIIII, can't get over it
Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit
Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit
Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit
Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit
Well all right!
Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit
Attention all radio station jocks
Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit
Haw haw, got to be groovin' jammin' on yo box
Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit
The Mothership Connection is upon you again
Ah yaaaaaa, di-dit-dit-dit-dit
Yeah, workin' up a sweat, is it wet yet?
Ready or not, here we come
Getting down for the one which we believe in

1993, much more ba-e-ya-e-younce
Ice Cube comin' with the half ounce
Not Just Knee Deep, Jeep fulla smog
A, To, mic, Dog
Like ya behind, heard it through the grapevine
How much longer will you be mine?
And I'mma tell ya, I don't like drama
So do I have to put my handcuffs on your mama
'Cause Bertha Butt did her fuckin' boogie with her crew
But I'd rather fuck you, boo
And make you say humdrum, tweedee dum
Humdrum don't succumb when I'm done, buckin' shit
One nation under a groove gettin down for the fuck of it
Tear the roof of this motherfucker like we did last night, son
And hit you with the bop gun
You might also like
Here's my chance to dance my way
Out of my constriction
Gonna be freakin' up and down
Hang up really late
The groove I only got
We shall all be moved
Ready or not, here we come
Gettin down for the one which we believe in
One nation under a groove
Gettin down just for the funk of it
One nation and we're on the move
Nothin can stop us now
{Yeah.}
Dance, sucka, dance!
{Yeah, heh heh. And it don't stop. Sheeeit.}
Givin' you more of what you're funkin' for
Aw, feet don't fail me now! Ha ha!
Givin' you more of what you're funkin' for
Do you promise the funk {yep}, the whole funk
Nothin but the funk?
{Hit you with the bop gun, heh
Buss a cap with my bop gun
Gotta hit you with the bop gun
Buss a cap with the bop gun, hit you with the bop gun
Buss a cap with the bop gun, heh, cause I'm the top gun...}
Ready. {yep} Ready. {yep} Ready. {yep, come on}
Ready or not, here we come
Gettin down on the one which we believe in
If you hear any noise, it's just me and the boys
Playin with our toys
M-1, cuz everybody's gotta have fun
Under the sun, under the sun
So rough, so tough when I get down
The disco fiend with the monster sound
I wants to get fucked up when I'm chillin', whoa
The bigger the headache, the bigger the pill-in
You let her funk me cause my funk is the best
Comin from the West
Kickin that shit be occupied, dedicated to the preservation motion of hips
Hittin them dips, cd skips but I'm straight
As I bounce, rock, skate, now I'll toast to that
If it's rough, make the girls say
"Do that stuff! Aw, do that stuff!"
But ya got to be, you got to be a freak of the week
For the top gun, hit you with the bop gun
One nation under a groove
Gettin' down just for the funk of it
One nation and we're on the move
Nothin' can stop us now
{Trick! Yeeah!} Jus hit 'em with the bop gun!
One nation under a groove {heh}
Gettin' down just for the funk of it
One nation and we're on the move
Nothin' can stop us now
{Get up with the bop gun...}
One nation under a groove ('bout time we got down, one time)
Gettin' down just for {the fuck of it, yeahh}
One nation and we're on the move
Nothin' can stop us now
One nation under a groove (now everybody say)
Gettin' down just for the funk of it
One nation and we're on the move
Nothin' can stop us now
Here's my chance to dance my way
Out of my constriction
Feet don't fail me now! Ha ha!
{Get 'em with the bop gun
I'm a' blast with the bop gun ... heh heh
On yo ass with the with the bop gun
I'm talkin' trash with the bop gun ... yeah
And it don't stop
And it won't stop}
Here's my chance to dance my wayyy
Out of my constriction
(Yeahhh, feel the shit now!)
{Oh shit}
... hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there!
Lemme hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there!
{Oh yeah}
Lemme hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there!
Lemme hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there!
Lemme hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there!
Lemme hear ya say Party over here fuck you over there!
Givin' you more of what you're funkin' for
Feet don't fail me now
(That's right!)
Do you promise the funk
Givin' you more of what you're funkin' for
Ooo, feet don't fail me now
Can I get it on my good foot, good gawd
'Bout time I got down one time
(Can I get down one time)

Do not attempt to adjust your radio
There ain't nothin' wrong, so hit the bong
Waitin' on the double dutch bus for a ride
As the buffalo bitch go round the outside
Put a glide in your stride and a dip in your hip
Got Daytons on the mothership
And you can ring my bell if you need me to pass
The dutchie on the left hand side for the sale
Cuz nobody knows where the nose goes when the doors close
Dog chow got the hoes
Lookin' for the theme from the Black Hole
Now I'll big bang you with my black pole
Flashlight, red light, we don't like cops on the bike
Just made bail, tonight
So whatcha gonna do when you get outta jail?
I'm gonna have some fun with the bop gun

(Ready or not, here we come
Getting down on the one which we believe in)
One nation under a groove
(Here is my chance to dance my wayyy)
Gettin down just for the funk of it (One Nationnnn)
One nation and we're on the move
(Get it on my good foot, good gawd)
Nothin can stop us now
(Ha ha ha ha ha haeeee)
One nation under a groove
Gettin' down just for the funk of it
One nation and we're on the move
Nothin' can stop us now
(Now I want everybody to put together this time ... hit me!)
One nation under a groove
(Can I get it on my good foot)
Gettin down just for the funk of it
(Bout time I got down one time)
One nation and we're on the move
Nothin' can stop us now
(Uh huh, uh huh, one nation)
One nation under a groove
(Can I get it on my good foot)
Gettin' down just for the funk of it
(Bout time I got down one time)
One nation and we're on the move
Nothin' can stop us now
One nation under a groove (Ooh yeah)
Gettin' down just for the funk of it (Ooh yeah)
One nation and we're on the move
Nothin can stop us now
(Ha ha ha ha ha haeeee)
One nation under a groove
Gettin' down just for the funk of it
(Bout time I got down one time)
One nation and we're on the move
Nothin' can stop us nowwwwww2Embed
Yeah, every hood's the same
Every hood's the same, come on

They give us guns and drugs
Then wonder why in the fuck we thugs
They wanna count the slugs
Then come around here and fuck with us
They give us guns and drugs
Then wonder why in the fuck we thugs
They wanna count the slugs
Then come around here and fuck with us

I'm from the land of the gang bang
Since I was little, ain't a goddamn thang changed
It’s the same old same
Bush run shit like Saddam Hussein
I cock and aim, clinically insane
To deal with this bullshit day-to-day
If I sell some yay or smoke some hay
You bitches wanna throw me up in Pelican's Bay
Call me an animal up in the system
But who's the animal that built this prison?
Who's the animal that invented lower-livin'?
The projects, thank God for Russell Simmons
Thank God for Sugarhill
I'm putting a different kind of steel up to my grill
Y'all know what it is, scared for your own kids
How these ghetto niggas taken over showbiz
You might also like
They give us guns and drugs
Then wonder why in the fuck we thugs
They wanna count the slugs
Then come around here and fuck with us
They give us guns and drugs
Then wonder why in the fuck we thugs
They wanna count the slugs
Then come around here and fuck with us

It's boys in the hood, it's toys in the hood
Y'all wanna know why there's noise in the hood
‘Cause there's drugs in the hood, thugs in the hood
Nigga killed a Crip and a Blood in the hood
‘Cause when niggas get tribal
It's all about survival, nobody liable
I got caught by Five-O
Grandmama came to court with her Bible
But when the judge hit the gavel
Now I'm too far from my family to travel
I just came unraveled
Socked the D.A. before I got gaffled
Owned by C.A, State Property
Just like the year fifteen fifty three
Looking for me, a one-way ticket out
Don't understand, what's so hard to figure out?
They give us guns and drugs
Then wonder why in the fuck we thugs
They wanna count the slugs
Then come around here and fuck with us
They give us guns and drugs
Then wonder why in the fuck we thugs
They wanna count the slugs
Then come around here and fuck with us

Damn, I can't take the pressure
Pulled the 4-4 up out the dresser
Grabbed the weight up out the closet
Po-po coming, but I'm scared to toss it
Y'all know what happened last time I lost it
Can't tell you niggas what the fuckin' boss did
D game got a nigga exhausted
Gotta go for the plea bargain they offered
Twenty years for what?
Breaking these laws that's so corrupt
Taking these halls and fillin' them up
Some powder keg shit that's about to erupt
Aye, y'all, I'm about to be stuck
Until the year two thousand, what the fuck?
In the hood, don't press your luck
‘Cause these motherfuckers will set you up, word up
They give us guns and drugs
Then wonder why in the fuck we thugs
They wanna count the slugs
Then come around here and fuck with us
They give us guns and drugs
Then wonder why in the fuck we thugs
They wanna count the slugs
Then come around here and fuck with us

Every hood's the same, every hood's the same
Every hood's the same, every hood's the same
Every hood's the same, stop trippin on it
Every hood's the same, every hood's the same
Every hood's the same, every hood's the same
Every hood's the same25Embed
God damn
The bigger the cap, the bigger the peelin'
And when dealin' with Da Lench Mob you gots to know steady mobbin' is not just the name of this jam
But a way of life
Bound together by motherfuckers that's known to break em' off something
Give it to me
There goes the neighborhood
There goes the neighborhood
There goes the neighborhood
There goes the neighborhood

Four or five niggas in a mothership
Better known as a deuce and we all wanna smother shit
Bent, front and back glass got tint
Tryin' to get our hands on some dollars and cents
And fools can't hold us
Every chance we get, we hittin' up the rollers
Comin' up short of the green guys
And I might start slangin' bean pies
Or the bootleg t-shirt of the month
With "U Can't Touch This" on the front
I'm out to get rich
'Cause life ain't nothin' but money and fuck a bitch
They drop like dominoes
And if you didn't know, Ice Cube got drama, hoes
So after the screwin'
I bust a nut and get up and put on my white Ewings
I'm out the door
All you might get is a rubber on the floor
'Cause I'm ready to hit the road like Mario Andretti
Bitch, cause I'm steady mobbin'
You might also like
Have you ever seen such a sight in your life?
Steady mobbin'
Have you ever seen such a sight in your life?
There goes the neighborhood

Bustin' caps in the mix
Rather be judged by twelve than carried by six
'Cause I'm gettin' major
Fuck PacTel, move to Sky Pager
Told all my friends
Don't drink 8-Ball 'cause St. Ides is givin ends
Fools get drunk and wanna compete
Slapboxin' in the street
Niggas get mad, tempers are flarin'
'Cause they got a few bitches starin'
Just for the nappy heads
But scandalous bitches make for happy feds
I make it my duty to cuss 'em
Out 'cause I just don't trust 'em
And if you tell on me I'm bombin' on Betty
Bitch shoulda known I was steady mobbin'

Have you ever seen such a sight in your life?
Steady mobbin'
Have you ever seen such a sight in your life?
There goes the neighborhood
Since one-time so hot
Got me a stash spot in my hooptie for the Glock
'Cause I'm rollin' on rims
Eating soul food, neckbones from M&M's
Grubbin' like a motherfucker
Greasy-ass lips, now I gots to take a shit
Saw Sir Jinx bellin'
When I hit a left on Ruthelen, "What up, loc?"
Don't you know that niggas get smoked
That take they life for a joke? Get in, nigga
I'll take you to the pad soon
Went to mom's house and dropped a load in the bathroom
Jumped back in my lowrider
Comin' out feelin' about ten pounds lighter
Went to Bone's house so I can get the gat
Looking for the place where all the hoes kick it at
Lench Mob ain't nothin' but tramps
For hoes lickin' nuts like stamps
One fool bumpin' music for the yamps
But Ice Cube had more amps, get in, bitch
'Cause I had the jam on
And I don't want to hear shit about a tampon
Gimme the nappy and make me happy
The ho said, "Pappy, could you slap me
On the ass hard and fast
And could please try not to leave a gash?"
I said, "Yeah, but I don't play sex
Without puttin' on the latex"
Slipped on the condom
Fucked around and dropped the bomb, son
And it came out sort of like confetti
In for the night, no longer steady mobbin'
Have you ever seen such a sight in your life?
Steady mobbin'
Have you ever seen such a sight in your life?
There goes the neighborhood
Have you ever seen such a sight in your life?
Steady mobbin'
Have you ever seen such a sight in your life?
There goes the neighborhood

There goes the neighborhood
Get the radio, get the radio
There goes the neighborhood6Embed
Hey yo Cube, man, hey yo Cube, check this out
Yo, motherfuckers be on the dick and shit, right?
Check this out, you know what I tell 'em, man?

Well two peas in a bucket
Mother motherfuck it
You either Flavor Flav it
Or you Chuck Chuck Chuck it
Kiss my ass and suck the D.I.C.-
K. stands for kill so don't fuck with me
I fucked that lady in the bed
I missed that pussy and the butt was spread
I tried it again in a thumping wagon
The bottom fell out and her ass started dragging
Tried it again in a field of grass
I missed that pussy and I bust my ass
Then I fucked this lady in the tree
The baby came out and said "Run-DMC"

Yeah, and you don't stop
Flavor Flav in the house, and you don't stop
Ice Cube's in the house, and you don't stop
Hey, my sugar (Hey, yo, rock that shit G!)
You might also like
I knew this girl who looked just like you
Light brown and a fly hairdo
I wanted to do her, screw her
So I stepped to her on key
Bitch had more ass than a donkey
I said you're the type of girl that I can't pass over
Give me one chance and I'll bend your ass over
Just call me the plumber at the end of the night
Cause a nigga like me'll lay plenty of pipe
She didn't get offended, it was splendid to me
Cause mister nice guy is what I pretended to be
I guess I'll just wine her and dine her
And by the end of the night I'll be behind her
Waxing that ass like Raindance
On the bumper get the pussy then I dump her
Took her to the Comfort Inn, tucked her in
Pulled out the third leg pumped it in
She said 'Will you call me?'
Yeah, I'll call you a bitch or a ho after I ball you
Naw I'm just playin' but it's still the same
Cause a nigga like Ice Cube is only out for one thang

Yeah, what you out for?
Yo, I'm only out for one thing
You out for what, man?
Yo, I'm out for the pussy, the money, and the mic, and I'm straight. What are we out for?
I pledge allegiance to the uh... to the fuckin', all of that shit. Know what I'm saying?
Five thousand!
Five thousand, G
We out
Yo, we out of here, five thousand
Yo, this is for my boy Ice Cube, you know what I'm saying
Yo, check this out2Embed
Nigga, you need to stop snitchin'
All that yip-yappin' and jaw-jackin'
Nigga, if you scared, go to church
You knew the job was dangerous when you took it
What up, it's the big boss Dogg, Snoop D-O-double-G, eastside L-B-C
And I'm bobbin' to the beat of my OG homeboy Ice Cube
And I'm c-walkin' on the motherfuckin' concrete

Yo, if you're fucked up, put your cups up
Ice Cube and Snoop Dogg, nigga, what's up?
See, he's a gangster, I'm a hustler
Yo, it's either thank ya or it's fuck ya

I'm down with Lil Jon, ain't got to pretend (Yeah)
Crunk juice, nigga, run the club that you in (Hey)
You scary motherfuckers don't wanna bring the ruckus (Nah)
You just spend all your time in the club tryna duck us (What?)
And if you walk by, nigga, I'ma knock fire, nigga
From your ass, you can come try, nigga (Hey)
In the hood, all the way down south (Yeah)
I ain't Mike Jones, keep my name out'cha mouth, bitch (Mike Jones)
We can get it crackin' if it get to clickin' clackin'
Look at Mister Jackson, nigga, with no reaction
If you scared, go to church, we gon' hit you where it hurts
That don't work, we'll put you in the dirt (Hey)
'Cause a whole lot of rappers make a whole lotta noise (Hey)
Lyrics full of steroids, niggas paranoid (Hey)
And when you get that blowup, it make you throw up
When you realize your favorite rapper ain't got no nuts
You might also like
If you a scared motherfucker, go to church (Go to church)
If you a gutter motherfucker, do your dirt (A do your dirt)
If you a down motherfucker, put in work (A put in work)
If you a crazy motherfucker, go berzerk (A go berzerk)
If you a scared motherfucker, go to church (Go to church)
If you a gutter motherfucker, do your dirt (A do your dirt)
If you a down motherfucker, put in work (A put in work)
If you a crazy motherfucker, go berzerk (A go berzerk)

Click-clackin', pistol packin', Crip raggin' folio
Who the only nigga in the club with the toolio?
You ain't know? Yeah, you did; there it was, there it is
"Is that Coolio?", nah, bitch, let me in
Jibber-jabber, snatch ya, get at ya
Spit at actors and rappers
Hang out with kidnappers and jackers
Make money off crackers; can you imagine how I keep shit crackin'?
It's the big boss Dogg, I'm back in action and smashin'
I flash with the bling, I surpass the supreme
You don't really wanna have a clash with my team
I mix hash with the green, I'm the last of the kings
If I got a bitch with me, she got ass in them jeans
Rollin' through your neighborhood, my Cadillac so clean
Servin' all you suckas, 'cause you all dope fiends
Just like that dope man, nigga, what's up?
You run up with that bullshit, I'll fuck yo' ass up
If you a scared motherfucker, go to church (Go to church)
If you a gutter motherfucker, do your dirt (A do your dirt)
If you a down motherfucker, put in work (A put in work)
If you a crazy motherfucker, go berzerk (A go berzerk)
If you a scared motherfucker, go to church (Go to church)
If you a gutter motherfucker, do your dirt (A do your dirt)
If you a down motherfucker, put in work (A put in work)
If you a crazy motherfucker, go berzerk (A go berzerk)

You scared, you scared
You scared, motherfucker, you scared
You scared (You scared), you scared (You scared)
You scared, motherfucker, you scared (You scared)
You scared, you scared
You scared, motherfucker, you scared
You scared (You scared), you scared (You scared)
You scared, motherfucker, you scared (You scared)

If you a scared motherfucker, go to church (Go to church)
If you a gutter motherfucker, do your dirt (A do your dirt)
If you a down motherfucker, put in work (A put in work)
If you a crazy motherfucker, go berzerk (A go berzerk)
If you a scared motherfucker, go to church (Go to church)
If you a gutter motherfucker, do your dirt (A do your dirt)
If you a down motherfucker, put in work (A put in work)
If you a crazy motherfucker, go berzerk (A go berzerk)
It goes one for the money (Hey), two for the show (Yeah)
Three for the pussy, four for the glow (Hey)
Five for the rookies, six for the pros (Nah)
Seven for the numbers of them fuckin' zeroes (What?)
Eight for the haters, nine for the cause
Ten for my niggas behind big bars (Hey)
Fuck these devils and they laws (Yeah)
Never question the size of Ice Cube's balls15Embed
And now, "The Drive-By"

 Yo, money! The mothafuckas around the corners, till we trippin', man!
 Whassup, man? What are they doin', man?
 Yo, man! I just don't LIKE THEM mothafuckas!
 Alright, man
 Fuck it, man!
 Let's get in the car, man!
 Aiight! Yo, yo, yo! Let's SMOKE those mothafuckas! 
 
 There they go!
 Aight! Turn off the headlights, man! Turn the radio down! Turn the radio down...
 Yo, yo, yo, yo! We gon' bring death to them!
 Hehehh!  locin' up motherfucka let it go
Ayo, man! Roll the window down! 
 Aight!
 We finna get this mothafucka! 'EY, 'EY, 'EY, MAN! WHASSUP, NIGGA?
 Yo!
 THIS IS LENCH MOB, NIGGA!
  
 JUST SMOKE THE MOTHAFUCKA, MAN!
 SHOOT THAT MOTHAFUCKA, MAN!  
  
 'EY, 'EY, 'EY! I'm SHOOTIN' 'EM RIGHT NOW, MAN! LET'S GET 'EM, MAN! 
 FUCK THAT! SMOKE THE MOTHAFUCKAS! 
 OWWW, SHIT, MAN! I SHOOT THE MOTHAFUCKAS!
 GET FUCK OUTTA HERE, MAN! GET THE FUCK...! 
  
... FUCK OUTTA HERE
  
You might also like
"Outside the South Central area...
Few cared about the violence because... it didn't affect them."3Embed
Niggas are in the state of emergency
The Death Side, a mirrored image of where we are today
The Life Side, a vision of where we need to go
So sign your death certificate
(A message to the world)
(I heard—, wait a minute)
Fuck all y'all

Lisa got him
Alright, on three, one, two, three
Get all folks together, this way
Can't believe it, though
Tom, yo
Hey, open that door
Open that one first
Alright, alright
We've come together by God's demand
Whether it be for life or death
Well, this morning
It's over the mourning of one of our little brothers
This brother was a good brother
He didn't get into an excessive amount of trouble
But it's one thing, it's one thing, it's one thing
He was the wrong nigga to fuck withYou might also like2Embed
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen, I'm Robin Lench
And welcome to the "Lifestyles of the Poor and Unfortunate" (Man, fuck you)
Where you and your broad can win eight days and nine dangerous nights
At The Come On In Motel overviewing the Watts Tower
And for your transportation pleasures, you get to ride on what?
The "R.T.D.", the "Rough, Tough and Dangerous"
Where we provide you and your bitch round trip transfer
Straight down range (Ayo, nigga, get outta the car, nigga)
Where you get to meet, who? O.G. MudBone (Man, who the fuck you talkin' 'bout?)
Hello, O.G. MudBone, say hi (Nigga, fuck you, motherfucker, get outta here)
(Win these nuts, punk)
And for your gambling cravings
You can lose that trick-bitch that's with ya, almost, well
Basically anywhere (I'll give you twenty dollars for your bitch)
And for your nightlife entertainment, you get to visit
Our very own strawberry showgirls
Located where? On Figueroa (Yeah)
Ayy, ayy, bitch, ayy, how much for head?
Until next time
Forty ounce dreams and watermelon wishes
I'm Robin Lench, peace
5000 GYou might also like3Embed
Let me live my life
We can no longer live our lives
Then let us give our lives for the liberation
And salvation of the Black Nation
Saints, saviors, soldiers, scholars, healers and killers
No longer dead, deaf, dumb and blind out of our mind
Brainwashed with the white man's mind
No more homicide
No more fratricide
No more suicide, infanticide and genocide
Look the goddamn white man in his cold blue eyes
Devil don't even try, we Bebe's Kids
We don't die, we multiply
You heard the Death Side
Now open your black eyes for the rebirth, resurrection and riseYou might also like1Embed
Dr. Bruce, telephone, please, Dr. Bruce, telephone, please

Come on, come on, honey, push a little harder, it's not all that bad

I see the head
Push, push

Come on

Come on, push

Come on, honey

Push

It's a boy

The black man and black woman have no further
No beginning and no ending
Before alpha and after omega
History and historians'll record
The black father and mother of morality, medicine, music and mathematics
The father and mother of all the nation of religion, philosophy, art, science and civilization
No further
All they can say about the black man
Is he was, he is, and he shall be
Before him there were none
And after him, there will be no more
Before we can make a way for the peace maker
We must kill, and get rid of the peace breakerYou might also like1Embed
{*laughing*}
You know what West Coast niggas is gon' tell me?
This is too West Coast

Doin my own, thang, and if you got a problem with that
Then the nina go bang, bang
And I'll be everywhere on the map, but
I rep that West, I rep that West
I rep that West, I rep that West
I rep that West, I rep that West
I rep that West, I rep that West
Doin my own, thang, and if you got a problem with that
Then the nina go bang, bang
And I'll be everywhere on the map, but
I rep that West, I rep that West
I rep that West, I rep that West
I rep that West, I rep that West
I rep that West, I rep that West

Don't you know that I rep that?
Why you got let that boy in the buildin?
Don't you know that, he about to kill 'em?
Don't you know that, he about to hurt y'all feelings?
Can't find Ren, might as well play the villain
I'mma get 'em (get 'em) why cause I cain't babysit 'em
I'mma whip 'em (whip 'em) treat 'em like badass children
Is it evil? Y'all better call them people
How I get down, just ain't legal
Money long, sort of like Louis Vuitton
I run this shit, right here, call me marathon (boom)
I blow like a cherry bomb
You a small donation; bitch, I'm a telethon
West Coast million, what is he really on?
Is it that shit, that niggas go silly on?
Hell no, the pyroclastic flow is evident
(WESTSIDE!) And y'all know what I represent
You might also like
Doin my own, thang, and if you got a problem with that
Then the nina go bang, bang
And I'll be everywhere on the map, but
I rep that West, I rep that West
I rep that West, I rep that West
I rep that West, I rep that West
I rep that West, I rep that West

I rep that West, I rep that dub
I pack that S (I'm a monster)
Westside Loch Ness, I'm a problem
Matter fact, I'm a mess, Los Angeles, so scan'lous
South Central, home of so much potential
But if you go there the warfare is mental
Bring your wheelchair, you probably gon' need it
Leave this motherfucker, a paraplegic
Niggas 'round the world that think they wanna bang
Don't get your ass caught up like Lil Wayne
I'm too West Coast for the West Coast
To Fresno to Sarito's, to soul food and burritos
I'm down with Angelinos
Go downtown, and give a bum a C-note
This my town; I run it, you walk it
You just now learnin the game - I taught it
Doin my own, thang, and if you got a problem with that
Then the nina go bang, bang
And I'll be everywhere on the map, but
I rep that West, I rep that West
I rep that West, I rep that West
I rep that West, I rep that West
I rep that West, I rep that West

Brrrrr! And if you got a problem with this
Let me know so I can add your fuckin name on my list
All you West Coast deejays, check your wrist
If you scared to add the big fish to your playlist now
Enemies of this industry, I'mma
Hall of Famer, treated like a stranger
Fuck that, another West Coast banger
Who gives a fuck if they play it in Virginia?
I'mma play it on Denker, play it on Western
All up Van Ness, we'll make your head turn
Motherfuckers wanna take our style
And run that shit, three thousand miles then
Rub the shit all in our face
Diss, award show all at our place
Damn, can a nigga get a lit-tle taste
Of some of that shine? It look like mine
Damn!
Doin my own, thang, and if you got a problem with that
Then the nina go bang, bang
And I'll be everywhere on the map, but
I rep that West, I rep that West
I rep that West, I rep that West
I rep that West, I rep that West
I rep that West, I rep that West
Doin my own, thang, and if you got a problem with that
Then the nina go bang, bang
And I'll be everywhere on the map, but
I rep that West, I rep that West
I rep that West, I rep that West
I rep that West, I rep that West
I rep that West, I rep that West

Y'all know what it is
Is this too West Coast for you motherfuckers?
So what!
Sanctioned by the O.G.'s of America
The grand wizard is a, certified G
That mean genius bitch6Embed
Yeah
When I drop the mic it hit the floor like Thor (That's right)
You can't pick it up no more (Don't even try)
Y'all know what it is, y'all know what it was (Yeah)
Y'all know what it shall be

Get smart 'fore the shit start
'Fore it get dark, 'fore they hit you with the pitchfork
Better crip walk (Crip walk), this is real talk
Smoke kush and bush, then we peel off (Eugh)
Niggas still rollin' with the wheels off (Eugh)
Always lookin' out for the crisscross
I'm a bigger boss than Rick Ross
Always winnin', nigga, get lost
It's the warlord, bring the voodoo
When I bail through, it's crazy like Bellevue
What they tell you? (Leave that boy alone) Leave that boy alone
Like Home Alone (Yeah), fuck a skull and bone
Arrest the president, you got the evidence
That nigga is Russian intelligence (Okay)
When it rains it pours
Did you know the new white was orange?
Boy, you're showing your horns
They're tryin' to replace my halo with thorns
You so basic with your vape stick
Let's go apeshit in the matrix
You might also like
Arrest the president, arrest the president
Arrest the president, you got the evidence (Nigga)
Arrest the president, arrest the president (Crazy)
Arrest the president, you got the evidence

I took back my ice, in all black tonight
That's right, some niggas gotta sacrifice
Not a criminal (No), I'm a seminal (Yeah)
I was free once, now I'm clinical (Crazy)
You so technical, this was Mexico
Now everywhere I go is owned by Texaco (Fuck them)
Fuck them and the rest of you (Hell yeah)
I turn a fruit into a vegetable (Pop you motherfuckers out)
I'ma roll with the aliens
Man, fuck these homo sapiens
They don't really wanna make friends (Hell no)
All they want is a Mercedes Benz (Hell yeah)
All they want is they dividends
And decibels, fuck these citizens
They'll treat us like hooligans
Throw 'em in, they don't care what school he in
These people don't play fair
It ain't even fair at the state fair
Give a young nigga grey hair
That's why I'm here, make your ass lay there
Punk, you better stay there
Close your fucking eyes like it's day care
Make myself clearer than Shakespeare
I'm here to take money even fake hair
So desperate is what I'm left with
For the record you affected
Who you elected is so septic
So full of shit, I can't accept it
Arrest the president (Woo), arrest the president (Woo)
Arrest the president, you got the evidence (Nigga)
Arrest the president (Nigga), arrest the president (Nigga)
Arrest the president, you got the evidence (Nigga)
Arrest the president (Nigga), arrest the president (Nigga)
Arrest the president, you got the evidence (Nigga)
Arrest the president (Nigga), arrest the president (Nigga)
Arrest the president, you got the evidence

I reside on the Westside (Westside)
I murder with my third eye (Third eye)
Niggas so fly, get a bird's eye (Ahh, ahh)
I make 'em scream bloody murder
Let's meet at the White House (Come on)
Run in and turn the lights out
Man, they treat it like a trap house (Yeah)
These motherfuckers never take the trash out (Damn)
They just cash out and mash out
Nigga take your drugs and pass out (Shut the fuck up)
Niggas love to go that fast route (Yeah)
I see you and your black ass, get out
Homie, you play too much (Yeah)
While these devils, they doin' way too much (Much)
Most of 'em won't say too much
While they steady plannin' God knows what (God knows what)
That's why I roll with the real ones
Real ones tryin' to reach millions
Real ones tryin' to make billions
Real ones dressed like civilians
Arrest the president, arrest the president
Arrest the president, you got the evidence (Woo)
Arrest the president (Woo), arrest the president (Woo)
Arrest the president, you got the evidence8Embed
Everything's fucked up
Everything's 'bout a buck, we shit outta luck, yeah
Blood used to be thicker than water
Now it depends on what kinda water you talkin' about
Niggas'll kill they momma over that almighty dollar
Yeah, you know me, Super O-G
Always down to take a kneeYou might also likeEmbed
What the fuck is this shit?
Baby, you see this shit?
It's like some- it's like some walkin' dead motherfuckers
(You will not replace us)
(You will not replace us)
(You will not replace us)
Hand me that thang right there
(You will not replace us)
(You will not replace us)

Stay ready (Stay ready, stay ready, stay ready)
Here they come though
Stay ready (Stay ready, stay ready, stay ready)
Here they come though
Stay ready (Stay ready, stay ready, stay ready)
Here they come though
Stay ready (Stay ready, stay ready, stay ready)
Here they come though
Stay ready (Stay ready, stay ready, stay ready)

We gon' chase down the bully, hit his ass with the fully
Chase down the bully hit his ass with the fully
Then we gon' string his ass up by his nuts with the pulley
String his ass up by his nuts with the pulley
You might also like
If you stay ready, you ain't got to get ready
Blast like confetti, nigga, cut like a machete
You just spent your fetti on a mother fuckin' Chevy
I'm buyin' somethin' heavy, turn the ass into spaghetti
From another planet, no, it's not the Serengeti
More than an African, I am planetary
Bitches think this commentary is military
I kill you and I bury you with the steel that I carry
Now, if he a fascist, I'ma bash his head in
Cock it back, boy, and put the lead in
All you evil forces wit'cha tiki torches
Shove 'em up your ass, freaky intercourses
They try to lie, say I'm hearin' voices
Apocalypse Now, rollin' with the horses
Hit the alt-right with a fog light
See that red sheet? Used to be all white

Stay ready (Stay ready, stay ready, stay ready)
Stay ready (Stay ready, stay ready, stay ready)
Stay ready (Stay ready, stay ready, stay ready)

We gon' chase down the bully, hit his ass with the fully
Chase down the bully hit his ass with the fully
Then we gon' string his ass up by his nuts with the pulley
String his ass up by his nuts with the pulley
Fuck a Trump supporter talkin' 'bout law and order
But all you wanna do is go fuck up reporters
Build a damn wall then fuck up the borders
Hate to see a motherfuckin' nigga with a quarter
Hate to see a nigga wit'cha ugly ass daughter
They feed you bread and water, get you ready for the slaughter
That's why your homeboy just went out and bought a
AR-15, I can make the bitch sing
Ain't no nigga shit, it's some bigger shit
Who can give a shit about white privilege?
Throw your hands up
Pull your pants up
You can't fight in that tight shit, man up
Nigga, stand up
Have you forgotten? Have you pickin' cotton, better get the socket
And if you think Ice Cube give a shit about they statues cover them in pigeon shit

We gon' chase down the bully, hit his ass with the fully
Chase down the bully hit his ass with the fully
Then we gon' string his ass up by his nuts with the pulley
String his ass up by his nuts with the pulley

On my way home, talkin' on my iPhone
Mother fuckers tried to kill me with a fuckin' drone
They think I'm Al Capone with a natural comb
You just a clone of the original chromosome
Me? I'm just a student of the Terrordome
You? You just recruitin' for the skull and bones
Me? I do karate on Illuminati
You can view the body
I'm at a pool party
Hah, yeah
I know you internet hoes been suckin' on a lot of shit
But don't worry 'bout me, cuz ain't part of they club

We gon' chase down the bully, hit his ass with the fully
Chase down the bully hit his ass with the fully
Then we gon' string his ass up by his nuts with the pulley
String his ass up by his nuts with the pulley

Stay ready (Stay ready, stay ready, stay ready)
Stay ready (Stay ready, stay ready, stay ready)
Stay ready (Stay ready, stay ready, stay ready)

Stay ready (Stay ready, stay ready, stay ready)1Embed
Hey man, get the door
These mother fuckers think it's CVS around this bitch
Tell him we ain't 'bout that shit

Yo, who is it?
Uhh, Nick
Yo, nigga, what up?
Oh, nothin'
Why you come to this motherfucker so early all the time, man?
You-you said 1 o'clock
I don't give a fuck what I said, nigga
I don't get out the bed before two-thirty
Don't come through this motherfucker so early next time, nigga
Understood
Let's see what'chu got

Ain't 'bout to count no money, ain't sellin' no dope
Don't bring me no bag, I want a envelope
Ain't 'bout to count no money, nah, ain't sellin' no dope
Don't bring me no bag, I want a envelope

Ain't no disrespect (disrespect), well maybe it is
Ain't no trappin' here (Trappin' here), well look here now, bitch
Ain't no Oxycontin (No oxycontin), no coke or no thizz
Have you forgotten (You forgotten) who the fuck that I is?
You might also like
Trap or die, that's a lie, niggas fry or testify
Superfly, get super high, jigga boo shit, supersize
Niggas do shit and justify
You can do shit and get euthanized
I could do shit, that's no surprise
Serve your ass, two piece and fries

Ain't 'bout to count no money, ain't sellin' no dope
Don't bring me no bag, I want a envelope
Ain't 'bout to count no money, nah, ain't sellin' no dope
Don't bring me no bag, I want a envelope

You niggas high as fuck (High as fuck), got slow reaction
I done sobered up (Sobered up) and I'm down for action
And I fuck you up (Fuck you up), if you come 'round askin'
Don't try to play me (Try to play me) like I'm Anglo-Saxon
You a mouse in a trap house, I'm a dog in a cat house
I'm comin' like Harriet Tubman, you comin' like Harry the drug man
Some niggas don't give a fuck, man, 'bout they own people sufferin'
Talkin' 'bout that they strugglin', made somethin' from nothin'

Ain't 'bout to count no money, ain't sellin' no dope
Don't bring me no bag, I want a envelope
Ain't 'bout to count no money, nah, ain't sellin' no dope
Don't bring me no bag, I want a envelope
I'ma kill me a dope dealer
I'ma douse me a trap house
Who let the dogs out?
I'ma make niggas crawl out
I'ma make niggas call out to Jesus and they momma (Jesus and they momma)
Right before they vomit (Before they vomit) blood out they stomach (Blood out they stomach)
This for my auntie, she smoked your shit daily
And this'll make you crumble, yeah, just like it did my uncle
And this'll make you meet your maker, understand that he's the baker
Got your ass on the slab now you the dope for the undertaker

Ain't 'bout to count no money, ain't sellin' no dope
Don't bring me no bag, I want a envelope
Ain't 'bout to count no money, nah, ain't sellin' no dope
Don't bring me no bag, I want a envelope

Don't bring me no bag
Don't bring me no bag
You-you a mouse in a trap house, I'ma dog in a cat house
You-you a mouse in a trap house, I'ma dog in a cat house
You-you a mouse in a trap house, I'ma dog in a cat house
You a mouse in a trap house, I'ma dog in a cat houseEmbed
Bad dope (Bad dope, bad dope)
I'm like a bad drug
I'm a bad drug about to fuck you up
Bad dope (Bad dope, bad dope)
(There's no prescription to this addiction)
I'm like a bad drug
(Just a dope face decision, sleep with the pigeons)
I'm a bad drug about to fuck you up
Bad dope (Bad dope, bad dope)
(There's no intervention to this prevention)
I'm like a bad drug
(My incision will separate you from your pension)
I'm a bad drug about to fuck you up
Bad dope (Bad dope, bad dope)
(Takin' you to the E.M.S.)
I'm like a bad drug
I'm a bad drug about to fuck you up
Bad dope (Bad dope, bad dope)

If you fuck with me, I'm like some headache weed
I'm like your favorite dope mixed with antifreeze
I'll attack your brains, I'll collapse your veins
Have you actin' strange like a dog with the mange
Worse than cocaine, it's that Kurt Cobain
Make you go insane, make your world go bang
There's no prescription for my encryption
There's only addiction to this non-fiction
You might also like
Bad dope (Bad dope, bad dope)
I'm like a bad drug
I'm a bad drug about to fuck you up
Bad dope (Bad dope, bad dope)
I'm like a bad drug
I'm a bad drug about to fuck you up
Bad dope (Bad dope, bad dope)
I'm like a bad drug
I'm a bad drug about to fuck you up
Bad dope (Bad dope, bad dope)
I'm like a bad drug
Bad dope
I'm a bad drug about to fuck you up
Bad dope

Don't even start, boy, I'll get you sparked
Make you lose all your shit, now you livin' at the park
Crackheads are blackheads
Meth heads are left dead
Bitches on that bad dope, heard they give the best head
Oh, shit, bad trip, battery acid
Now you lookin' old as fuck, face made of plastic
I serve you, way towards you, pay for it with face sores
Now you walkin' around skin like alligator
Bad dope (Bad dope, bad dope)
I'm like a bad drug
I'm a bad drug about to fuck you up
Bad dope (Bad dope, bad dope)
I'm like a bad drug
I'm a bad drug about to fuck you up
Bad dope (Bad dope, bad dope)
I'm like a bad drug
I'm a bad drug about to fuck you up
Bad dope (Bad dope, bad dope)
I'm like a bad drug
Bad dope
I'm a bad drug about to fuck you up
Bad dope

Grip it, hit it
Vomit, shit it
Smoke it, choke it, bitch, poke it
Dirty needle, mosquito, I can fly like a beetle
I'm the Beatles, I am Tito
I am Michael, think I'm psycho
On them pills, in them hills ridin' on that motorcycle
Crazy nigga, let me hit it, gotta have it 'fore I stab it
Silly rabbit, snatch and grab it
I got a fuckin' habit
Steal from momma, pills from momma
If I die, send the bill to momma
I ain't shit, never be Obama
Dope head, nigga, never be Obama
Bad dope (Bad dope, bad dope)
I'm like a bad drug
I'm a bad drug about to fuck you up
Bad dope (Bad dope, bad dope)
I'm like a bad drug
I'm a bad drug about to fuck you up
Bad dope (Bad dope, bad dope)
I'm like a bad drug
I'm a bad drug about to fuck you up
Bad dope (Bad dope, bad dope)
I'm like a bad drug
Bad dope
I'm a bad drug about to fuck you up
Bad dope

There's no intervention, just prevention
My incision will separate you from your pension
I'm takin' you to the abyss
Drag you under, drown you1Embed
Now who is the public enemy?
He should be too embarrassed to even walk back through this motherfucker again
When he-when he comes down, somebody's gonna say some shit
He gone pay
It can’t be that fuckin' crazy to come outside and do some shit like this
He's on some out-there shit
Somebody done gave him something

Them niggas on them pills
Them bitches on them pills
Poppin’ shit is why they can't pay they bills
They be sweatin' (Sweatin'), they need gills
Fuck that chronic smoke, they want them chemicals
Them niggas on them pills
Them bitches on them pills
Poppin' shit is why they can't pay they bills
They be sweatin' (Sweatin'), they need gills
Fuck that chronic smoke, they want them chemicals

Uh, you’s a drugstore cowboy
Everything you put in your mouth look like a Altoid
Crazy ass niggas love a bitch named Molly (Bitch named Molly)
Passed out on the floor, go and get a dolly
I saw your boy-boy in the street butt naked (Butt naked)
Wormin’ up and down 122nd
His momma tried to stop him and them youngsters had to mob 'em
So cops tried to pop ’em but them bullets couldn't drop 'em
Damn
You might also like
Them niggas on them pills
Them bitches on them pills
Poppin' shit is why they can’t pay they bills
They be sweatin' (Sweatin'), they need gills
Fuck that chronic smoke, they want them chemicals
Them niggas on them pills
Them bitches on them pills
Poppin' shit is why they can't pay they bills
They be sweatin' (Sweatin'), they need gills
Fuck that chronic smoke, they want them chemicals

Baby, if you feelin' horny, take two of these and wake up in the mornin'
With a nigga snorin', you don't even know
And his half cousin and his little bro
Damn, are you a ho from Idaho? (Idaho)
Hell yeah, especially off that chemical (Chemical)
Them fuckin' drugs'll take you to that pinnacle (Pinnacle)
Drop you in the snow (Ho) with it ten below

Them niggas on them pills
Them bitches on them pills
Poppin' shit is why they can't pay they bills
They be sweatin' (Sweatin'), they need gills
Fuck that chronic smoke, they want them chemicals
Them niggas on them pills
Them bitches on them pills
Poppin' shit is why they can't pay they bills
They be sweatin' (Sweatin'), they need gills
Fuck that chronic smoke, they want them chemicals
He thizz and got them Oxycontin (Oxycontin)
Got them front teeth all rotten (All rotten)
Viagra mixed with ecstasy is the reason for your latest pregnancy (Pregnancy)
You the Joker off that Heath Ledger (Heath Ledger)
I'ma smoker her (Why?) 'cause weed's better
You niggas start to panic when you off that Xanax
Drownin' in the gutter, you think it's the Atlantic

Them niggas on them pills
Them bitches on them pills
Poppin' shit is why they can't pay they bills
They be sweatin' (Sweatin'), they need gills
Fuck that chronic smoke, they want them chemicals

My name is Jesus Christ, I just discovered that today
My name is Jesus Christ and I did not-yes, I asked for this
I was a thirsty bitch and I made a deal with the devil, sir
But I'm gonna hit a lick, okay?
Do you believe in Jesus Christ?
You do?
Do you believe in me?
Yeah? I won't let you in then, bitch
'Cause I joined the other side
I joined the other side!
Dame más gasolina
Dame más gasolina
Do you believe me now?
No
Okay, fuck you, bitch4Embed
A lot of people wonder how they gon' die
How'm I gon' die?
Will it be a bullet wound?
Will they die at the hands of the police?
Here's how I think I'ma go

Too much salt, too much sugar
Too much smoke and too much liquor
The good life, I'ma die of the good life
I'ma die of the good life
Fire water
Fire water
The shit I spit will get you lit
Fire water
The shit I spit will get you lit
Fire water
Too much salt, too much sugar
Too much smoke and too much liquor
The good life, I'ma die of the good life
I'ma die of the good life

I'm a animal, my splif's flammable
This is Hannibal, I'm a cannibal
It's understandable you think I'm studio
But when we leave the studio, nigga, you's the hoe
Niggas lose your hoe, like usual
Bitch is beautiful, what she with you for?
When Hiawatha drank my fire water said sayonara to his lonely daughter
Fire starter, mister arson
South Central Compton next to Carson
Rips are rippin', dogs are barkin'
Guppies all move over, let the shark in
Blood in the water, cuz in the water
Need to get out, nigga, was it a slaughter?
Fuckin' wit'chy'all niggas, tear in your drawers
This fire water put hair on your balls
This is a rebel without a pause
With three hoes like Santa Clause
Know all the pimp codes and the bylaws
Got enough paper, I could buy y'all
At the Bayou, I could buy you
Walkin' 'round here with a slave IQ
Better get smart or it's déjà vu
Back in the dark, nigga, chained to the ark, nigga, fuck
You might also like
Fire water
I got that fire water
The shit I spit will get you lit
I got that fire water
The shit I spit will get you lit
I got that fire water
Too much salt, too much sugar
Too much smoke and too much liquor
The good life, I'ma die of the good life
I'ma die of the good life

How I do it is lighter fluid
Think you fly? Put a spider to it
Come down heavy, Isaac Newton
While y'all talkin', I be shootin'
Most of these artists be prostitutin'
Gangsta shit, I wrote The Constitution
Bitch ass nigga, what's your contribution?
Hatin' on shit ain't a revolution
Change this shit, fuck the lootin'
West side riders, I'm recruitin'
God is a teacher, I'm the student
Don't bite the apple, I'm rebootin'
Back to the pen and pad
Back to the pen and paper
Niggas wanna catch the vapors but they on respirators
Always on elevators
Always dressed like the Raiders
Always on my way to Vegas
Fire water
I got that fire water
The shit I spit will get you lit
I got that fire water
The shit I spit will get you lit
I got that fire water
Too much salt, too much sugar
Too much smoke and too much liquor
The good life, I'ma die of the good life
I'ma die of the good life

My best wares? Louis chest hairs
Who wanna ball with the California bears?
It's Mardi Gras every time I'm with my players
Alcohol all in the air
I run this shit, I am the mayor
You a crazy bitch, Princess Leia
Don't'cha know my truth is a dare?
It's the cyclops with the eye drops
Fuck these thots and Goldilocks
Bitches wanna go and drink all a nigga porridge
Don't ask me for a piece of pizza
Fold my arms and say, "Bye Felisha"
Why the fuck you messin' with the creature?
Might wake up and fuckin' eat ya
Can hardly see ya 'cause of my shine
I'm legally blind
I'm outta my mind
Study my rhyme, I got the equation for any occasion
Black, white, brown, red, purple, or Asian
My fire water keep folks ablazin'
I got some shit that'll burn your stomach
Make you vomit, the dogs atomic
Please don't try to mix this with chronic
Niggas won't believe that you seen a comet, no
Fire water
I got that fire water
The shit I spit will get you lit
I got that fire water
The shit I spit will get you lit
I got that fire water
Too much salt, too much sugar
Too much smoke and too much liquor
The good life, I'ma die of the good life
I'ma die of the good life
Too much salt, too much sugar
Too much smoke and too much liquor
The good life, I'ma die of the good life
I'ma die of the good life
Too much salt, too much sugar
Too much smoke and too much liquor
The good life, I'ma die of the good life
I'ma die of the good life
Fire water
Fire water
The shit I spit will get you lit
Fire water
The shit I spit will get you lit
Fire water
I got that fire water
I got that fire water
I got that fire water
I got that fire water4Embed
Ooh, ooh, ooh
When the cold wind blows in the heart of the city and I'm gone
I know the streets will shed tears for me
When my story is over and my song is done
I know the streets will shed tears for me
The end

All I get is motherfuckin' love in these streets
To most of these tricks I'm a motherfuckin' treat
What's beef? I ain't got no beef
See all that bitchin'? It taste like chicken
And all these chickens? They get plucked
And nobody wants to see the volcano erupt
I'm down with Daz 'cause everythang is Kurupt
I'm celebrated every time I pull up
You hella hated, every time you look up
I'm elevated to rapper's deluxe
They love me, dawg, 'cause I'm one of a kind
This is God's plan, homie, it ain't mine
See, this ain't about dyin', it's all about shinin'
It's all about climbin' a hill full of diamonds
I know that you feel it, I know that you felt it
'Cause a nigga gon' live 'til a nigga can't help it
You might also like
When the cold wind blows in the heart of the city and I'm gone
I know the streets will shed tears for me
(They love me, dawg)
When my story is over and my song is done
(They love me, dawg)
I know the streets will shed tears for me
The end

Sorry, y'all, I ain't got no haters
All I got is mother fuckers tellin' me I'm the greatest
All I got is those fly ass suits and gators
Nobody servin' Cube but maids and waiters
Nobody tryin' to take my life
All these bitches tryna do is replace my wife
But you hoes ain't cold enough to fuck with Ice
Like Kim she'll run circles 'round you bitches twice
Now, it might get funky but it won't get ugly
Niggas might not like me but they still love me
Niggas might talk shit, they whisper and huddle
'Cause they know my rebuttal might leave a puddle
Now the streets is talkin' until they see me walkin' up the block, then all the bullshit stop
Anything I do, don't take it personal 'cause when a nigga gone, that shit ain't reversible

When the cold wind blows in the heart of the city and I'm gone
I know the streets will shed tears for me
(They love me, dawg)
When my story is over and my song is done
(They love me, dawg)
I know the streets will shed tears for me
The end

I'm the bastard that spit the acid
Fuck a funeral home and a casket
Fuck a funeral song and a procession
Keep God on your dome and count your blessings
Keep the hood in your heart but Heaven on your mind
Shake 'em up and roll seven every time
Pick 'em up, yup, stick 'em up
Every time you see me got a different color cup
This ain't about dyin', it's all about livin'
It's all about makin' everyday Thanksgivin'
It's all about givin', about stayin' driven
It ain't about you, it's about these children
So when a nigga die, stop cryin' and ventin'
Will somebody in here bump George Clinton?
Will somebody in here hug my fam?
Don't worry about me, you know where I am

When the cold wind blows in the heart of the city and I'm gone
I know the streets will shed tears for me
(They love me, dawg)
When my story is over and my song is done
(They love me, dawg)
I know the streets will shed tears for me
The end3Embed
Sorry, y'all, I ain't got no haters
All I got is motherfuckin' players
We get money in motherfuckin' layers
Sorry, y'all, I ain't got no haters
Sorry, y'all, I ain't got no haters
All I got is maids and waiters
All I got is suits and gators
Y'all niggas lost and I'm Las Vegas

Sorry, y'all, I ain't got no haters
Everybody love black ass Darth Vader
You and your woman love to see me comin'
Come through bumpin', little kids runnin'
Chasin' me down like the ice cream truck
These police, they never light me up
I'm that nigga, baby, hype me up
Fuckin' up at work, they never write me up
They always hold me down and raise me up
And all these women wanna glaze me up
Never turnt down, I'm turnt up
You heard me, bitch, I said, "I'm turnt up"
Always on ten, always too loud
Always too hard for this boujee ass crowd
Even these haters, they love my style
So, I don't know what you talkin' about
You might also like
Sorry, y'all, I ain't got no haters
All I got is motherfuckin' players
We get money in motherfuckin' layers
Sorry, y'all, I ain't got no haters
Sorry, y'all, I ain't got no haters
All I got is maids and waiters
All I got is suits and gators
Y'all niggas lost and I'm Las Vegas

Your situation is ugly, not mine, nothin' but love for me
You on the grind tryna turn a dub to a G
And I'm flyin' 'round the world doin' shows overseas
I'm chillin' with some females
I don't shop for bargains, fuck a pre-sale
Too much game tryna sell some
You know you can't hate on a real one
Too $hort, I ain't no nice dude
I'm like Ice Cube, run up in your wife fool
O.G., enjoyin' my life
Still gettin' money when I'm on the mic
Thirty years later still spittin' flows
Gettin' paid to call these bitches hoes
I get love wherever I go
And I'm always tryna get some more
Beeeotch
Sorry, y'all, I ain't got no haters
All I got is motherfuckin' players
We get money in motherfuckin' layers
Sorry, y'all, I ain't got no haters
Sorry, y'all, I ain't got no haters
All I got is maids and waiters
All I got is suits and gators
Y'all niggas lost and I'm Las Vegas

Jackpot, think I'm in the crack spot? You a crackpot
I'm a slip knot and I'ma get hot
And I'ma stay hot so take a backseat, nigga, Maybach
Boy, do what I say, nigga, robot
You kinda hit and miss, I'm the sure shot
Never sold out, niggas bought out
You won't survive the fallout when I go all out
Michael ball out but never touch no balls
I ain't a athlete, I can't take no loss
All I know is champagne in my eyes
All this hate is what I don't recognize
All I know is that L-O-V-E
They beg me to drink a forty of O-E
Low key, bump like a oldie
Niggas treat me better than Kobe
Sorry, y'all, I ain't got no haters
All I got is motherfuckin' players
We get money in motherfuckin' layers
Sorry, y'all, I ain't got no haters
Sorry, y'all, I ain't got no haters
All I got is maids and waiters
All I got is suits and gators
Y'all niggas lost and I'm Las Vegas5Embed
Randy: Can I get you something?
Second Jive Dude: 'S'mofo butter layin' me to da' bone. Jackin' me up,  tight me
Randy: I'm sorry, I don't understand
First Jive Dude: Cutty say 'e can't hang
Jive Lady: Oh, stewardess! I speak jive
Randy: Oh, good
Jive Lady: Jus' hang loose, blood. She gonna catch ya up on da rebound on da med side
Second Jive Dude: What it is, big mama? My mama no raise no dummies. I dug her rap
Jive Lady: Cut me some slack, Jack! Chump don' want no help, chump don't get da help
First Jive Dude: Say 'e can't hang, say seven up
Jive Lady: Jive-ass dude don't got no brains anyhow. Shit

I got my bell bottoms on with my cherry incense
My tailor-made slacks with the dick print
My afro pick with the black fist
I'm Jim Brown, bitch, Kung Fu kick
Platform shoes out the mothership
Talk shit, swallow, spit, I'm a pimp
Whitewalls and a black leather coat
Where's my bread sucka?
Grab ya by the throat
Callin' all cars, one-adam-twelve
Pretty ass nigga, you better stick yourself
Militant, don't call me Cassius
Dashiki, I got to be the blackest
I'm Isaac Hayes with a switchblade
I'm Rodney Allen Rippy, come fuck with me
I'm just tryna tell ya, "Young blood, best respect your elders"
Right on
You might also like
I'm comin' straight from the 70s
Super fly in my perm and my leather P's
I'm comin' straight from the 70s
Super fly in my perm and my leather P's
Sho-nuff
I'm comin' straight from the 70s
Old school playa, fuck what they tellin' me
Can you dig it?
I'm comin' straight from the 70s
Old school playa, fuck what they tellin' me

House parties, pop-lockin' and pickin'
Starter jackets, got my Jheri curl drippin'
Gangbangin', yeah, Bloodin' and Crippin'
Forty ounce sippin', '64 dippin'
No shoe strings, nigga, say word
I'm Magic Johnson, you Larry Bird
The day they blew up a rocket, I was lookin' at my beeper with a rock in my pocket, slangin'
Double up
Michael Jackson vs. Prince
Atari 2600, I don' done it
See that fat gold chain? Nigga, run it
I got my jimmy hat on 'cause I don't want it
Mike Tyson, who's my opponent?
Quick as Carl Lewis, be back in a moment
I won't shoot ya, nigga, I might nuke you, nigga
In my DeLorean, Back to the Future, nigga
Fresh
I'm comin' straight from the 80s
With my Jheri curl and my Mercedes
I'm comin' straight from the 80s
With my Jheri curl and my Mercedes
Word up
I'm comin' straight from the 80s
With my fat gold chain for the ladies
I'm comin' straight from the 80s
With my fat gold chain for the ladies

Man, you know what I'm sportin'
A short haircut, everything Jordan
That's right, a nigga played on the dream team
I had to let 'em know that it's a G Thang
It's a black thing, you wouldn't understand
Shaquille O'Neal the real Superman
Boy, I hit like Roy
Versace, Versace to all the real D-Boyz
In the crack spot with a laptop
Bumpin' that Biggie Smalls and 2Pac
French braid and weed heads
Where'd all these niggas come from with these dreads?
And during Y2K, I had a bootleg DVD watchin' Friday
So what I'm tryna tell ya, "Pump yo brakes, respect your elders"
Baby-baby
I'm comin' straight from the 90s
I keep it gangsta, gutter and grimy
I'm comin' straight from the 90s
I keep it gangsta, gutter and grimy
Fo-sho
I'm comin' straight from the 90s
Triple OG, you know where to find me
I'm comin' straight from the 90s
Triple OG, you know where to find me

Fresh for 2018

I'm an ex-gangbanger from Los Angeles
I've been to jail, fighting, partying, low riding
But you learn as you get older
You must become a man one day and put away childish things
Can you dig it?
Can you dig it?
Can you dig it?1Embed
California

You know the beat so sweet like booty meat (So sweet)
You know the beat so sweet like booty meat (Like booty meat)
You know the beat so sweet like booty meat (Hahahaha)
You know the beat so sweet like booty meat
No matter who you meet, you can move your feet

Come through bumpin' that new funkadelic, that new funkadelic
Come through bumpin' that new funkadelic, that new funkadelic
Ice Cube got that new funkadelic, that new funkadelic
Ice Cube got that new funkadelic, better run, go tell it

Got a uncle name George, horny muthafucka always down to orge
Freaky muthafucka wanna Georgie Porg'
Treat a big booty like a smorgasbord

Freaks on the floor, freaks on the floor
How many of y'all freaks on the low?
Freaks on the floor, freaks on the floor
How many of y'all freaks on the low? (Yeah)
You might also like
What's up for the evenin'? I ain't into trickin', I'm into treatin' (Yeah)
What's up for the evenin'? I ain't into trickin', bitch, I'm into treatin', so (Hey, honey, what's up?)
What's up for the evenin'? I ain't into trickin', I'm into treatin' (Yeah)
What's up for the evenin'? I ain't into trickin', I'm into treatin'

You know, all about that party life, party life
All about that party life, party life
All about that party life, party life
All About that party life, party life

Come through bumpin' that new funkadelic, that new funkadelic
Come through bumpin' that new funkadelic, that new funkadelic
Ice Cube got that new funkadelic, that new funkadelic
Ice Cube got that new funkadelic, better run, go tell it

I heard weed was legal
Grow that shit, nigga, feed your people
I heard weed was legal
Grow that shit, nigga, feed your people
I heard weed was legal
Grow that shit, nigga, feed your people
I heard weed was legal
Grow that shit, nigga, feed your people
Come on!
Let's make a toast to every nation
For the whole wide world
It's a West side celebration
Everybody get up!
And you talk about us, when you freaky, freaky, yeah

You know the funk will linger
All these mother fuckers wanna smell my finger
All these mother fuckers wanna fuck my singers
I don't give a damn, nigga, Jerry Springer
California love, California bud
Long as I got it, I don't give a fuck
It's the Hpnotiq, I'm the narcotic
So if you spot it, actin' robotic, freeze
Just like a mannequin and then start panickin'
I'm too hard for you, you still wanna eat it like barbeque

Freaks on the floor, freaks on the floor
How many of y'all freaks on the low?
Freaks on the floor, freaks on the floor
How many of y'all freaks on the low?

Come through bumpin' that new funkadelic, that new funkadelic
Come through bumpin' that new funkadelic, that new funkadelic
Ice Cube got that new funkadelic, you know, that new funkadelic
Ice Cube got that new funkadelic, better run, go tell it
What's up for the evenin'?
I ain't into trickin', I'm into treatin'
What's up for the evenin'?
I ain't into trickin', bitch, I'm into treatin'
What's up for the evenin'?
I ain't into trickin', I'm into treatin'
What's up for the evenin'?
I ain't into trickin', I'm into treatin'

You know the beat so sweet like booty meat (Like booty meat)
You know the beat so sweet like booty meat (Hahaha)
You know the beat so sweet like booty meat
No matter who you meet, you can move your feet4Embed
They ask me why I'm still in the game
Is it for the love or for the money?
And if everybody gettin' paid in love, I'm in it for the love
But if everybody gettin' paid in money

One for the money
Two for the money, uh
Three for the money
What the fuck is so funny?
Just 'cause you got the honey, can't get nothin' from me
Who I look like, the fuckin' Easter Bunny?

Release the Kraken, yup, and I get it crackin'
Mother fuckers better run when I Enter the Dragon
When I'm stackin', all y'all fuckin' tails'll be waggin'
Still khakis and Chucks, bitch, you know the fashion
Never change even though you look so strange
I'ma keep it one hunnid, you can keep the change
Some of y'all in the game for sex and drugs
But I'm in the game for checks and love, nigga

One for the money (Yeah)
Two for the money
Three for the money
What the fuck is so funny? (Bitch)
Just 'cause you got the honey, can't get nothin' from me (No)
Who I look like, the fuckin' Easter Bunny?
You might also like
You bitches back up, you niggas act up
And knock down everything that I stack up
You better clean up before I re-up
I'm outta site bitch, Scotty beam me up
Some niggas hypnotized by the ass and the thighs
But pretty eyes won't get you on the Enterprise
It's shitty (What?), that God don't like ugly
It's a pity that I could give a fuck about pretty, bitch

One for the money
Two for the money
Three for the money
What the fuck is so funny?
Just 'cause you got the honey, can't get nothin' from me (No)
Who I look like, the fuckin' Easter Bunny?

Baby, baby, I know what you all about
Tryna get me to pull them dollars out
Fake hair, fake eyes, shit, I say no more
Fake titties, fake ass, what I'm payin' for?
Did it occur, you look like her?
And after these drinks you all look like a blur (God damn)
Even Superman lookin' for a bitch tonight
Understand that pussy like Kryptonite
One for the money
Two for the money
Three for the money
What the fuck is so funny?
Just 'cause you got the honey, can't get nothin' from me
Who I look like, the fuckin' Easter Bunny?

If ain't about a dollar, I'ma have to holla, get at 'cha
Go jump in my Impala
If ain't about a dollar, I'ma have to holla, get at 'cha
Go jump in my Impala

One for the money
Two for the money
Three for the money
What the fuck is so funny?
Just 'cause you got the honey, can't get nothin' from me
Who I look like, the fuckin' Easter Bunny?Embed
The almighty E-A-Ski track
Cook it up
Yeah

Raised a man, bake a man, roll that dough
Smokin' on a Swisha, bloody as a butcher
Cut you in two with mister Ginsu
John Wu nigga from the LA Zoo
Grade A ass, I filet that ass
I make that cash, I birthday bash
I wedding crash, it's the iron chef
The big piece of chicken, that's all that's left
Cake Boss get you full as Rick Ross
All this sugar, don't forget to floss
Get lost if you already ate
Up out the kitchen, nigga, don't violate
Don't 'cha get shot, 'cha fuckin' bloodclot
No you're not, up in granddaddy pot
Shit is hot, baby, if your ass can't take it
Get the fuck out or get butt naked

W-W-West coast dime, you niggas don't want it
I'm still in the kitchen
Genghis Khan with Chuck Taylors on
There's no competition, I'm still in the kitchen
You niggas don't want it
Nigga, she know you rollin' in some dough
I'm still in the kitchen
With all that ambition
Yeah, I'm still in the kitchen
I'm still in the kitchen
You might also like
Have you ever went over a friend's house to eat and his woman can't cook?
Nigga, I shook
Just my luck, fuck a potluck
B-B-Bitch better know how to fuck a duck up
Baby, wake up and hook my steak up
I don't give a fuck about your make-up
Don't come in here with no Wolfgang Puck
Hockey puck tastin' ass shit that suck
People know that my herbs and spices give niggas the itis with no gingivitis
Bite us
They think they gettin' they Wendy's but they gettin' is sugar diabetes
These Twinkies, got 'em wrapped around my pinkies
Cream fillin' comes out when I kill 'em
The cookie monster is up in the buildin'
Willy Wonka, I treat 'em like my children
My favorite

W-W-West coast dime, you niggas don't want it
I'm still in the kitchen
Genghis Khan with Chuck Taylors on
There's no competition, I'm still in the kitchen
You niggas don't want it
Nigga, she know you rollin' in some dough
I'm still in the kitchen
With all that ambition
Yeah, I'm still in the kitchen
I'm still in the kitchen
My gumbo is like straight up Columbo
Ya know? That shit that they grow out in Humbolt
Ya know? They wanna call me the colonel
That nigga dead, this shit eternal
Ya know? Take a look in my cookbook
Everything I do is a good look
Don't mistake my notepad for the Good Book
The nerve of 'em, turn on my oven
Motherfucker so full, think I drug 'em
Hand on they stomach, can't stop rubbin'
Fatten ya up and if ya herky jerky
Carve your ass up in that turkey jerkey
Serve you on a platter with side of clam chowder
My hot sauce ain't just hot, it's gunpowder
Aunt Jemima but my fuckin' syrup
I make a chef take his ass back to Europe

W-W-West coast dime, you niggas don't want it
I'm still in the kitchen
Genghis Khan with Chuck Taylors on
There's no competition, I'm still in the kitchen
You niggas don't want it
Nigga, she know you rollin' in some dough
I'm still in the kitchen
With all that ambition
Yeah, I'm still in the kitchen
I'm still in the kitchen
Give me half a cup of hustle
A teaspoon of game
And a pinch of bullshitEmbed
To all the non-believers (Non-believers, non-believers, non-believers)
(Non-believers, non-believers, non-believers, non-believers)

I make a non-believer say, "Oh my God"
Ain't nothin' too incredible for the Wizard of Oz
Ain't nothin' too regretable for me to lose no sleep
These the cards I was dealt, bitch, read 'em and weep
It's that West side rollin, pussies get swollen
Knockin' niggas down in the pen, I'm bowlin'
Controllin' everything I'm holdin'
I made a promise to myself
I'ma keep it gangsta always even in the hallways of corporate America, break down the barrier
Self-made, Koolaid, fuck what you say
Fuck what he say, pimpin' ain't easy
Don Mega put a dagger in your swagger
Rollin' zones, tell Mick Jagger
Fuck the chit-chatter
I got a bladder full of red cup liquor, yes, my nigga
Drinkin' out the pitcher, I turn water into wine like scripture
Make a toast, every dose is a overdose
And that ghost'll make your ass do the holy ghost

Make believers outta non-believers
Make believers out the overseers
Make 'em bow down when they need us
We got some non-believers out there
Make believers outta non-believers
Make believers out the overseers
Make 'em bow down when they need us
They got to bow down when they need us
You might also like
Boo, I pop up like a phantom
And niggas got to take the ass whoopin' that I hand 'em
Yup, the guys call me Samson, I'm dangerous with a Samsung
Call my niggas at random and they quick to make ugly outta handsome
Old rappers, I fuck up your grandson
New rappers, meet Charlie Manson
I brainwash your damn son, yup, he'll leave the house with a handgun
But if he ran into Zimmerman, pull it out homie, you ain't got to run
It's a cold, cold world for all these non-believers and underachievers
These fake ass bitches and divas
Where the fuck will they go when they leave us?

Make believers outta non-believers
Make believers out the overseers
Make 'em bow down when they need us
We got some non-believers out there
Make believers outta non-believers
Make believers out the overseers
Make 'em bow down when they need us
They got to bow down when they need us

Don't get hogtied fuckin' with the raw hide
My four-five make the law hide
For life, gangsta for life
Think about your wife 'fore you play with your life
It's that rattlesnake from the battle state, trick
That python with the mic on, bitch
Palm trees are like napalm, grimy
In my hood he like Treyvon, try me
I'm walkin' home with my Skittles
The neighborhood watch first house to get riddled
Bust, leave bullets in your pillow
You fuckin' hero, don't make that bitch a widow
This gon' hurt just a little
White people, stop sayin' "ghetto"
It's like the pot callin' the kettle
Damn, you the reason why we ghetto
We got some non-believers out there
Make believers outta non-believers
Make believers out the overseers
Make 'em bow down when they need us
They got to bow down when they need us

Can you believe this motherfuckin' shit?
Havin' faith is believin' in somethin' you have yet to see
You got to believe in somethin', homie
Why not believe in me?2Embed
Run and get your bigger crew (Better, better)
Run and-run and get your bigger crew (Nigga better run, run)
Run and get your bigger crew
'Cause it's Judgment Day and Ice Cube is Terminigga 2
(Nigga better run, run)
Run and get your bigger crew (Better, better run, run)
Run and-run and get your bigger crew (Niggas better run, run)
Run and get your bigger crew
'Cause it's Judgment Day and Ice Cube is Terminigga 2

Gun blast, one ass, nigga, what ya doin'?
You fuckin' with J.R. Ewing - muthafucka, who you think you're screwin'?
I got enough shit brewin' to leave blood in your urine
When the West Coast say it, muthafuckas do it
If I had a brick wall, you'd run right through it
Like your ass Greg Pruitt, fold through it
My shit work, just like drew it
And it ain't nothin' to it, nigga, full steam ahead
I'll retire when I'm dead
If the word keep spinnin' and I keep on sinnin'
Will I reach my end before my beginnin'?
Would the devil keep grinnin' at my black ass?
I ain't the one on TV, lookin' like a jackass
I'm Jumpin' Jack Flash, jumpin' on cash
Humpin' on ass, dumpin' four mags
You might also like
Run and get your bigger crew (Better, better)
Run and-run and get your bigger crew (Niggas better)
Run and get your bigger crew
'Cause it's Judgment Day and Ice Cube is Terminigga 2
(You better, better run, run)
Run and get your bigger crew (You better, better run, run)
Run and-run and get your bigger crew (You better, better run, run)
Run and get your bigger crew (Yeah)
'Cause it's Judgment Day and Ice Cube is Terminigga 2

It take a nation of niggas to hold us back
It take a 12-gauge shell to blow your back
It take a dumb ass bitch to hold a sack
It take a nigga like me, I'm a maniac
I'm a maniac, I'm a maniac
Call me brainiac, niggas chain react
I'm arrangin' that - nigga, lay ya flat
Niggas hatin' that, 'cause I ain't got to rap
It goes one for the money, two for the show
Three for the pussy, four for the glow
Five for the rookies, six for the pros
Seven for the numbers of them fuckin' zeroes
Eight for the haters, nine for the cause
Ten for my niggas behind big walls
Fuck these devils and these laws
Never question the size of Ice Cube's balls
Run and get your bigger crew (Niggas better, better run, run)
Run and-run and get your bigger crew (Y'all better run, run)
Run and get your bigger crew
'Cause it's Judgment Day and Ice Cube is Terminigga 2
(Niggas better run, run)
Run and get your bigger crew (You better run, run)
Run and-run and get your bigger crew (Better, better run, run)
Run and get your bigger crew
'Cause it's Judgment Day and Ice Cube is Terminigga 2

Fuck the law, you a beast with a badge
Hope that you get a hot piece in ya ass (In ya ass)
Stickin' dick to your partner's wife
That's how he got shot on that mysterious night
Now, I knew a nigga named Officer White
He was pushin' that white out of a black-and-a-white
And if you didn't act right, he'd come in and knock
Niggas head with crack, meet Officer Black, ya know
Denzel didn't have to act
All had to do was step back and watch maniac
Chain react, watch my cranium crack
Watch these muthafuckas lie and claim I'm on crack
George Bush is like Damien's back
Can't trust no Republican or Democrat
Do I wonder if they care about my black ass?
Who gives a fuck, a nigga still gotta stack cash
Run and get your bigger crew (You better, better run, run)
Run and-run and get your bigger crew (You better, better run, run)
Run and get your bigger crew
'Cause it's Judgment Day and Ice Cube is Terminigga 2
(You better, better run, run)
Run and get your bigger crew (You better, better run, run)
Run and-run and get your bigger crew (You better, better run, run)
Run and get your bigger crew (Yeah)
'Cause it's Judgment Day and Ice Cube is Terminigga 2
Run and get your bigger crew1Embed
"At the bottom of our news tonight, there's been a new animal aimed in the direction of falling off the face of the Earth. Yes, young black teenagers are reported to be the oldest, and the newest, creatures added to the endangered species list. As of now, no efforts have been made to preserve the Blacks. When asked why, a top law official adds, 'Because they make good game hunting'"
(A young nigga got it bad cause I'm brown)

Peace? Hahaha, don't make me laugh!
All I hear is motherfuckers rappin' succotash
Livin' large, tellin' me to get out the gang
I'm a nigga, gotta live by the trigga
How the fuck do you figure
That I can say "Peace" and the gunshots will cease?
Every cop killing goes ignored
They just send another nigga to the morgue
A point scored, they could give a fuck about us
They rather catch us with guns and white powder
If I was old, they'd probably be a friend of me
Since I'm young, they consider me the enemy
They kill ten of me to get the job correct
To serve, protect, and break a nigga's neck
Cuz I'm the one with the trunk of funk
And "Fuck tha Police" in the tape deck
You should listen to me cuz there's more to see
Call my neighborhood a ghetto cuz it houses minorities
The other color don't know you can run but not hide
These are tales from the darkside
You might also like
All of us are endangered, damn!
(A young nigga got it bad cause I'm brown)
(A young nigga got it bad cause I'm brown)

You wanna free Africa? I'll stare at ya
Cuz we ain't got it too good in America
I can't fuck with them overseas
My homeboy died over ki's
Of cocaine, it was plain and simple
The 9mm went (buck) to the temple
(Buck, buck, buck) was the sound I put the bitch down
And ran to the schoolyard bathroom
Looked in the trash can, yo it had room
So I ducked my ass in it for a minute
Covered with trash I had to lay back
Mad as fuck, thinkin' about the payback
Tonight the crew gonna have a little fun
I went home and cut the barrel off my shotgun
It's gettin' critical - I stole a 5.0
I let it go - drive real slow
I yelled out "Ice Cube, sucka"
The shotgun kicked, and it murdered motherfuckers
I told you last album
"When I got a sawed-off, bodies are hauled off"
Its a shame, that niggas die young
But to the light side it don't matter none
It'll be a drive by homicide
But to me its just another tale from the darkside

Standing in the middle of war, the minute we flex
When we die, we won't make Jet
Ebony can't see to the light side
The term they apply to us is a nigga
Call it what you want, cause I'm comin’ from the corner
Same applies to a Ph.D
Who's black - don't wanna roll - sells his soul
Watch his head go rollin’
Who the fuck are they foolin’?
Nobody knows, but I suppose the color of my clothes
Matches the color of the one on my face
As they wonder whats under my waist
(Standin' on the verge) of them gettin’ brown
That's a fact, got a fear of the bozack
Run, run, run, their ass off, they can not hide
Yeah Cube, they can't fuck with the darkside!2Embed
(Let's go!)
All the freaks in this muthafucka, turn around
Drop it like it's hot, take it to the ground
Jack it like a '4, girl, up and down
Do the dick tease, I'ma tell you how

Stick your ass out, hands on your knees (Go shorty)
Move your body, girl, do the dick tease
Stick your ass out, hands on your knees (Go shorty)
Act like you're 'bout to do a strip tease

(Y'all know me) I hit the spot with a knot full of hot shit
Andn keep it gangsta like a nigga ain't got shit
Y'all know I got it, bitches ain't gotta spot it
Hit the dance floor, women get so erotic
Sweat drippin' off, nigga wanna Crip walk
But I stay close, jump on these huevos (Let's go!)
Shake it, mami mami, let me see you get loose
Back a nigga up, make me call Jesus
Don't fall, grab them hips like handlebars
After this, baby, we got to handle ours
Got nerve, don't trip, let's swerve
'Til this hit the curb, high heel and Converse
Didn't say word, just backed a nigga down
I looked around with a shitty ass frown (Oh!)
Put my hands up, nigga, West Coast style (Oh!)
To drive a nigga wild, here's what you do now
You might also like
Stick your ass out, hands on your knees (Go shorty)
Move your body, girl, do the dick tease
Stick your ass out, hands on your knees (Go shorty)
Act like you're 'bout to do a strip tease
Stick your ass out, hands on the ground (Go shorty)
Up and down, let a nigga get up under it
Ass out, hands on the ground (Go shorty)
Up and down, show a nigga what you're workin' wit'

I'm comin' through but I'm always late
Fuckin' wit' hoes tryin' to play Elimidate (Y'all know me)
Don't be dancin' with that nigga that'll hate (Uh-uh)
I'm irate when that booty gyrate (Come here)
I'ma have your ass pop out a cake
And show my niggas that California quake (Let's go!)
Harlem Shake them country pancakes
I see your titties, girl, I know your back aches
I know your thighs sore (What!), from the dance floor (What!)
But don't stop 'cause a nigga need an encore
You see me lookin' at ya, I know you're lookin' back
Tap my nigga like, "Damn, nigga, look at that"
You need a road map to find that pussycat
Ass so fat, you got to show that
Please turn around, please look back
I wanna look in your face when you put that
Ass out, hands on your knees (Go shorty)
Move your body, girl, do the dick tease
Stick your ass out, hands on your knees (Go shorty)
Act like you're 'bout to do a strip tease
Stick your ass out, hands on the ground (Take it to the floor)
Up and down, let a nigga get up under it
Ass out, hands on the ground (Take it to the floor)
Up and down, show a nigga what you're workin' wit'

All the freaks in this muthafucka, turn around
Drop it like it's hot, take it to the ground
Jack it like a '4, girl, up and down
Do the dick tease, I'ma tell you how

To everybody in the house gettin' fucked up
Who don't give a shit, put your cups up (Cups up!)
Don't talk to the bitch if she's stuck up (Stuck up!)
Just let her keep rollin' with her ass on her shoulders
Keep it movin' - girl, you got shit on your collar
What the fuck can a nigga get for a dollar?
I'ma holla at the freak with no problem (Get it!)
With a young nigga comin' straight from the bottom
And I got 'em, doin' that shit mama taught 'em
On her way to the floor, everybody spot 'em
Dance floor too packed, hit a gold room
So I could step back, nigga, see the boom boom
So I could step up real close to the womb
If it feel warm, baby might feel the boom
If I talk the right shit, baby might get a room
Might fuck all night, might check out at noon
Stick your ass out (What!), hands on your knees (And do what?)
Move your body, girl, do the dick tease
Stick your ass out (What!), hands on your knees (And do what?)
Act like you're 'bout to do a strip tease

All the freaks in this muthafucka, turn around
Drop it like it's hot, take it to the ground
Jack it like a '4, girl, up and down
Do the dick tease, I'ma tell you how
All the freaks in this muthafucka, turn around (Turn around)
Drop it like it's hot, take it to the ground (To the floor)
Jack it like a '4, girl, up and down
Do the dick tease, I'ma tell you how (Y'all know me)

Let me put my hands on your ass like that
Let me put my hands on your ass like that
Let me put my hands on your ass like that
Let me put my hands on your ass like that
Let me put my hands on your ass like that
Let me put my hands on your ass like that
Let me put my hands on your ass like that
Let me put my hands on your ass like thatEmbed

Yeah?

Um, uh, is Cheryl here?

Well, who are you?

Tell her Ice Cube is here

Who?

Ice Cube

Ice Cube?
Man, I ain't letting my damn daughter go out with no damn Ice Cubes
Man, what the hell you talkin' about, man?
I brought my daughter up, man, in a Catholic school, private school
Man, what you want with her?
I'm sick of this bullshit
You might also like
Yo, man, let me tell you something

Your daughter was a nice girl, now she is a slut
A queen treatin' niggas just like King Tut
Gobbling up nuts, sorta like a hummingbird
Sucking up the Lench Mob crew, and I'm comin' third
Used to get straight A's, now she just skippin' class
Oh my, do I like to grip the hips and ass
Only seventeen with a lot of practice
On black boys' jimmies and white boys' cactus
Sorry sorry sir, but I gotta be brief
A lotta niggas like bustin' nuts in her teeth
Drink it up, drink it up, even though she's Catholic
That don't mean shit 'cause she's givin' up the ass quick
Quicker than you can say "candy"
The bitch is on my Snicker
And oh man, she can take on three men built like He-Men
Her little-bitty twat got gallons of semen
Fourteen niggas in line ready to bang your
Pride and joy, I mean daddy's little angel
Tell the little bitch to bring her ass out the house
'Cause your daughter's known for givin' up the nappy dug out

I got a big old ding-a-ling
And if that bitch can hang
I'm gonna do my thing with your daughter
Givin' up the nappy dug out
I got a big old ding-a-ling
And if that bitch can hang
I'm gonna do my thing with your daughter
Givin' up the nappy dug out
Look, motherfucker, you better get from in front of my house with that old goddamn bullshit
You curly-haired motherfucker
You better get out of here witcho' lyin' ass
Man, youse a little lyin' motherfucker

Mister, mister, before you make me go
I'm here to let you know your little girl is a ho
Nympho, nympho, boy, is she bad
Get her all alone and out comes the kneepads
I know she is a minor and it is illegal
But the bitch is worse than Vanessa Del Rio
And if you decide to call rape
We got the little hooker on tape, now
Tell the fuckin' slut to please hurry up
And wear that dress that's tight on her butt
So I can finger-fuck on the way to the bed
Been in so many rooms, she got a dot on her forehead
Face turnin' red from grabbin' them ankles
Fuck and get up is how I do them stank-hoes
You should hear how she sounds with a cock in her
Boots get knocked from here to Czechoslovakia
Two are on top, one on the bottom
First nigga got the boots; man, you shoulda shot him
'Cause after I got 'em it was over
Now niggas get lucky like a four-leaf clover
On daddy's little girl
She keeps nuts in her mouth like the bitch was a squirrel
So tell Cheryl to bring her ass home
'Cause the line at my house is getting long, and
I got a big old ding-a-ling
And if that bitch can hang
I'm gonna do my thing with your daughter
Givin' up the nappy dug out
I got a big old ding-a-ling (Yo)
And if that bitch can hang (Yo)
I'm gonna do my thing with your daughter
Givin' up the nappy dug out
I got a big old ding-a-ling (Yeah)
And if that bitch can hang (Yeah)
I'm gonna do my thing with your daughter
Givin' up the nappy dug out
I got a big old ding-a-ling
And if that bitch can hang (Yo)
I'm gonna do my thing with your daughter

Little motherfucker

Daddy, where did he go?

I'll tell you where he went, goddammit
(Mercy)

Givin' up the nappy, givin' up the nappy dug out
Givin' up the nappy, givin' up the nappy dug out (Mercy)
Givin' up the nappy dug out
Givin' up the nappy dug out (Mercy)
Givin' up the nappy, givin' up the nappy dug out
Givin' up the nappy, givin' up the nappy dug out (Mercy)
Givin' up the nappy dug out
Givin-givin' up the nappy dug out
(Mercy)

Warning, when having sexual intercourse with a female like Cheryl
You must use jimmy hat condoms
We're called jimmy hats, have you ever seen us?
Most guys wear us 'round rolled up on your penis
If you're real smart, you will always use us
Put me in your wallet, or some dummy screws us
And going bareback without the bare facts
And have creepy crawlies crawling on your nutsack
So get the J-I-M-M-Y to the hats
It's me and two brothers in a pack
Run out and get your jimmy hats
Small and extra large
Run out and get your jimmy hats
Or this might happen to you5Embed
: Ain't nobody talkin' when I'm talkin' fellas, so shut the fuck up! The following items you place in the envelope as I call 'em off. An empty wallet, legal paperwork. First three, out of the tank!
: Line up, single file on the bench, let's go! Open your mouths, stick out your tongue. Alright, do your ears, one at a time. Okay, bend your heads over, shake 'em out with your fingers. Hands above your head, hands out in front of you. Over. Move those fingers. Reach down and lift your nutsacks. Drop your nutsacks and skin back your dick. Turn back around. One foot at a time, pick it up and wiggle the toes. Other foot. Bend over, grab your ass, spread your cheeks and give me two good coughs!You might also like2Embed
Listen to the preacher man
But are you talkin' to me?
I can't hear ya with a mouth full of pigs feet
Thy shouldn't eat the swine flesh
Ya body is a mess, but ya blessed
With the Father, Son, Spirit, and the Holy Ghost
But my whole neighborhood is comatose
Lookin' for survival
The devil made you a slave
And he gave you a bible
Four hundered years of gettin' our ass kicked
By so-called Christians and Catholics
But I'mma watch 'em burn in the fire
See I'mma G that's why I ain't in ya choir
Cause I see, cause I know
The church ain't nothin' but a fashion show
Get the devil do a one-eighty-seven

And they won't call me a nigga
When I Get To Heaven

You might also likeYour waitin' for the devil to come from the ground
Clown, take a look around
Just look at the cross that the priest is holdin'
A beast, in sheeps clothin'
But I'm rollin'
With that knowledge of self
Cause Heaven ain't just wealth
So mister preacher
If I couldn't pay my tithe
Do I hafta wait outside?
White man, please take another look
Cause we couldn't be readin' out the same book
Cause you's a crook, and I'm a brotha
King James had sex with his motha
Is that your edition? Is that your religion?
Black men you gotta make a decision
Cause God is comin' on day number seven


The same white man that threw me in the slamma
He bombed a church in Alabama
So if I cocked the hammer God won't mind
If I have to kill the human swine
Cause God is a killa from the start
Why you think, Noah had to build his arc
And God is a man from his feet to his hair
That's why you say "amen" after each and every prayer
I just stare at the church man
Spendin' more money on the church-van
But Elijah's got a plan
Got the white man screamin', "Damn, that Farrakhan"
Cause one day these babies'll up rise
Much more than bow ties and bean pies
Kickin' knowledge at the Seven-Eleven

...But when it come to standin' up
We find a convenient excuse, to lay down
Back away from struggle2Embed
I was raised to be white-black, I was raised to be equal to anyone. Listening to you, you are so prejudiced, I just can't believe it! I am shocked! You're scaring me!
What is he saying that you have a problem with?
What is he saying that you have a problem with?

What scares us is I think we hear violence

I think you don't know what the fuck it is you talkin' about!

I'm so scared to go out in the world next year, because I was never a prejudice person until listening to you, it's really scary hearing what you're saying, I'm very scared!

What is he saying that you have a problem with?
What is he saying that you have a problem with?

What scares us is I think we hear violence

I think you don't know what the fuck it is you talkin' about!
You might also like
They're saying questions about us fearing, white people fearing, you know, what will the black folks do and stuff, we should be running down the streets, screaming and ranting and raving cause when you look at the statistics, Who is the one dying? From the policemen? From the KKK? From the skinheads?

What scares us is I think we hear violence

What is he saying that you have a problem with? And why is it when a black man stands up to speak for his people, and all the people stand up to speak for their people, there's no problem with it?
But you saying he said "black", he said "Jew"
When people talk, they talk like that
But why is it, when a black man stands up to speak for his people, you feel so threatened? Everybody's paranoid?
And you talk about black segregation? We live in Harlem and we live in Watts. We live in Bedford–Stuyvesant. That's a form of segregation. We walk through Bensonhurst. We get killed. So what are you talking about?1Embed
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!

I'm in that Hot Thang, gutter lane
Dippin' with that wood grain
So fuckin' hood, mayne
They call me The Boogeyman
In that slow lane, what is your whole name?
I forgot this ho's name, I'll call her Louise Lane
Up on that boulevard, 24's rotate
Ice Cube comin' through, gotta make the hoes wait
Roll at my own pace   nigga, don't hate!
Fuck all you fat-fuckers leanin' up against my paint!
Ice Cube, I steal a little paint (Movie star!)
Fuck you! Pour a nigga a lil' drink!
That's how it's goin' down out here in California
Listen to my people, when a nigga hit the corner!
You might also like
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Mirror, mirror, on the wall
Who is the flyest one of all?

Now pull in the parking lot
Nigga, find a parking spot
Fired up, everyone want to spark a lot
Puff-puff-pass, we out on Ave
Lookin' for a big fat ass to harass!
Is it you? Uh-huh, I see you lookin'
When we roll by, pussy still cookin'
Freaks get tooken when they lookin' for stars
If you don't like my face   bitch, look at my car!
Keep it simple, I told you once befo'
It really don't matter how I get you to the mo'
It really don't matter how I get you in my low
Just hop in, let's go
And let your friends know!
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Mirror, mirror, on the wall
Who is the flyest one of all?

Do ya thang, girl!
Fuck what they lookin' at!
We the dogs gettin' chased by the pussycat
West Coast, baby - with so much gravy
You should call The Navy, ever since the 80's
I've been doin' good, they been doin' bad
When I see you walk by, I'm pursuin' that
But never chase it, my game is so basic
As soon as I lace it   baby, wanna taste it?
Just face it, put me to the test
Ice Cube would ace it, I'm built for success
Fuck a Rockstar! We wanna party like a Rap Star
In the club, in the house, or the backyard (Yay-yay!)
You make it rain with ones, I make it rain with hun's
And we get lap-dance from nuns
They put away they crucifix
And they say, "Ice Cube   boy, you the shit!"
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Mirror, mirror, on the wall
Who is the flyest one of all?
Mirror, mirror, on the wall
Who is the flyest one of all?

I see you lookin' at me
We don't give a fuck!
What you lookin' at?
We gonna give it up!

Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Mirror, mirror, on the wall
Who is the flyest one of all?
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!
Do ya thang, mayne
Fuck what they lookin' at!2Embed
All hail to the West coast, I am the grand wizard
The West coast warlord, and the future is today
'Cause tomorrow - that shit never come
I worry 'bout today and this urban decay
I worry 'bout hip-hop, when did it flip-flop
Get whack, and turn into gridlock
I don't know is it a government plot?
I don't give a fuck whether you love it or not
That's all we got and if you throw it away
You dumb as OJ, off a for-tay
In your Izod, this the rap God
What'chu gon' put up, in your iPod?
Downloader, what'chu gon' do
When your favorite MC, got to sue you
'Cause he got to eat ain't nuttin' taboo
Get your ass beat by Erykah Badu
Cause you wanna steal this good music
Put me out of business, now you lose it

Tomorrow, don't you worry 'bout tomorrow
This is very hard to swallow
Keep your hand up on that throttle
Don't you worry 'bout tomorrow
You might also like
Tomorrow, I'mma handle my business
But today, I'mma drink this liquor
Cause tomorrow, I might be a little quicker
But today, I'm just the same old nigga
You know that shit is still a day away
Do yo' thang baby put your life on layaway
Cause everybody is Nostradamus
Boy don't you know that tomorrow ain't promised?
To all the lil' mamas
Don't do a nigga, like Isiah Thomas
If you a bitch, please be honest
Actin like a ho you're not an an-gel
While you're, daydreamin 'bout your future
Motherfucka come around the corner and shoot you
Don'tcha, get stuck in neutral
Put your shit in drive, while you still alive cause

Tomorrow, don't you worry 'bout tomorrow
This is very hard to swallow
Keep your hand up on that throttle
Don't you worry 'bout tomorrow

Tomorrow! That shit never come
I know it sounds strange but today is never done
I'm up in the Range when the clock strikes one
While y'all countin sheep, I'm countin Benja-mons
Up on my feet at the break of the sun
President of the Gangster Na-tion
We don't go to war, we go to the store
We rob from the rich, and give to the poor
Hip-Hop, oh what a bore
Lettin college motherf**kers run the front door
(Fuck that!) Let's take it back to the streets
Don't let Viacom, dictate the heat
The nerve of them, I never heard of dem
Askin me about, my urban spins
And if I got about, a thousand of them
I'm a crate MC, accordin to them
Fuck that!
Tomorrow, don't you worry 'bout tomorrow
This is very hard to swallow
Keep your hand up on that throttle
Don't you worry 'bout tomorrow
Tomorrow, don't you worry 'bout tomorrow
This is very hard to swallow
Keep your hand up on that throttle
Don't you worry 'bout tomorrow

All hail to the West coast, I am the grand wizard
The West coast warlord, the future is today
Get your grind on mayne, get your grind on mayne, get your grind on1Embed
Ice Cube bomaye! (yeah), bomaye!
Ice Cube bomaye! (kill 'em!), bomaye!
Ice Cube bomaye! bomaye!
Ice Cube bomaye! (kill 'em!), bomaye!

What's up baller, I'm a owner now
You niggas ball for me
And I be kickin' it up in my suite
Lookin' down, ain't none of y'all fuckin' with me
I'm like a bully that you mother fuckers hatin' to see
Better whisper my name, like the Wizard of Oz
If you say it 3 times, a lyrical barrage
This is not a mirage, there's no way to dodge
This career ending, metaphor collage
I'm swearing to God, this worse than Jihad
Fuckin' with Cube is like the book of Eli
I'm pullin' my blade, I'm slicing you bastards
You local motherfuckas, I rap to the masses
You internet bitches, my pen is so vicious
The genie's out the bottle, ain't grant no wishes
Before you attack, you shoulda asked Mac
He woulda told you I'm the architect of gangsta rap
(Kill 'em)
You might also like
Ice Cube bomaye! (yeah), bomaye!
Ice Cube bomaye! (kill 'em!), bomaye!
Ice Cube bomaye! bomaye!
Ice Cube bomaye! (kill 'em!), bomaye!

You mother fuckers in the D league, I'm in the G league
I got the most money, I smoke the best weed
I got the best kids and the best life
With a fine wife, nigga I'm in paradise
Amateurs think it's easy
But you and that bitch ain't about to be the next George and Weezy
Just, haters see me
I'm a pro with a show, that's incredible
You better let it go
Better learn how to do the dougie
'Fore I wrap you in a sunggie
And push you in a buggy
This is Ice Cube, know the people love me
On some spiritual shit, like the man above me
Come on
Ice Cube bomaye! (yeah), bomaye!
Ice Cube bomaye! (kill 'em!), bomaye!
Ice Cube bomaye! bomaye!
Ice Cube bomaye! (kill 'em!), bomaye!
Ice Cube bomaye! (yeah), bomaye!
Ice Cube bomaye! (kill 'em!), bomaye!
Ice Cube bomaye! bomaye!
Ice Cube bomaye! (kill 'em!), bomaye!7Embed
Speaking as a Black man from America, which is a racist society, no matter how much you hear it talk about democracy, it's as racist as South Africa or as racist as Portugal, or as racist as any other racialist society on this earth. The only difference between it and South-Africa: South-Africa preaches separation and practices separation; America preaches integration and practices segregation. This is the only difference. They don't practice what they preach, whereas South-Africa preaches and practices the same thing. I have more respect for a man who lets me know where he stands, even if he's wrong, than the one who comes up like an angel and is nothing but a devil

I don't agree with him because I'm not a follower of Muhammad myself. I think that all people have been mistreated in some form or another, but I don't agree with him; I don't follow Muhammad. I don't think anyone should follow one man; I think they should follow their own conscience. I think the main problem of most negroes is that they feel sorry for themselves, and I think this keeps them back much more than they would be if they didn't feel so sorry for themselves
If Martin Luther King, Roy Wilkins or any of these compromising negroes who say exactly what the white man wants to hear is interviewed anywhere in the country, you don't get anybody to offset what they say. But whenever a black man stands up and says something that white people don't like, then the first thing that white man does is run around and try and find somebody to say something to offset what has just been said. This is natural, but it is done

You know what I think? I just think you've given up. (Given up on what?) On the ideal of an integrated America, the dream of Martin Luther King, I think you've given up. This is not, I'm not trying to be a smart alec, I'm telling you honestly that I think you've given up

You know, it's interesting how white folks sit here thinking that I have a reason to lie to you, as though you are so powerful, and you are so wonderful, and I am so ashamed of my words, that I have to twist and turn. Please. You're not dealing with that kind of man. You're dealing with a man who means what he says and says what he means. Now listenYou might also like1Embed
Damn
Forgot to do somethin', let me see, uh
Oh, yeah— it ain't over, motherfuckers
The motherfuckin' saga continues
Y'all motherfuckers ready for N.W.A? Well, get the fuck up
A bitch is a bitch, so if you're poor—
It was once said by a man who couldn't quit, dope—
Ice Cube writes the rhymes that I say
But now, since he stepped the fuck off
Here's what they think about you
That punk Ice Cube—
Here's what they think about you
Cube was suckin' so much New York dick
Here's what they think about you
Real niggas? Them niggas Dre and Yella used to wear lipstick and lace
Here's what they think about you
Why y'all let his punk ass in the group
Here's what they think about you
When they was in London, they wasn't no good without fuckin' Ice Cube
Here's what they think about you
When I bought the tape, all I know is I wanted my motherfuckin' money back
Here's what they think about you
I smell—
Here's what they think about you
N.W.A. ain't shit without Ice Cube
Here's what they think about you
Here's what they think about you
Cube was suckin' so much New York dick
Here's what they think about you
Real niggas? Them niggas Dre and Yella used to wear lipstick and lace
Here's what they think about you
That punk Ice Cube—
Here's what they think about you
Why y'all let his punk ass in the group
Here's what they think about you
I smell—
When I bought the tape, all I know is I wanted my motherfuckin' money back
Here's what they think about you
N.W.A. ain't shit without Ice Cube
Fuck all y'all
You might also like
Goddamn, I'm glad y'all set it off
Used to be hard, now you're just wet and soft
First you was down with the AK
And now I see you on a video with Michel'le
Looking like straight bozos
I saw it coming, that's why I went solo
And kept on stompin'
While y'all motherfuckers moved straight outta Compton
Living with the whites
One big house and not another nigga in sight
I started off with too much cargo
Dropped four niggas, now I'm making all the dough
White man just ruling
The Niggas With Attitudes? Who you foolin'?
Y'all niggas just phony
I put that on my mama and my dead homies
Yella Boy's on your team, so you're losing
Ayy, yo, Dre, stick to producing
Calling me Arnold, but you been a dick
Eazy-E saw your ass and went in it quick
You got jealous when I got my own company
But I'm a man and ain't nobody humping me
Trying to sound like Amerikkka's Most
You could yell all day, but you don't come close
'Cause you know I'm the one that flow
You done run a hundred miles, but you still got one to go
With the L-E-N-C-H M-O-B
And y'all disgrace the C-P-T
'Cause you're getting fucked out your green
By a white boy, with no Vaseline
Now you're getting done without Vaseline
Now you're getting done without Vaseline
Now you're getting done without Vaseline
Damn, it feels good to see people, on it
The bigger the cap, the bigger the peeling
Who gives a fuck about a punk-ass villain?
You're getting fucked real quick
And Eazy dick is smelling like MC Ren's shit
Tried to tell you a year ago
But Willie D told me to let a ho be a ho, so
I couldn't stop you from getting ganked
Now let's play big bank take little bank
Tried to diss Ice Cube, it wasn't worth it
'Cause the broomstick fit your ass so perfect
Cut my hair? Nah, cut them balls
'Cause I heard you like giving up the drawers
Gang-banged by your manager, fella
Getting money out your ass like a motherfucking ready teller
Giving up the dollar bills
Now they got The Villain with a purse and high-heels
So don't believe what Ren say
'Cause he's going out like Kunta Kinte
But I got a whip for you, Toby
Used to be my homie, now you act like you don't know me
It's a case of divide and conquer
'Cause you let a Jew break up my crew
House nigga gotta run and hide
Yelling Compton, but you moved to Riverside
So don't front, MC Ren
'Cause I remember when you drove a B210
Broke as a motherfucking joke
Let you on the scene to back up the first team
It ain't my fault, one nigga got smart
And they ripping your asshole apart
By taking your green
Oh, yeah, The Villain does get fucked with no Vaseline
Now you're getting done— get— getting done
Now you're getting done— get— getting done
Now you're getting done without Va— Va— Va— Va— Vaseline

I never have dinner with the president
I never have dinner with the president
I never have dinner with the president
And when I see your ass again, I'll be hesitant
Now I think you a snitch
Throw a house nigga in a ditch
Half pint bitch, fucking your homeboys, you little maggot
Eazy-E turned faggot
With your manager, fella
Fucking MC Ren, Dr. Dre, and Yella
But if they were smart as me
Eazy-E would be hanging from a tree
With no Vaseline
Just a match and a little bit of gasoline
Light 'em up, burn 'em up, flame on
'Til that Jheri curl is gone
On a permanent vacation
Off the massa plantation
Heard you both got the same bank account
Dumb nigga, what you thinking 'bout?
Get rid of that devil real simple
Put a bullet in his temple
'Cause you can't be the Nigga 4 Life crew
With a white Jew telling you what to do
Pulling wools with your scams
Now I gotta play The Silence of the Lambs
With a midget who's a punk too
Tryin' to fuck me, but I'd rather fuck you
Eric Wright
Punk, always into something, gettin' fucked at night
By Mister Shitpacker
Bend over for the goddamn cracker
No Vaseline

Motherfuckin' nosejob havin'-ass
Motherfuckin' Jheri Curl light, Ambi wearing motherfuckin' bitch105Embed
You alright, my nigga?
Nigga, you die for the cause nigga
You know what this is
This is Los Angeles (what it is)
G-Gang capital of the nation
This is Los Angeles (the South Central area)
And you can see him if you slow down now
Alright y'all!
I want y'all to put your hands together
Is that him? (Ice Cube)
Could I be right? (I-I-Ice Cube)

Ice Cube mutherfucker, with my nigga C-Toons
The C stands for Crazy, yeah nigga we loose
And we been saggin', before Bin Laden
Been braggin' 'bout his first underground cabin
An you been faggin', like a ciso dragon
Tail wagon, San Francisco actin'
Come through lookin' 6'8
Makin' bitches wait
Can't believe that nigga Cube is on a mixtape (exclusive)
Only large niggas dictatе
Where they rhymеs go
As time go, watch you mind blown
If not, let my n### (aaah)
Like a rhino b## rhino
Little homies call me El Grando
Cube Callico
You can go ###
Better yet, you can get the dick mane
That shit mane, and don't try to ###
You might also like
Bitch nigga stay back
Or get your bitch ass laid back
By this dark path, gangster shit full of (brrrr)
One gat is all that I need, to put you to rest (bang bang)
Put two slugs dead in your chest
One gat is all that I need, all, all that I need, all that I need, to put you to rest
One gat is all that I need, to put you to rest (bang bang)
Put two slugs dead in your chest
One gat is all that I need, all, all that I need, all that I need, to put you to rest
One gat is all that I need, to put you to rest (bang bang)
Put two sl###

Shit mane
You think you tough!
Little niggaEmbed
My juice is 900 proof
Only message to the youth
I'm reckless in the booth
My juice is 900 proof
Only message to the youth
I'm reckless in the booth

I tell you no lies, please recognize
I'll serve your monkey ass, two piece and some fries
Niggas realize, it's not a disguise
This hardcore shit will make your home girl strip
Make you wanna take a sip of that red cup
Guess what, rest up, don't give a fuck
Never did, small shit is irrelevant
Heaven knows only live for the hell of it
Know the elephant, hate anything celibate
Don't really give a damn, what I tell a bitch
Home going to the moon might see you soon
Try to get the outlaw out the saloon
Hear the click clack first then you hear the boom
Get the fuck off my clap, mushroom
Get out my face fore' I drop you
Don't try to gamble, with Earl Campbell (nah-ah)
I scramble your eggs boy
Replace your arms with your motherfucking legs boy
They call me Dexter, Dave Hester, Clyde Drexler
MMA, you's a wrestler
You might also like
(Real talk)
My juice is 900 proof
Only message to the youth
I'm reckless in the booth
My juice is 900 proof
Only message to the youth
I'm reckless in the booth

I don't know why these suckers is frontin'
Like they ain't runnin' and duckin'
With my team start that buckin' and fuckin'
That's what happen when you get somethin' from nothin'
Any motherfuckers that wanna kick it done out in public
OMG motherfucker and it's good to be home
And I say sorry for the wait but I was burning the throne
It's time to take shit, (take that shit) got no time for the hate bitch
They talk shit, cause they ain't shit (real talk)
It's that rise of the ape shit
With no Cesar, catch me rocking the pro
Like I'm on that number 8 shit
Niggas in the back wit their traps upon their hats
And they guess they pack all black
They'll take your racks on racks on racks nigga
Thank god the gangster's back
And we ain't gotta put up with this brainless rap
Oh my goodness, OMG and I'm reckless in the booth
And I ain't never been less than the truth, motherfucker!Embed
Let's do it!
Damn
You look, silly motherfucker
Let me, let me ask you a question homie
I gotta know

Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?
Are you the motherfucker that broke in my Mercedes?

Let me tell y'all, the definition of shady
It's a nigga like you that think it's all gravy
Do some dumb shit, dumber than join the Navy
What yo' broke ass doin' with a hundred babies?
Strap it on please, you're spreadin' STD's
Throughout the hood, you's a walkin' disease
You took the bad ones, and you turned 'em into sad ones
Bitch you dumb too, fuckin' with the last ones
You's a crazy nigga goin' in and out of there
Like you love it, but nigga I'm outta here
When they crack the door, boy I ain't comin' back
I'm tryin' to figure out, why you keep runnin' back?
You might also like
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?
Are you the motherfucker that broke in my Mercedes?

Sick with it, bipolar, crazy as the Ayatollah
Went in to buy a soda, now we shootin' at the rollers
He looked at me like "Cube, I thought you was a soldier"
I am nigga, but not for a Coca-Cola
Jumped out my car when his head hit the tar
It bust like a jar but he still wanted to spar
They jumped out, and hit his ass with the taser
Fifty thousand volts turned him into Joe Frazier
Beat they ass, took they badge, took they guns and they cash
Came by the bar, nigga rollin' in they squad car
Blue and red lights flashin' like a superstar
I just shook my head and wondered who the fuck you are

Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?
Are you the motherfucker that broke in my Mercedes?
You've got to be a crack baby, turn into a grown-up
Sharp as a bowling ball, brain like a donut
My daddy told me that the early bird get the worm
He told me that the early dope fiend get the sherm
Three AM, see you ridin' on that bicycle
Old motherfucker, what you doin' on that tricycle?
You's a cold motherfucker like a icicle
With your grandmama purse tryin' to buy a nickel
I should kick ya ass just because she can't do it
Cause all you do is talk shit and you drink fluid
You say "Yeah man, you better get used to it"
They say God is perfect, and I say he blew it

Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?
Are you the motherfucker that broke in my Mercedes?
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?
Are you a grown crack baby born in the '80s?
Are you the motherfucker that broke in my Mercedes?Embed
You're from the west side, nigga nigga
You're from the east side, nigga nigga
North or south side, nigga nigga
Nigga's you're ready to ride, nigga you're ready to die
You're from the west side, nigga nigga
You're from the east side, nigga nigga
North or south side, nigga nigga, hey nigga f*ck what you say
I bail in and say hé

Why you let these motherfucking clones on my throne
B*tch get out daddy's home let it be known
All through these inner streets where niggas ride
Eye to eye in f*cking traffic or we collide
All i know up in this world is to survive
Take this money, take his girl and take his life
And i don't wanna, all i wanna do is bend the corner to the avenue's
Without one running up against the ooze
Mammy get the bad news, cousins already begging for my tennis shoes
I got the diggy diggy daz rindin' shotgun, see them hoes over there watching knock him, cock it back and pop some
Pull up to the left, and cube pull up to the right
Step up to your b*cth get up hope, that's what's she like
A doggpound nigga going hard for the cheese, with my nigga cube nigga
So you know it's bitch please
Don't drop li'll nigga, unless you got one of these, AK 47's white teasing dicktease
On the mission just to get it, i get it and then i flip it
Crippin', my nigga's lynchin, so why don't you just pay attention
You might also like
You're from the west side, nigga nigga
You're from the east side, nigga nigga
North or south side, nigga nigga
Nigga you're ready to ride, nigga you're ready to die
You're from the west side, nigga nigga
You're from the east side, nigga nigga
North or south side, nigga nigga
Nigga you're ready to ride, nigga you're ready to die

Take a toke what you call a joint is a roach, claustrophobic in coach
First class for that ass, me and daz is like a macna blast
You got it have it, how long would your cheddar last
Up in sam goody with your tec 9 in your hoody
If you dont grab america's most, you're a rookie
I got five on everythang, "on everythang", let me rhyme i get live on everythang
The world is mine and i rides on everythang, westside till i die
Let the ghetto sang, "let the ghetto sang", let the metal bang
You know it's on in the motherf*cking streets
If a nigga wanna see me then come find me
Drop you like it's hot, now f*ck you life
I don't give a f*ck about you, b*tch you ain't my type
See whe the nigga's in the club that take your life
Sit yo punk ass down, you ain't gonna fight
So you're a buster, a mob got to see it in your eyes
Let a nigga disrespect your hood, it ain't gonna ride
What kind of nigga is you, i put the flame to the fume
If you run up on me nigga, boy your ass is through
You're from the west side, nigga nigga
You're from the east side, nigga nigga
North or south side, nigga nigga
Nigga you're ready to ride, nigga you're ready to die
You're from the west side, nigga nigga
You're from the east side, nigga nigga
North or south side, nigga nigga
Nigga you're ready to ride, nigga you're ready to dieEmbed
Even though I'm fuckin with the po'-po'
Them nigga know how I act in the low-low
Slow mo', nigga check out my promo
You mo'fo's can't fuck with my mojo
Even though I'm fuckin with the po'-po'
Them nigga know how I act in the low-low
Slow mo', nigga check out my promo
You mo'fo's can't fuck with my mojo

I am the wrong nigga, too fuckin grown nigga
To go for that nigga, I ain't 'cha hoe nigga
I got, a hair trigger, I am the dome splitter
The deep-sea sniper, you got the wrong niggas
Retire like Jigga, here comes the Attila the Hun
Killin niggas for fun, these rappers is done
The bigger they come, the harder they fall
I burn like the sun, continue to ball
Hе's got nuts and plus the Don touch
And split the fine dutch, Starsky call Hutch
Hе's laid, with some sluts, up in some guts
Just back, in the cut, he thinks he's King Tut
Cain't fuck, this nigga up, cause just, the nigga luck
That niggas, really love him and tear the city up
Uhh, even though I'm fuckin with the po'-po'
You might also like
Them nigga know how I act in the low-low
Even though I'm fuckin with the po'-po'
Them nigga know how I act in the low-low
Slow mo', nigga check out my promo
You mo'fo's can't fuck with my mojo
Even though I'm fuckin with the po'-po'
Them nigga know how I act in the low-low
Slow mo', nigga check out my promo
You mo'fo's can't fuck with my mojo

Who me?
A nigga livin' life like a G
In that artillery keepin' niggas off of me
I can't sleep living in these wicked times
Peep, niggas after me 'cause they see I'm stacking G's and heat
You can holler if you want to pleeease
I ain't runnin' with no punk crew beeee
Anemies and my range is on
Tou're in the danger zone
My fuckin' game is strong, Hotline
You suckas better find ya mind I got mine
From hustling and busting them rhymes
Ro my niggas up in Quentin
Down on Riker's Isle stay rile
But a nigga gotta use his styles
These niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile juvenile
Was a problem child
Try to put me in the courts
But my force was wild
Bitchmade ass niggas don't know my style
These niggas don't know my style
Quick to smile juvenile
Was a problem child
Try to put me in the courts
But my force was wild
Bitchmade ass niggas don't know my style
Even though I'm fuckin with the po'-po'
Them nigga know how I act in the low-low
Slow mo', nigga check out my promo
You mo'fo's can't fuck with my mojo
Even though I'm fuckin with the po'-po'
Them nigga know how I act in the low-low
Slow mo', nigga check out my promo
You mo'fo's can't fuck with my mojo

I'm hard, Jehovah said I'm barred from the pearly gates
Fuck him, I didn't wanna go to heaven anyway
But my momma got me on my knees with my hands gripped
Talkin' about some "Praise the Lord" shit
Hail Mary, fuck her, I never knew her
I'll probably probably screw her and dump her body in the sewer
Our father, my pops stuck up dope spots big, black, and mean
With the fifth by the caradeims
What you expected from his next of kin
I'm loco bro, but ain't no Mexican
I got nines in the bedroom, Glocks in the kitchen
A shotty by the shower if you wanna shoot me while I'm shittin' (shittin', shittin', shittin')
The lesson from the Smith and Wessun is depressin'
Niggas keep stressin, the same motherfuckin question:
"How many shots does it take, to make my heart stop
And my body start to shake,"
Even though I'm fuckin with the po'-po'
Them nigga know how I act in the low-low
Slow mo', nigga check out my promo
You mo'fo's can't fuck with my mojo
Even though I'm fuckin with the po'-po'
Them nigga know how I act in the low-low
Slow mo', nigga check out my promo
You mo'fo's can't fuck with my mojo
Even though I'm fuckin with the po'-po'
Them nigga know how I act in the low-low
Slow mo', nigga check out my promo
You mo'fo's can't fuck with my mojo
Even though I'm fuckin with the po'-po'
Them nigga know how I act in the low-low
Slow mo', nigga check out my promo
You mo'fo's can't fuck with my mojoEmbed
Run and get your bigger crew (Better, better)
Run and-run and get your bigger crew (Nigga better run, run)
Run and get your bigger crew
'Cause it's Judgment Day and Ice Cube is Terminigga 2
(Nigga better run, run)
Run and get your bigger crew (Better, better run, run)
Run and-run and get your bigger crew (Niggas better run, run)
Run and get your bigger crew
'Cause it's Judgment Day and Ice Cube is Terminigga 2

Gun blast, onе ass, nigga, what ya doin'?
You fuckin' with J.R. Ewing - muthafucka, who you think you're screwin'?
I got enough shit brеwin' to leave blood in your urine
When the West Coast say it, muthafuckas do it
If I had a brick wall, you'd run right through it
Like your ass Greg Pruitt, fold through it
My shit work, just like drew it
And it ain't nothin' to it, nigga, full steam ahead
I'll retire when I'm dead
If the word keep spinnin' and I keep on sinnin'
Will I reach my end before my beginnin'?
Would the devil keep grinnin' at my black ass?
I ain't the one on TV, lookin' like a jackass
I'm Jumpin' Jack Flash, jumpin' on cash
Humpin' on ass, dumpin' four mags
You might also like
Run and get your bigger crew (Better, better)
Run and-run and get your bigger crew (Niggas better)
Run and get your bigger crew
'Cause it's Judgment Day and Ice Cube is Terminigga 2
(You better, better run, run)
Run and get your bigger crew (You better, better run, run)
Run and-run and get your bigger crew (You better, better run, run)
Run and get your bigger crew (Yeah)
'Cause it's Judgment Day and Ice Cube is Terminigga 2

It take a nation of niggas to hold us back
It take a 12-gauge shell to blow your back
It take a dumb ass bitch to hold a sack
It take a nigga like me, I'm a maniac
I'm a maniac, I'm a maniac
Call me brainiac, niggas chain react
I'm arrangin' that - nigga, lay ya flat
Niggas hatin' that, 'cause I ain't got to rap
It goes one for the money, two for the show
Three for the pussy, four for the glow
Five for the rookies, six for the pros
Seven for the numbers of them fuckin' zeroes
Eight for the haters, nine for the cause
Ten for my niggas behind big walls
Fuck these devils and these laws
Never question the size of Ice Cube's balls
Run and get your bigger crew (Niggas better, better run, run)
Run and-run and get your bigger crew (Y'all better run, run)
Run and get your bigger crew
'Cause it's Judgment Day and Ice Cube is Terminigga 2
(Niggas better run, run)
Run and get your bigger crew (You better run, run)
Run and-run and get your bigger crew (Better, better run, run)
Run and get your bigger crew
'Cause it's Judgment Day and Ice Cube is Terminigga 2

Fuck the law, you a beast with a badge
Hope that you get a hot piece in ya ass (In ya ass)
Stickin' dick to your partner's wife
That's how he got shot on that mysterious night
Now, I knew a nigga named Officer White
He was pushin' that white out of a black-and-a-white
And if you didn't act right, he'd come in and knock
Niggas head with crack, meet Officer Black, ya know
Denzel didn't have to act
All had to do was step back and watch maniac
Chain react, watch my cranium crack
Watch these muthafuckas lie and claim I'm on crack
George Bush is like Damien's back
Can't trust no Republican or Democrat
Do I wonder if they care about my black ass?
Who gives a fuck, a nigga still gotta stack cash
Run and get your bigger crew (You better, better run, run)
Run and-run and get your bigger crew (You better, better run, run)
Run and get your bigger crew
'Cause it's Judgment Day and Ice Cube is Terminigga 2
(You better, better run, run)
Run and get your bigger crew (You better, better run, run)
Run and-run and get your bigger crew (You better, better run, run)
Run and get your bigger crew (Yeah)
'Cause it's Judgment Day and Ice Cube is Terminigga 2
Run and get your bigger crewEmbed
Party people
I said, party people
You know what the fuck to do

Hey!
Hey!
Hey, it is nice to meet ya
I am off the meter
Sittin' here with my feet up
I might Victor the Peter (woof)
They used to call me Simbo
Now I'm in a Lambo
Clean as Tony Randall (fresh)
Don't turn me to Rambo
Will make you an example
Have to blow out your candle
I am simply West Coast
And you better do what I say so

Hey!
Let me see ya goddamn ass up
Let me see ya goddamn hands up
Let me see you on that dance floor
Let me know, you know what you came fo'
Lеt me see ya goddamn ass up
Let me see ya goddamn hands up
Lеt me see you on that dance floor
Let me know, you know what you came fo'
Hey!
You might also like
I keep it strictly gangsta
And I like to thank ya
'Cause I ain't no angel
And this here ain't the same old
This here is the new flow
Your flow? Stuck in neutral
A nigga is high as Pluto
And still can't kick the juto

Let me see ya goddamn ass up
We rock the party, rock the partey
We rock the party, rock the partey
We rock the party, rock the partey
Let me see ya goddamn hands up
Let me see you on that dance floor
We rock the party, rock the partey
We rock the party, rock the partey
Let me know, you know what you came fo'
We rock the party, rock the partey
Hey!

Shake it with ya back, now break it
Shake it with ya back, now break it
Shake it with ya back, now break it
Shake it with ya back, now break it (hey!)
Shake it with ya back, now break it
Shake it with ya back, now break it
Shake it with ya back, now break it
Shake it with ya back, now break it
I'm from California, with an ice-cold Corona
Baby, it was nice to know ya
But I got to bend a corner
'Cause I'm bout to hit the dance floor
Baby bout to get down, get low
Baby bout to get down, get low
DJ, please let that shit go

We rock the party, rock the partey
We rock the party, rock the partey
We rock the party, rock the partey
We rock the party, rock the partey
We rock the party, rock the partey
We rock the party, rock the partey
We rock the party, rock the partey
We rock the party, rock the partey
Hey!

Shake it with ya back, now break it
Shake it with ya back, now break it
Shake it with ya back, now break it
Shake it with ya back, now break it (hey!)
Shake it with ya back, now break it
Shake it with ya back, now break it
Shake it with ya back, now break it
Shake it with ya back, now break itEmbed
Play ball
Yo, what up?
Yeah, Dodger Blue baby
Hey yo, Philly
How do you kill a bird with a bat? (haha)
We ain’t trippin' on no Cardinals, no Red Sox, no A's, no Tigers
It’s all about that World Series Ring
Don't mean a thing if you ain’t got that ring
Tell em y'all

Started from the bottom now we here
Started from the bottom now my whole team here (you know)
Started from the bottom now we here (we here)
Started from the bottom now the whole team here
Play ball
Started from the bottom now we herе (Dodger blue)
Started from thе bottom now the whole team here
LA Dodgers now we here (Dodger blue)
LA Dodgers now the whole team here

Some say Dodgers, others say Doodgers
Win the World Series, baby show your hooters! (play ball)
This is for y’all that think I caught the vapors
No I’ve been down since Fernando Valenzuela
It's the young hog, Yasiel Puig
Come to the plate, give the city what it need
Tryin’ to make a scene at Chavez Ravine
One big swing to bring LA the ring
Bleed Dodger Blue, Tommy Lasorda
I think I saw an old man walking on water
Hey y’all I’m on Crenshaw with Clayton Kershaw
He got the Cy Young, who wanna play ball
It got tragic, I called up Magic
And everybody know that Magic flip the cabbage
Pop Bubbly with Vin Scully It's so lovely, to win in 2013
You might also like
Started from the bottom now we here
Started from the bottom now my whole team here
Started from the bottom now we here
Started from the bottom now the whole team here
Started from the bottom now we here (Dodger blue)
Started from the bottom now the whole team here
LA Dodgers now we here (Dodger blue)
LA Dodgers now the whole team here

T Raww's on, with a dodgers cap
All blue snap bandana, where the mirror at?
Exit of the five, now Magic put the city on the map
Pitching like Ryu, I hit it like Matt
Ball so hard went pro (went pro)
You could find me at the last king storm
You can hate it or love it, Killa leave me alone (alone)
I’ll be the king so the thrill never gone, two on, killa

Yeah yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, (heavy hitter) yeah yeah yeah LA LA
Started from the bottom now we here
Started from the bottom now my whole team here
Started from the bottom now we here
Started from the bottom now the whole team here
Started from the bottom now we here (Dodger blue)
Started from the bottom now the whole team here
LA Dodgers now we here (Dodger blue)
LA Dodgers now the whole team here
Play ballEmbed
Yo, we in a fight for our lives
We in a fight for our lives
And the trip thing about it
I don't know if we can win
And what's sad.. I don't think we wanna win

Can you help me? A nigga need a job
I'm desperate, for some corn on the cob
I'm helpless, will I have to steal and rob?
No black business so I got to ask Bob
Bob got a job but it's done by a robot
No lunch break so it can do a whole lot
Mo' than a human being, and it's European
Ran by a Korean-American
So there I am, surrounded by aluminum
It's nowhere you can run
It's nowhere you can be
It's just you and me, versus modern day machinery

It's man vs. machine, baby
My head's in the guillotine, baby
It might takе it off clean, baby
Automated dreams еquals man vs. machine, baby
It's man vs. machine, baby
My head's in the guillotine, baby
It might take it off clean, baby
Automated dreams equals man vs. machine, baby
You might also like
I'm a fly caught in a web
A fish stuck in the Internet
Don't they know I'm a deadly catch?
Eat this meat, every bite so full of stress
So what can I say to you?
I'm highly relatable and bio-degradable
I thought we was unfadeable
Slaves to machinery, is that the way to go?
I don't need you to fuck
24-7, I gets that computer love
I don't need you to love
Human contact, ain't what it used to was

It's man vs. machine, baby
My head's in the guillotine, baby
It might take it off clean, baby
Automated dreams equals man vs. machine, baby
It's man vs. machine, baby
My head's in the guillotine, baby
It might take it off clean, baby
Automated dreams equals man vs. machine, baby

The whole world is automated
It need to be investigated
When people are eliminated
What we 'posed to do when it's time to feed all the babies?
The whole world is automated
It need to be investigated
When people are eliminated
What we 'posed to do when it's time to feed all the babies?Embed
Up early in the morning, dressed in black
Don't ask why? Cause I'm down in a suit and tie
They killed a homie that I went to school with (Damn!)
I tell ya life ain't shit to fool with
I still hear the screams from his mother
While my nigga laid dead in the gutter (Shit!)
And it's getting to my temple
Why is that the only time black folks get to ride in a limo?
It makes me so mad I want to get my sawed-off
And have some bodies hauled off
But no, I pay my respects and I'm through
Hug my crew, (whaddup Cube?) and maybe shed a tear or two
Then I wanna get blitzed
Grab my 40 ounce and then I reminisce
About a brother who had to be the one and only
So I dedicate this to my dead homiez

Another homie got murdered on a shakedown {3 gun shots}
And his mother is at the funeral, havin' a nervous breakdown
Two shots hit him in the face when they blasted {2 gun shots}
A framed picture and a closed casket
A single file line about 50 cars long
All driving slow with they lights on
He got a lot of flowers and a big wreath
What good is that when you're six feet deep?
I look at that shit and gotta think to myself
And thank God for my health
Cause nobody really ever know it
When it's gonna be they family on the front row
So I take everything slow, go with the flow
And shut my motherfuckin' mouth if I don't know(Word!)
Cause that's what Pops told me
But I wish he could have said it...to my dead homiez
You might also like
I remember we painted our names on the wall for fun
Now it's "Rest in Peace" after every one
Except me, but I ain't the one to front
Seems like I'm viewin' a body after every month
Plus, I knew him when he was yea big
Pour beer on the curb before I take a swig
But somethin' ain't right
When it's a tragedy, that's the only time that the family's tight
Lovin' each other in a caring mood
There's lots of people and lots of food
They say "Be Strong" and you're tryin'
But how strong can you be when you see your Pops cryin'?
So that's why Ice Cube's dressed up
Because the city is so fuckin' messed up
And everybody is so phony
Take a little time...to think about your dead homiez6Embed
Oakland Raiders, just win, baby
We are the Oakland Raiders, just win, baby
Don't need no invitation
We are that Raider nation
We rock that black and silver
We make 'em shake and shiver
We make 'em reconsider
And we still committed
So if you want a piece of this, you can come and get it

Touchdown, touchdown
Let's throw a bomb on first down
Let's throw a bomb on every down
First we score, then we clown
Having fun, look around
Nobody loud as a Raider crowd
Nobody proud as a Raider crowd
NFL, how you like me now?
We gon' do this Oakland style
Nothing but action, I'm Bo Jackson
Hit the hole, run you over
Goal line, jumpin' over
Going crazy, lose your soul
Lose your mind, in a black hole
Here's the goal: Superbowl
And everybody here get the gold
You might also like

Al Davis, John Madden
Greg Papa and Darren McFadden
He's a pirate, Ken Stabler
Always will be a Oakland Raider
Art Shell, Gene Upshaw
Jack Tatum, true outlaw
That is Fred Biletnikoff
Lester Hayes is picking it off
Brown brothers, Willie and Tim
Plunkett, Otto, y'all know Jim
Y'all know Lyle, y'all know Ted
Atkinson put you to bed
Dave Casper, Cliff Branch
Tom Flores if you think you can
George Blanda, Howie Long
Marcus Allen come back home


I'm the President of the Raider nation
Please use this as motivation
If you want a piece of this, you can come and get itEmbed
Blacks who ventured across the unmarked border were often attacked
By teenage members of the new gang called The Spook Hunters
One of a handful of white gangs active in this time
It was only natural for L.A.'s newest residents to respond unkind

As white attacks started to increase in the mid 1940's and late 1940's
Blacks started to organize their clubs really as a defensive mechanism
And the boss men or the business men and the Snyder boys and all these
Clubs in south L.A. really were just sorta defending themselves against
White violence that was coming from Huntington Park and Southgate

The demise of the black panthers in Los Angeles is said to be another
Blow to a generation of black teenagers that witnessed many of its role models
Assasinated throughout the 1960's
 spoken
What I'm sayin in so many words, they shoulda let the panthers
Went on because there probably would never have been no crips and no bloodsYou might also likeEmbed
Everythang's corrupt, everythang's fucked up
Everythang's 'bout a buck, we shit out of luck
Everythang's corrupt, everythang's fucked up
Everythang's 'bout a buck, we shit out of luck

Go to school, the teacher wanna fuck the students
Go to church, my preacher turned to prostitution
The prosecution never read my files
That evil ass judge fell asleep at my trial
This shit is wild, chickens get as sick as the cows
Birds fallin out the sky, fish dyin' in piles
Its fishy, politicians smell like my bowels
Talkin' that shit, really crampin' my styles
I got many, now I'm pinchin' pennies no doubt
I squeezed Lincoln so hard, a fuckin' booger came out
Its a shame, I used to be on top of my game
They took the shirt off my back and replaced it with chains
I met Mr. Lee Harvey, from the tea party
He used to hate Obama til' he felt hurricane Charley
Looking for his FEMA check, it's gone with the wind
When em' dicks is in, you know the fix is in

For my birthday, buy me a politician
It's a shame that you got to teach yo' children
Everythang's corrupt, everythang's fucked up
Everythang's 'bout a buck, we shit out of luck
For my birthday, buy me a politician
It's a shame that you got to teach yo' children
Everythang's corrupt, everythang's fucked up
Everythang's 'bout a buck, we shit out of luck
You might also like
Everythang's a scam, beat the next man
That's capitalism, they'll just build a new prison
For you slick ass niggas' that's tryin' to beat the system
Put you on the front line if you ain't re-enlisting
It's hot in hell's kitchen, get ready for the lynching
Brain-wash media, and puppet politician
Keep you out of position, out of commission
By medicine or food, that's not a decision
The 99 percent, is man tryin' to vent
Police grab my fuckin' arm, then they got bent
Now it's in a splint, I can't pay my rent
The interest on my credit card I ain't made a dent
The U.S mint, I heard they bout' to print
But it's fucked up cause' I won't see a cent
I'm sick of gettin' ignored, this world I can't afford
I'm going to the pen, free room, free board, bitch

For my birthday, buy me a politician
It's a shame that you got to teach yo' children
Everythang's corrupt, everythang's fucked up
Everythang's 'bout a buck, we shit out of luck
For my birthday, buy me a politician
It's a shame that you got to teach yo' children
Everythang's corrupt, everythang's fucked up
Everythang's 'bout a buck, we shit out of luck
It's ball of confusion, my niggas they losin'
I know what ya doin', they drug abusin'
My bitches be choosin', my Uzi be oozin'
The thugs be cruisin', they know what you're doin'
It's ball of confusion, my niggas they losin'
I know what ya doin', they drug abusin'
My bitches be choosin', my Uzi be oozin'
The thugs be cruisin', they know what you're doin'5Embed
Please record your message
*beep*

Nah Cube man how we gon' get somethin' how we gon' eat man?
You know you rappin' this shit we can't do no movies
My kids is lookin' at me like "What we doin' daddy? What we doin'?
Have you talked to him? Have you heard anything?"
I know this rap shit takes away a whole 2-3 years away from us gettin' doin' the movie Cube
Come on they waitin' on another Next Friday. Everywhere I go "Give me another Friday" I need somethin' Cube
I'm runnin' out
Man, I ain't gon' lie. I just bought half ounce of weed today... and...
Me and my girl bagged it up and we ready to get it out
She said we could sit over auntie's house this Friday and knock every sap
By Monday we betta sell the whole half ounce
I'm a flip that, get a whole one
Take the whole ounce, flip the other, whole ounce... by that time everybody, word of mouth is that I got Dimes & Nicks
I'm a take the whole ounce, flip it, get me 2
2, make a 4mac. I'm taking the 4mac and flippin' and I'm a have 9 of 'em.... come...
Cube just, come back to meYou might also likeEmbed