Thank you, thank you very much for coming out this evening

Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Hold your applause, this is your song, not mines

Thank you, thank you, thank you, please hold your applause
For I just applied logic—keys, keys open doors
Now I'm balcony, opera, black tux, binocular
Black Luxe, stop it, I shouldn't be so popular
Name keep poppin' up, face keep poppin' up
On the tube, I'm just watchin' Pacquaio box 'em up
How would I know HBO would get a shot of us?
Sittin' so close that we almost got snot on us
Please don't bow in my presence—how am I a legend?
I just got ten #1 albums, maybe now eleven?
More hits than a Now 11; that is no reason
To treat me like I'm somehow from outta heaven
Heaven knows that I've made my mistakes
Thank God, what a guy, as I say my grace!
Who woulda thought by makin' birds migrate for the winter
I be fly all summer? Might I say

Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Hold your applause, this is your song, not mines
Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Do me a favor, don't do me no favors, I'll handle mines
You might also like
Hovi baby, we are really high, really high tonight
We tip the waiter a hundred dollars to keep the ice cold, alright
We the last ones to keep the wise guys code alive
If I can't live by my word, then I'd much rather die
No no, don't thank me, this is just how my suit is stitched
I'm cut from a different cloth, I'm just who the shoe fits
For The Color of Money like a Tom Cruise flick
'Cept I put eight balls in corners without usin' pool sticks
Beautiful music when champagne flutes click, eh
Beautiful women sippin' through rouge lips, eh
Dangers approaches, we're like: "Wait, who's this?"
Let us save you some trouble, son, what size suit you is?
This way after the Ruger shoots through a few clips
You can lay in your casket just as you is
We appreciate the target practices
We'll be sure to send flower baskets, kid

Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Hold your applause, this is your song, not mines
Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Do me a favor, don't do me no favors, I'll handle mines

I was gonna kill a couple rappers, but they did it to themselves
I was gon' do it with the flow, but they did it with their sales
I was gon' 9/11 'em, but they didn't need the help
And they did a good job, them boys is talented as hell
'Cause not only did they brick, they put a building up as well
Then ran a plane into that building and when that building fell
Ran to the crash site with no masks and inhaled
Toxins deep inside their lungs until both of them was filled
Blew a cloud out like a L into a jar, then took a smell
'Cause they heard that second hand smoke kills
Niggas thought they was ill, found out they was ILL
And it's like you knew exactly how I wanted you to feel
Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Hold your applause, this is your song, not mines
Thank you, thank you, thank you, you're far too kind
Do me a favor, don't do me no favors, I'll handle mines

We are really high, really really high, no
Really really high, really high tonight, ha
We are really high, really high tonight
We are really high, really high tonight
Lucky Lefty,, kiss the wife goodnight for me, hehe13Embed

You're now tuned into the muh'fuckin' greatest!
(Ugh, ugh, uh-huh-uh-huh, ugh)
(Jigga, uh-huh-uh, uh-uh)
Turn the music up in the headphones (Jigga)
(Uh-huh-uh, Jigga, uh-uh, uh-uh, ugh)
Tim, you can go on and brush your shoulders off, nigga
I got you
(Ugh, ch-ch, ugh, ugh, Jigga)
Ugh, yeah

If you feelin' like a pimp, nigga, go on—brush your shoulders off
Ladies is pimps, too; go on—brush your shoulders off
Niggas is crazy, baby; don't forget that boy told you
Get that dirt off your shoulder

I probably owe it to y'all, prolly be locked by the force
Tryna hustle some things that go with the Porsche
Feelin' no remorse, feelin' like my hand was forced
Middle finger to the law, nigga, grippin' my balls
Said, the ladies, they love me — from the bleachers, they screamin'
All the ballers is bouncin' — they like the way I be leanin'
All the rappers be hatin' off the track that I'm makin'
But all the hustlers — they love it just to see one of us make it
Came from the bottom of the bottom to the "Top of the Pops"
Nigga, London (Woo), Japan (Woo), and I'm straight off the block
Like a running back — get it, man? I'm straight off the block
I can run it back, nigga, ‘cause I'm straight with the Roc
You might also like
If you feelin' like a pimp, nigga, go on — brush your shoulders off
Ladies is pimps, too; go on — brush your shoulders off
Niggas is crazy, baby; don't forget that boy told you
Get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder

Your homie Hov' in position, in the kitchen with soda
I just whipped up a watch, tryna get me a Rover (Woo)
Tryna stretch out the coca, like a wrestler, yessir
Keep the heckler close — you know them smokers'll test you
But, like, 52 cards went out — I'm through dealin'
Now, 52 bars come out — now, you feel 'em
Now, 52 cars roll out; remove ceiling in case 52 broads come out
Now, you chillin' with a boss, bitch, of course; "S.C." on the sleeve
At the 40/40 club, ESPN on the screen
I paid a grip for the jeans (Woo), plus, the slippers is clean (Woo)
No chrome on the wheels (Woo), I'm a grown-up for real, chyeah!

If you feelin' like a pimp, nigga, go on — brush your shoulders off
Ladies is pimps, too; go on — brush your shoulders off
Niggas is crazy, baby; don't forget that boy told you
Get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder
Your boy back in the building; Brooklyn, we back on the map
Me and my beautiful bee-itch in the back of that 'Bach
I'm the realest that run it, I just happen to rap
I ain't gotta clap at 'em — niggas scared of that black
I drop that Black Album, then I back out it
As the best rapper alive — nigga, ask 'bout me
From bricks to Billboards, from grams to Grammys
From O's to opposite Orphan Annie
You gotta pardon Jay for sellin' out the Garden in a day
I'm like a young Marvin in his hey'
I'm a hustler, homie; you a customer, crony
Got some dirt on my shoulder — could you brush it off for me?

If you feelin' like a pimp, nigga, go on — brush your shoulders off
Ladies is pimps, too; go on — brush your shoulders off
Niggas is crazy, baby; don't forget that boy told you
Get that dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder
You gotta get (Get) that (That) dirt off your shoulder

You're now tuned into the muh'fuckin' greatest!
Best rapper alive
Best rapper alive29Embed
You know, you've got this fantasy in yo' head about
Gettin' outta the life and settin the corporate world on its ear
What the fuck you gonna do except hustle?
Besides pimpin', you really ain't got the stomach for that

The game's fucked up
Nigga's beats is bangin', nigga, your hooks did it
Your lyrics didn't—your gangsta look did it
So I would write it if y'all could get it
Bein' intricate'll get you wood, critic
On the internet, they like "You should spit it"
I'm like "You should buy it, nigga, that's good business" Haha
Forget this rap shit, I need a new hustle
A little bit of everything, the new, improved Russell
I say that reluctantly, 'cause I do struggle
As you see, I can't leave, so I do love you
But I'm just a hustler disguised as a rapper
In fact, you can't fit this hustle inside of a wrapper
Back when crack was what these pills are, I was a real star
Complete with real cars, no video ones
You can come and set up a camera, let the video run
And my real life, complete with real ice
VVS boulders all invisibly set
Head and shoulders, my invisible neck
You see, Hova wasn't digital yet
Before Steve Jobs made the iPod, was getting head jobs
We call that "interneck"
Back when rappers wouldn't dare play lyrical roulette
With a automatic weapon I was rappin' with a TEC
Fresh like Mannie be, chain like anti-freeze
Shoebox full of cash, dealer-man hand me keys
Pantries full of Arm & Hammer
Don't take Nancy Drew to see what it do, I'm a damn G (Ugh)
Just sent a million dollars through a hands-free
That's big money talk—can you answer me?
Before the answer was a three
I was down in Georgetown with a Hoya chick, lawyer chick
Sure, he's rich now 'cause he saw the shit, all this shit
That's why they call him Hov, 'cause he came before all this shit
Bought a six, quarter seven, skipped on them quarter eights
Bought a nine for nonstop Glock work all the time (Woo!)
Guess who's back?
Since this is a New Era, got a fresh, new hat
Ten-year veteran, I've been set
I've been through with this bullshit game, but I never can
I used to think rappin' at 38 was ill
But last year alone, I grossed 38 mil'
I know I ain't quite 38, but still
The flow so special, got a 38 feel
The real is back
HahahahaYou might also like4Embed
All rhymers with Alzheimer's, line up please
All mamis with mind freeze, please line up please
All bloggers with comments, please, I come in peace
Let's see if we can kill your amnesia by the time I leave
All mamis I whored before'll vouch for me
Tell 'em 'bout the time on your momma's couch, mami (Ahh)
All hustlers who ever bought a eighth from me
Take this time out to set the record straight for me
'Member me? Silver bullet, hard top Ben-t-ley
They think I'm out of shape, so I have to jog they memory
Think with indelible ink, I let the pen go
Verses permanently tattooed, serve as mementos
Ugh, I'm so mental
My track record speaks for itself, I'm so instrumental
Allow me to rekindle, let's all Reminisce like Mary did
I think I have to send you a reminder, here it is

Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
I got it if you needed a reminder (uhh)
Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
I think I better give you a reminder (uhh)
Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
I got it if you needed a reminder (uhh)
Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
'Cause I can give you a friendly reminder (uhh)
You might also like
What the hell have y'all done?
To even heav-an opinion on what I've been doin'
What the hell have y'all won?
Only thing you can identify with is losing
Ten number one albums in a row, who better than me?
Only The Beatles, nobody ahead of me
I crush Elvis and his Blue Suede Shoes
Made the Rolling Stones seem sweet as Kool-Aid too
'96, '97, '98, '99
2000, 2001 and beyond
'02, '03, '04, '05
'06 and 7, '08, '09
Back-to-back, double plat', I did what you won't
Men lie, women lie, numbers don't
Ain't nothin' changed for, me 'cept the year it is
I think I have to send you a reminder, here it is

Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
I got it if you needed a reminder (uhh)
Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
I think I better give you a reminder (uhh)
Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
I got it if you needed a reminder (uhh)
Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
'Cause I can give you a friendly reminder (uhh)
Do what I've done without cryin'
In the environment in which I did it in without dyin', my nigga
Then rap like I rap without lyin'
Then tie 'em both together like I am, my nigga
Then write sixteens in between runnin' sixteen bid'nesses
All the while showin' these young punks what the bid'ness is
As if, I'ma let you niggas style on me
As if, now everybody's senile on me
Throwbacks, I threw 'em back, remember those, button-ups?
Young Hov, tell them ordinary Joe's button up
I destroy your 4.0's
And Benz 500's it all points to oh!
Now you niggas 'member me? Tell me how could you forget
Back of Johnny's album cover, red and blue Gucci shit
Ain't nothin' changed but the year it is
I think I have to send you a reminder, here it is

Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
I got it if you needed a reminder (uhh)
Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
I think I better give you a reminder (uhh)
Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
I got it if you needed a reminder (uhh)
Reminder (uhh), reminder (uhh)
'Cause I can give you a friendly reminder (uhh)8Embed

Yo, what's up, pimp, this threats
That's right, that's the, the that's, this threats, pimp
And I'm serious about mine, I'm so sincere
And I, nigga, I'll kill ya, I'll chop ya up
Put ya inside the mattress like drug money, nigga

Yeah, I done told you niggas nine or en times, stop fuckin' with me
I done told you niggas, nine albums, stop fuckin' with me
I done told you niggas, the 9 on me, stop fuckin' with me
You niggas must got nine lives
9th Wonder

Put that knife in ya, take a little bit of life from ya
Am I frightenin' ya? Shall I continue?
I put the gun to ya, I let it sing you a song
I let it hum to ya, the other one sing along
Now it's a duet and you wet when you check out
The technique from the two TECs and I don't need two lips
To blow this like a trumpet, you dumb shit
This is a unusual musical, I conduct it
You lookin' at the Black Warren Buffett
So all critics can duck sick
I don't care if you C. Delores Tuck-it
Or you Bill O'Reilly, you only rilin' me up
For three years, they had me peein' out of a cup
Now they 'bout to free me up, what you think I'm gon' be, what?
Rehabilitated? Man, I still feel hatred
I'm young, Black and rich so they wanna strip me naked, but
You'll never have me like Christina Aguiler-y
But catch me down the Westside, drivin' like Halle Berry
Or the FDR, in the seat of my car
Screamin' out the sunroof, "Death to y'all"
You can't kill me, I live forever through these bars
I put the wolves on ya, I put a price on your head
The whole hood'll want ya, you startin' to look like bread
I send them boys at ya, I ain't talkin' 'bout feds
Nigga, them body-snatchers, nigga, you heard what I said
You might also like
I make 'em wait for you 'til five in the mornin'
Put your smarts on the side of your garment
Nigga, stop fuckin' with me
R... I... P...

That's right there, nigga, nigga, I'm wild
Nigga, I keep trash bags with me
Never know when you gotta dump a nigga out
This sincere, this some sincere shit right here!

Grown man, I put hands on you
I dig a hole in the desert, then build the Sands on you
Lay out blueprint plans on you
We Rat Pack niggas, let Sam tap dance on you
Then I Sinatra, shot ya, goddamn you
I put the boy in the box like David Blaine
Let the audience watch, it ain't a thang
Y'all wish I was frontin', I George Bush the button
For the oil in your car, lift up your hood, nigga run it
Then lift up your whole hood like you got oil under it
Your boy got the goods, y'all don't want nothin' of it
Like, castor oil, I'll Castor Troy you
Change your face or the bullets change all that for you
Y'all niggas is targets, y'all garages for bullets
Please don't make me park it in your upper level
Valet a couple strays from the .38 special, nigga, God bless you
I make 'em wait for you 'til five in the mornin'
Put your smarts on the side of your garment
Nigga, stop fuckin' with me
R... I... P...

Yeah, I'm threatenin' ya, yeah! I'm threatenin' ya!
Who you thank you dealin' with?
They call me Threats, nigga
I been makin' threats since I been in kindergarten, nigga!
Huh, ask about me, see if you ain't heard

When the gun's tucked, untucked, nigga, you dies
Like nunchuks held by the Jet L-I
I'm the one, thus meaning, no one must try
No two, no three, no four—know why?
Because one's four-five might blow yo' high
You ain't gotta go to church to get to know yo' God
It's a match made in heaven when I——'splay the 7
Put you on "The Nigga News," UPN at 11
Where you been? You ain't heard?
Got the word that I'm——that I'm so sincer'?
I'm especially Joe Pesci with it, friend
I will kill you, commit suicide and kill you again
That's right
I make 'em wait for you 'til five in the mornin'
Put your smarts on the side of your garment
Nigga, stop fuckin' with me
R... I... P...

Whattup? Motherfucker, I keep three motherfuckers what?
Nigga, I'll throw a Molotov cocktail
Through your momma's momma's house
Nigga, what the, where everybody live!
Undercover nigga, take your teeth out your mouth, nigga
Chew your food up and put the shit back in your mouth, nigga
And help you swallow
Nigga, I take a mop handle off, nigga
And sweep, nigga, hold on, I'll be, nigga, what?19Embed
Dig a hole, bury yourself, nigga!
Go head! Keep goin'!
I got some nice dresses for you guys
The incomparable H.O

Told ya to get ya money when you see a boss comin' (Yes)
Thought shit was funny, but watch what you see now (What you see now?)
Nothin’ left to accomplish, I done came out and conquered (Came, conquered)
And now what’s that you talking bout we gon see now (We gon' see now)
Dig a hole (Dig a hole)
Dig a hole (Go ahead)
Dig a hole (Muthafucka bury yourself)
Dig a hole (Dig a hole)
Dig a hole (Dig a hole)
Dig a hole (Dig a hole)

I’m still here, mon frere!
I know the cross I bear
They like, “That’s why they call you Hov”
I’m like, “Yeah”
I’m like air, lil' shots go through me
Won’t tear one tissue, no tears, no tissue, not an issue
Don’t cry for me
I peep these niggas from deep
Got a front row seat even if you don’t speak
Silent partner, I hear you loud and clear
Left a fingerprint, you ain’t gotta be there
I’m just waiting til’ you dig a hole big enough to put your whole body in
Then I’m gon' body them
It's nothing but a hobby to him
Simple as a serve in volley to him
Niggas like, “Hov', why don’t you get at ol’ boy?”
Why kill a puppet and leave Geppetto alive?
Why not wait to catch them all together?
That’s why you dig one big hole, one time
You might also like
Told ya to get ya money when you see a boss comin'
Thought shit was funny, but watch what you see now (What you see now?)
Nothin’ left to accomplish, I done came out and conquered
And now what’s that you talking bout we gon see now (Uh! We gon' see now)
Dig a hole (Dig a hole)
Dig a hole (Dig a hole)
Dig a hole (Go ahead, bury yourself)
Dig a hole (Dig a hole)
Dig a hole (Dig a hole)
Dig a hole (Go ahead)
How is niggas dissin' me
I made it possible
For niggas to make history
How is this possible?
Please explain this shit to me
How is it logical?
Have we forgotten our history?
Let’s open our bibles
It's like the disciples, dissing Jesus and becoming his rivals
Shunning the one thing that they owe they life to
You let that man hype you to go against your idol
Knowing good and god damn well this what I do
Think I’m in the office, I’m off my grind?
That’s how kids become orphans
You lost ya mind?
I keep my enemies close
I give ‘em enough rope
They put themselves in the air
I just kick away the chair
Told ya to get ya money when you see a boss comin' (Uh, uh, uh!)
Thought shit was funny, but watch what you see now (What you see now?)
Nothin’ left to accomplish, I done came out and conquered (Uh-huh)
And now what’s that you talking bout we gon see now (We gon' see now)
Dig a hole (Dig a hole)
Dig a hole (Dig a hole)
Dig a hole (Go ahead, bury yourself)
Dig a hole (Dig a hole)
Dig a hole (Dig a hole)
Dig a hole (Go ahead, bury yourself)

Hov gon' get you, I ain’t forget your lil' disrespect
No ho, daddy gon' spank you for that shit you said
It's hard to do when you’ve got nothing to prove
Everybody know you better, you in a lose lose
Cause even when you win, ultimately you lose
Real niggas like, “Why Hov talking to Dude?”
You sellin' in low 2's, only time you went plat
My chain was on your neck, that’s an actual fact
So I’m prayin’ that it spills outside of the booth
That’s when ya’ll niggas outside of your truth
Outside of your league, that’s not what you do
Niggas throwin' Roc signs outside of your Coupe
Don’t look at Hov like he done something wrong to ‘em
Cause he’s on to 'em
He just took what belonged to him
Niggas is playing checkers with chess-playing Hov
This game is over, I don’t know if ya’ll know
You in the hole
Told ya to get ya money when you see a boss comin' (Uh, uh, uh!)
Thought shit was funny, but watch what you see now (What you see now?)
Nothin’ left to accomplish, I done came out and conquered (Uh-huh)
And now what’s that you talking bout we gon see now (We gon' see now)
Dig a hole (Dig a hole)
Dig a hole (Dig a hole)
Dig a hole (Go ahead, bury yourself)
Dig a hole (Dig a hole)
Dig a hole (Dig a hole)
Dig a hole (Go ahead, bury yourself)4Embed
I'm still crackin'
I will not lose, I simply refuse
I dropped the same date as the Twin Towers
I show power
Still I show compassion for others, sent money and flowers
Devote hours
I live in the struggle, I'm addicted to the hustle
I'm conflicted because, dude
America, this land of mine
Is filled with prisoners, with the same plans as mine
So I'm a walking contradiction
On one hand I love my position
But easily I could have been in that prison
And no, I am not a Christian, though I believe in God
But I don't believe in the devil, my beliefs are odd
If we the people was given freewill from God
How could He give the people freewill, without giving you E-vil?
We will hold it together, believe in the Roc
Long after you leave the spot
Long after my breathing stops
My spirit remains vibrant, I will lead the flock
And that's the tip of the iceberg
You might hear Christ's words in my scriptures
But I only write it for my niggasYou might also like6Embed
I been crushing the building since Izod socks
I'm so independent, sh..I might buy Koch
I might not stop
Places to cop, seventy-six floors, you can call me the Doc
Say when, say when
(When!)

Inspired by Basquiat, my chariot's on fire
Everybody took shots, hit my body up, I'm tired
Build me up, break me down to build me up again
They like: "Hov, we need you back so we can kill your ass again"
"Hov got flow though he's no Big and Pac, but he's close"
How I'm 'posed to win? they got me fightin' ghosts
Same sword they knight you they gon' good night you with
Sh.., Thats' only half if they like you
That ain't even the half what they might do
Don't believe me, ask Michael
See Martin, see Malcolm
You see Biggie, see Pac, see success and its outcome
See Jesus, see Judas; see Caesar, see Brutus
See success is like suicide
Suicide, it's a suicide
If you succeed, prepare to be crucified
Media meddles, niggas sue you, you settle
Every step you take, they remind you you ghetto
So it's tough bein' Bobby Brown
To be Bobby then, you gotta be Bobby now
Now the question is, is to have had and lost
Better than not having at 
You might also like
Everybody wanna be the King then shots ring
You layin' on your balcony with holes in your dream
Or you Malcolm X-d out, get distracted by screams
Everybody get your hand off my jeans
Everybody look at you strange, say you changed
Uhh! Like you work that hard to stay the same
Uhh! Game stays the same, the name changes
So its best for those to not overdose on being famous
Most kings get driven so insane
That they try to hit the same vein that Kurt Cobain did
No dangers, so shameless
Invited to the inner sanctum of your chambers
Low chain 'em as the enemies approach
So raise your draw bridge and drown them in the moat
And the Spirit I'm evoking
Hold on

Everybody screaming they want the old Hov
But the new improved Hov hit like Albert Pujols
Everybody wanna hear me talk that money like Phil Rizzuto
But my mind is on Pluto
Bills that I do fold, I now invest on
Trying to find some loopholes in the IRS
As where I used to have a few hoes, I am just
Concentrating on making a new Hov through sex
I've awakened just in time to school those putos
Trying to follow in my shoes with jewels froze
Better adhere to this text 'fore you go
Broke, spending more than you've accrued on silly baguettes
I know silly begets silly you'll learn on your own
At least my conscience is clear, I'm no longer steering you wrong
Ain't nothing wrong with baguettes after you get a home
Take care of your home, you can go back and—ugh!
I'm getting courted by the bosses
The Edgars And Doug Morris-es-es
Jimmy I's and Lyors-es -- it's
Gotta be more than the choruses
They respecting my mind now
Just a matter of time now
Operation: Takeover Corporate
Makeover offices-es-es then takeover all of it
Please may these words be recorded
To serve as testimony that I saw it all before it
Came to fruition, sort of a premonition
Uncontrollable hustler's ambition
Alias Superstition, like Stevie
The writing's on the wall like my lady, right baby?
Saw it all before, some of y'all thought I was crazy, maybe
Like a fox, I'm cagey, ah-ah
The more successful, the more stressful
The more and more I transform to Gordon Gekko
In the race to a billion got my face to the ceiling
Got my knees on the floor, please Lord forgive him
Has he lost his religion, is the greed gon' get him?
He's having heaven on earth, will his wings still fit him?
I got the Forbes on my living room floor
And I'm still talking to the poor, nigga I want more
TIME's most influential, was impressive
'Specially since I wasn't in the artist section
Had me with the builders and the titans
Had me right with Rupert Murdoch
Billionaire boys and some dudes you never heard of
Word up on Madison Ave is I'm a cash cow
Word down on Wall Street, homie, you get the cash out
IPO Hov, no need for reverse merger
The boy money talk no need to converse further
The baby blue Maybach like I own Gerber
Boardroom I'm lifting ya skirt up20Embed
Yeah, uh-huh, watch this y'all
Uhh, watch this y'all
C'mon, Jigga, watch this y'all
C'mon, Roc-A-Fella y'all..
Huh! Watch this y'all
It's  Kid Capri and Jay-Z, come on!
It's Jay-Z and Kid Capri, don't stop, huh-huh!
'Cause I'm like that y'all, yeah
I'm really like that

As a young'un, dumb and gun in the waist
Sold crack to those who couldn't take the pain
And had to numb it with base
Couldn't drink the Henny straight, I needed somethin to chase
Nowadays I throw shots back, leavin' nothin' to waste
Life's like a treadmill, niggas runnin' in place
Gettin' nowhere fast, a whole year done past
I vowed to never stop winnin', 'til the earth stop spinnin'
Rock hot linen, cop hot cars and hot women
If it's not him then you got it confused, y'all not rememberin'
My motto is, simply "I will not lose!"
Abide by the block rules, I buy my Glocks used
With bodies on it, let me know anybody want it?
I'm raised, irrational, ways misunderstood
If you ain't live like I live, then one with the hood
I done what I could, to come up with this paper 'til this day still
Run with the hood, guess it's part of my nature
If hell awaits a, nigga I'm comin' with the razors
Still flashin' ya shit, try to pass me in a six
Type classy on the wrist, every bit of 30 karats
This is, not a game this is not why I came
May these words find a spot on your brain and burn
Then I recycle my life, I shall return
You might also like
How tight is your flow? ('Cause I'm like that yo)
How right is your dough?  ('Cause I'm like that yo)
How white is your blow?  ('Cause I'm like that yo)
Only, write what you know  ('Cause I'm like that)
How tight is your flow? (Just like that yo)
How right is your dough? (Just like that, huh)
How white is your blow? (Uh huh, 'cause I'm like that)
Only, write what you know (Watch this, yeah, watch this yo)

I'm a hop skip and a jump from grippin' the pump
Spittin' a couple of curse words, and hittin' you chump
Shit, I get digits in lumps
I'm a motherfuckin' problem, is this what you want?
Overachiever, I love chicks that puff cheeba in reefer paper
I hate the ones that blow up ya beeper
'Cause I, go in deeper, I only bone divas
Impregnate the world when I come through your speakers (ha ha!)
Fuck hot, my records got the fever
Niggas kick dirt, get ya whole block sweeped up
I creep up when the beef heats up
Caught him with his feet up and shoes off, 'bout to snooze off
Hatin', 'cause you can't turn the booze off
You dudes is too soft, why I don't fuck with you all
I might bark at X, or spit at The LOX
But, other than that, I don't be fuckin' with cats
Just me, Ty and B-High, thug it like that
E, Dame and Biggs, what's fuckin' with that?
Y'all can never diss Jigga, get nothin' for that
Other than a couple of slugs in ya back (ha ha)
Rappers y'all, runnin' around like I won't gun ya down
Last nigga that fronted, two shots spun him around
Lord, accept this offerin' here's somethin' for your crown (please)
I meant no malice, I just met his challenge and won
How tight is your flow? ('Cause I'm like that yo)
How right is your dough? (Just like that yo)
How white is your blow? ('Cause I'm like that yo)
Only, write what you know (I'm just like that yo)
How tight is your flow? ('Cause I'm like that yo)
How right is your dough? ('Cause I'm like that yo)
How white is your blow? ('Cause I'm like that yo)
Only, write what you know (Just like that yo)
How tight is your flow?
How right is your dough?
How white is your blow?
Only, write what you know
How tight is your flow?
How right is your dough?
How white is your blow?
Only, write what you know

Put your hands up, put your hands in the air
Put your hands up, get 'em up come on!
Put your hands up, get your hands in the air
Put your hands up, get 'em up, everybody put 'em up come on!
Get 'em up come on!
You know what I'm sayin'
I'm built like that, you heard?
I'm whole another level, we can put it on, you know
Jigga, Kid Capri yo
Soundtrack to the streets, nigga, huh
'Cause I'm like that y'all, ya heard?
Holla back, bounce with me, bounce
Girls and guns (uh huh), all I want (bounce)
(Bounce with me, come on, bounce)
Stock exchange (uh huh), rocks and thangs (bounce, Jigga, haha)
Girls and guns (Kid Capri shit, huh), all I want
(What's fuckin' with that?)
Stock exchange (like that yo), rocks and thangs
(I'm just like that yo)4Embed
"Most important thing in business is honesty, integrity, hard work, family, never forgetting where we came from."

Poor me, dad was gone, finally got my dad back
Liver bad, he wouldn't live long, that snatched my dad back
Guidance? I never had that, streets was my second home
Welcomed me with open arms provided a place to crash at
A place to study math at, matter of fact, I learned it all
Burnt it all, this music is where I bury the ashes at
Flash back, not having much, not having that
Had to get some challah bread so you can holla back and
Holla at my Jewish lawyer to enjoy the fruit of letting my cash stack
And just in case a nigga gotta use his rat-tat-tat-tat-tat
Own boss, own your masters, slaves
The mentality I carry with me to this very day
Fuck rich, let's get wealthy, who else gon' feed we?
If I need it, I'ma get it however, God help me

And I don't need no hook for this shit

I'm so fa sho', it's no façade
"Stay outta trouble," Mama said as Mama sighed
Her fear, her youngest son be a victim of homicide
But I gotta get you outta here momma, or I'ma die
Inside
And either way, you lose me, Mama, so let loose of me
I got the rein, our direction will soon change
To live and die in N.Y. in the hustle game
Hustle 'caine, hustle clothes, or hustle music
But hustle hard in any hustle that you pick
Skinny nigga, toothpick, but, but I do lift
Weight like I'm using 'roids
Rolls-Royce, keep my movements smooth while maneuvering
Through all the manure in the sewer that I grew up in
Choices we make trying to escape, 'scape
You might also like
And I don't need no hook for this shit

This is not for commercial usage
Please don't categorize this as music
Please don't compare me to other rappers
Compare me to trappers, I'm more Frank Lucas than Ludacris
And Luda's my dude, I ain't tryna diss
Like, Frank Lucas is cool, but I ain't trying to snitch
I'ma follow the rules no matter how much time I'ma get
I'ma live and die with the decisions that I'ma pick
So fuck DeHaven for caving, that's why we don't speak
Made men ain't supposed to make statements
End of the story, I followed the code, cracked the safe
Other niggas ain't in the game, so they practice hate
Leave that boy Hov' alone, why don't cha?
You don't have to if you don't want to, but don't say I didn't warn you

Oh... And I don't need no hook for this shit9Embed

Uh-huh uh huh uh, gee-gee-geyeah
Peeping, watching, streets
You boys are soft like bread
Uh-huh uh huh uh, live from Brooklyn
Uh-huh uh, the streets is watching
Check it, check, uh-huh uh, check

Look, if I shoot you, I'm brainless
But if you shoot me, then you're famous!
What's a nigga to do when the, streets is watching, blocks keep clocking
Waiting for you to break, make your first mistake?
Can't ignore it, that's the fastest way to get extorted
But my time is money, and twenty-five, I can't afford it
Beef assorted like Godiva chocolates
Niggas you bought it, I pull the slide back and cock it
Plan aborted, you and your mans get a pass
This rhyme, you're operating on bitch time
Y'all niggas ain't worth my shells, all y'all niggas tryna do
Is hurt my sales, and stop trips to John Meneilly
The type to start a beef then run to the cops
When I see you in the street got one in the drop
When I'd rather be on tour getting a hundred a pop
Taking pictures with some bitches in front of the drop
The streets is watching
You might also like
When the, streets is watching
Blocks keep clocking
Waiting for you to break, make your first mistake
Can't ignore it

Now it's hard not to kill niggas
It's like a full time job not to kill niggas, can't chill
The streets is watching you when you froze your arms
Niggas wanna test you when your gun goes warm
Can't get caught with your feet up, gotta keep your heat up
Sweet niggas running 'round swearing shit is sweeter
Once you're tagged lame, the game is follow the leader
Everybody want a piece of your scrilla, so you gotta keep it realer
Kidnap niggas wanna steal you
Broke niggas want no cash, they just wanna kill ya
For the name, niggas don't know the rules
Disrespecting the game, want you to blow your cool
Force your hand, of course that man's plotting
Smarten up, the streets is watching (it's on)

When the, streets is watching, blocks keep clocking
Waiting for you to break, make your first mistake, can't ignore it
My street mentality: flip bricks forever, know me and money
We like armed co-defendants, nigga we stick together
Shit whatever for this cheddar ran my game into the ground
Hustle harder 'til secret indictment time came around
Now you can look up and down the streets and I can't be found
Put in 24 hour shifts but, that ain't me now
Got a face too easy to trace, niggas mouths got slow leaks
Had to hire a team of workers, couldn't play those streets
See out of space like Mercury, you jerking me? Hectic
Had to call upon my wolves to send niggas the message
It said this: "Let's play fair and we can stay here;
I'm trying to transform you boys to men like daycare!
Hey, there's money to be made!" and niggas got the picture
Stopped playing with my paper and, we got richer
Then hard times fell upon us, half of my staff had warrants
The other half, in the casket lay dormant
I felt like life was cheating me
For the first time in my life I was getting money but it was like my conscience was eating me
Was this a lesson God teaching me? Was he saying that
I was playing the game straight from Hell from which few came back?
Like bad coke, pimp or die, was my mind frame bad?
Was niggas thinking simplify was turning cocaine crack?
Ain't a whole lot of brain to that, just trying to maintain a stack
And not collide like two trains that's on the same track
But get my life together like the oils I bring back
In the bottom of the pot where no water gets hot
Got my transporter take it across the border then stop
To set up shop with a quarter of rock, here's the plan
For three straight weeks, niggas slaughtered the block
But you know the game is food, it fucked up me and my dudes
One drought can wipe a nigga out, faster than the cops
And this unstable way of living just had to stop
Half of my niggas got time, we done real things
By '94 became the subject of half of y'all niggas rhymes
Public apologies to the families of those caught up in my shit
But that's the life for us lost souls brought up in this shit
The life and times of a demonic mind, excited with crime
And the lavish luxuries that just excited my mind
I figured, "Shit, why risk myself? I'll just write it in rhymes
And let you feel me; and if you don't like it, then fine!"
The mind state of a nigga who boosted the crime rate
So high in one city they send National Guards to get me
Shit, bitch, who's fucking with that? The streets6Embed
Come, get some, ya little bum
I take the cake from under the baker's thumb
I bake the cake, get two of them from one
Then I move the weight like I'm Oprah's son
Uh, I show you how to do this son
You need another helping hand to swing on
I stand alone but still you got a thing on
You're Kobe, you're Shaq, Cagney and Lacey
They still can't bake like me
And if I may make this one thing here
Crystal clear, I push crystal, yeah
Push fishscale, quicker than Qadry Ismail
Re-up, three much, break digital scale
Y'all should wish me well like the wishing well
'Cause if this fail...
Then it's back to pitchin' like David Wells
To make this smell, Jay get knocked
Nigga, Jay get bail
Love pick me up in a grey S.L, the great excel
Rap or raw, I'm walkin' a fine line
Now who been gettin' dough since '89?You might also likeEmbed
You can't roll a blunt to this one
You gotta, you gotta well, ya gotta light a J
You gotta puff a J on this one 
You can't even drink Crist-OWL on this one
You gotta drink Crist-ALL
Buy some red wine, a little Gaja 9-7
You're so contagious, I can't take it
This is for the grown and sexy, uhh
Have my baby, let's just make it
Excuse me; what's your name? Ooh, oh
Yeah, can I get my grown man on for one second?
(You're so foxy, girl) 'Cause I see some ladies tonight
That should be hanging with Jay-Z, Jay-Z
So hot to trot, lady!
Excuse me miss, what's your name?
Can you come, hang with me? (Ooh, oh)
Possibly, can I take you out, tonight?

You already know what it's hittin' for
Ma, I got whatever outside and you know what I'm sittin' on
50/50 venture with them S Dots kickin' off
Armadale poppin' now, only bring a nigga more
Only thing missin' is a Missus
You ain't even gotta do the dishes, got two dishwashers
Got one chef, one maid, all I need is a partner
To play spades with the cards up, ALL TRUST
Who else you gon' run with? The truth is us
Only dudes movin' units - Em, Pimp Juice and us,
It's the Roc in here!
Maybach outside, got rocks in ears
PJ's on the runway, Young got air
I don't land at an airport, I call it the clearport
Therefore, I don't wanna hear more
Back and forth about who's hot as Young, holla!
You might also like
Sex-cuse me... damn!
You're so contagious, I can't take it
Have my baby, let's just make it
I got my Gaja 9-7 on right now
Lady
You gotta puff a J to this one
Can't roll a blunt up to this one, boy
You're so contagious, I can't take it
Have my baby, let's just make it
Excuse me; what's your name? Ooh, oh (AOWW!)
(You're so foxy, girl) 'Cause I see some ladies tonight
That should be rollin' wit Jay-Z, Jay-Z
So hot to trot, lady, what's your name? Ooh, oh
(You're so foxy, girl) 'Cause I see some ladies tonight
That should be rollin' wit Jay-Z, Jay-Z
So hot to trot

Everybody's like, "He's no item! Please don't like him
He don't wife 'em, he one nights 'em!"
Now she don't like him, she never met him
Groupies try to take advantage of him, he won't let 'em
He don't need 'em, so he treats 'em like he treats 'em
Better them than me, she don't agree with him
She's mad at that, he's not havin' that
So those opposites attract like mag-a-nets
She sees more than the Benz wagon, the friends taggin' along
With a flashy nigga braggin' on the song
She gets a glimpse of Shawn and she likes that
He 2-ways her, so she writes back
Smiley faces after all of her phrases
Either she the one or I'm caught in The Matrix
But fuck it, let the Fishburne
Red or green pill, you live and you learn, c'mon!
Sex-cuse me, damn!
You gotta throw on your fine linens for this one
You're so contagious, I can't take it
Have my baby, let's just make it
You might go, you mighta gotta go get you some Scooby Doo's
Lady
Gotta throw on ya Scooby Doo's; those are shoes by the way
You're so contagious, I can't take it
Gotta throw on Scooby Doo's, hehehehe
Have my baby, let's just make it
Excuse me; what's your name? Ooh, oh
(You're so foxy girl)
This for the grown and sexy, only for the grown and sexy
So hot to trot, lady, what's your name? (Woo!)
Ooh, oh, you're so foxy, girl
So hot to trot

Love let's go half on a son, I know my past ain't one
You can easily get past, but that chapter is done
...but I'm done readin' for now
Remember spades face up, you can believe him for now
But ma you got a f'real f'serious role
I'm 'bout to give you all the keys and security codes
'Bout to show you where the cheese, let you know I ain't playin'
But, before I jump out the window, what's your name?
Sex-cuse me, damn!
You're so contagious, I can't take it
Have my baby, let's just make it
Lady
You're so contagious, I can't take it
Have my baby, let's just make it
Excuse me; what's your name? Ooh, oh
You're so foxy, girl
So hot to trot, lady! What's your name? Ooh, oh
You're so foxy, girl, so hot to trot17Embed

Ugh, ugh, yessir!
Just the sound of his voice is a hit, hehe
Y'all niggas got me really confused out there
I make "Big Pimpin'" or "Give it 2 Me," one of those, y'all hail me as the greatest writer of the 21st century
I make some thought-provoking shit, y'all question whether he fallin' off
I'ma really confuse y'all on this one
Follow!

When them tops come down, chicks' tops come down
Like when them shots come out, make cops come around
When them blocks come out, I can wake up a small town
Finish off the block, then I make my mall rounds
Stares get exchanged, then the fifth come out
The tough guy disappear, then the bitch come out
"That's him!"—I'm usually what they whisper 'bout
Either what chick he with, or his chip amount
'Cause I been doin' this since CHiPs was out
Watchin' Erik Estrada, baggin' up at the Ramada
Table full of powder, A/C broke
'Bout to take another shower on my 25th Hour
Spike Lees everywhere, game or the flight
You might see me anywhere, a day in the life
Only thing changed the tail number on the flight
I can touch down and take off the same night
I'm so bossy, bitch, get off me
Trick, get off me, you can't get shit off me
I'm so flossy, no sixes on Sprees
Laid-back, Maybachs, don't even talk to me
You might also like
This is that ignorant shit you like
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick, plus ice, c'mon
I got that ignorant shit you love
Nigga, fuck, shit, maricón, puta, and drugs, c'mon
I got that ignorant shit you need
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick, plus weed, c'mon
I'm only tryna give you what you want
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, you like it—don't front!

They're all actors
Lookin' at themselves in the mirror backwards
Can't even face themselves
Don't fear no rappers, they're all weirdos, De Niros in practice
So don't believe everything your earlobe captures
It's mostly backwards, unless it happens to be as accurate as me
And everything said in song, you happen to see
Then, actually, believe half of what you see
None of what you hear, even if it's spat by me
And with that said, I will kill niggas dead
Cut niggas short, give you wheels for legs
I'm a K-I-double-L-E-R, see y'all in Hell
Shoot niggas straight through the ER, whoa!
This ain't B.R., no
It's S.C., CEO, the next Lyor
No, the next leader of the whole free world
And the first thing I'ma do is free Sigel—go!
Ugh, take off the cuffs, unlock the gate
It's that ignorant nigga that you love to hate
The '07 Ice Cube, B. Sig' so rude
Tell a trick, get these nuts, eat dick like food
Now see if I care if this verse get aired
Even if you mute it, the curse is there, yeah
I'm so raunchy, bitch, get off me
Keep my flea collar on, you lil' ticks get off me

I missed the part when it stopped bein' 'bout Imus
What do my lyrics got to do with this shit?
Scarface the movie did more than Scarface the rapper to me
Still that ain't to blame for all the shit that's happened to me
Are you saying what I'm spittin'
Is worse than these celebutantes showin' they kitten? You kiddin'?
Let's stop the bullshittin'
'Til we all without sin, let's quit the pulpittin'
Scarface the movie did more than Scarface the rapper to me
Still that ain't to blame for all the shit that's happened to me
Let's stop the bullshittin'
'Til we all without sin, let's quit the pulpittin', c'mon

This is that ignorant shit you like
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick, plus ice, c'mon
I got that ignorant shit you love
Nigga, fuck, shit, maricón, puta, and drugs, c'mon
I got that ignorant shit you need
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick, plus weed, c'mon
I'm only tryna give you what you want
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, you like it—don't front!
It's only entertainment! Hehehe7Embed
Yeah, see it's that
It's that Blueprint 3 shit right here
It's that TM 103 shit right here
You ready? You ready Hov'?
Let's go! (Hands up!)

Allow me to re-introduce myself
At the same time re-introduce my wealth
At the same time rejuvenate the game
It's for my old dawg niggas that's used to 'caine
Now what my B-dog said? I respect the game
GD's, Vice Lords, the Crips the same
And I know y'all 'bout to say this off the chain
Tell 'em fake trappin' ass niggas stay out my lane
See I ain't dead or in jail, I can't complain
And when these fake niggas gone, I shall remain
And if you just tunin' in, let me explain
You know I keep that 47, Uday Hussein
These niggas way too far, I played the game
And if you listen hard enough, I say some things
And when that sack got low, I shave them things
And put 'em right back together, I made them things

Now put your sets in the air if you represent your clique
Money in the air if you ever hit a lick, baby
Put your hands in the air if you know that you that bitch
Say you looking for the real? Hey, well this is real as it gets
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh (Wassup, wassup)
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh (Wassup, wassup, this is real as it gets)
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh (Wassup, wassup)
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh (I got it Jeezy, this is real as it gets)
You might also like
Now where that Southside at? Wassup, wassup
Where the West Coast at? Put your W's up
Where my East Coast niggas that hustle to live
And all my niggas up north that's doin' a bid?
Oh yeah I'm rare, I'm aware that I'm rare
I rap and I’m real, I'm one of the few here
These other boys lyin', I wonder if y'all care
They stories out this world, I wonder if y'all hear
But don't really matter as long as they stay clear
Clear of the real shit we doin' over here
When my nigga get home, I'm gon' send him a Lear
For all the time he been down, get him right up in the air
With a couple of broads, get him right up in the air
Mile high club, get him right up in there
Send my nigga some gear like he never missed a year
By the time you hear this song, he'll be standin' right here
Real nigga shit there

Now put your sets in the air if you represent your clique
Money in the air if you ever hit a lick, baby
Put your hands in the air if you know that you that bitch
Say you lookin' for the real? Hey, well this is real as it gets
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh (This is real as it gets)
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh (This is real as it gets)
A hundred million to the good and I'm still talkin' yayo
At a snail's pace, I won this race that y’all trail
Uh, uh, Blueprint's for sale
Followin' my footprints you can't fail
Set sail, I used to duck shots but now I eat quail
I'll probably never see jail
Each tale contains more of the truth
Of the statute allows me to go into detail
Uh, close your eyes, you can smell
Hov's the audio equivalent of braille
That's why they feel me in the favelas in Brazil
And Waterhouse 'cause real recognize real
Rrrah!

You know me, I don't need no introductions
Call me, make a lil' somethin' out of nothin'
Anywhere you go, we the topic of discussion
Damn, that's gotta be disgusting
Ugh, shit make you wanna throw up
This is big boy music, this should make you wanna grow up
Flows like syrup, it just make me wanna pour up
And is it just me or this makes you wanna roll up
A big fat one, then unpack one
Then unwrap one, peel back one
They use to call me Jizzle with the stamp in the middle
And you can tell the color when it's damp in the middle
Wassup!
Now put your sets in the air if you represent your clique
Money in the air if you ever hit a lick, baby
Put your hands in the air if you know that you that bitch
Say you lookin' for the real? Hey, well this is real as it gets
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh (This is real as it gets)
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh
Hey, hey, ohh, ohh (This is real as it gets)

This is real as it gets
Yeah, I'm serious7Embed
Ladies and gentlemen
Goddammit
Let this shit knock

I done turned Havana to Atlanta
Guayabera shirts and bandanas
Every time you think they got me I switch the planner
Bulletproof this, radio scanners
(You got scanners, we got scanners)
Balling 'til they ban us
You getting too much bread, they try to jam you
Boy from the hood but got White House clearance
Sorry y'all, I don't agree with y'all parents
Politicians never did shit for me
Except lie to me, distort history
Wanna give me jail time and a fine
Fine, let me commit a real crime
I might buy a kilo for Chief Keef
Out of spite, I just might flood these streets
Hear the freedom in my speech
Got an onion from Universal, read it and weep
Would've brought the Nets to Brooklyn for free
Except I made millions off it, you fuckin' dweeb
I still own the building, I'm still keeping my seat
Y'all buy that bullshit, you'd better keep y'all receipt
Obama said "Chill, you gonna get me impeached"
But you don't need this shit anyway, chill with me on the beach
You might also like
Y'all gon' learn today

Uh, y'all must want to start a revolution
You know whenever I'm threatened, I start shooting (Bang!)
Catch a body, head to Houston
I'm in Cuba, I love Cubans
This communist talk is so confusing
When it's from China, the very mic that I'm using
Idiot wind, the Bob Dylan of rap music
You're an idiot, baby, you should become a student
Oh, you gonna learn today
Where the fuck have you been
The world's under new management
The new role model, fuck this Zoolander shit
Y'all gon' learn today30Embed
The Watcher!
Jeah, ugh
Shit I do for a livin', nigga
Shit I eat for a livin', nigga (The Watcher!)
That's how I live for a livin', nigga
I'm watching
'Kay, let's do this
The Watcher!

Things just ain't the same for gangstas
But I'm a lil' too famous to shoot these pranksters
All of these rap singers claiming they bangers
Doing all sorts of twisted shit with they fingers
Disrespectin' the game, no home training or manners
I was doing this shit when you was shitting in Pampers
I was moving them grams 'fore you knew what a hand-to-hand was
Ducking the vans, radars and scanners
Before you knew what hard white or tan was
I was hitting the turnpike, aight with the bammers
I was nice with my hands cause I'm hype with them hammers
I was pricking my finger 'fore you knew what a fam' was
I had it laid out 'fore you knew what a plan was
Three hundred mil' later—now you understand us
Y'all ain't see us coming through Vegas
You ever seen so much cham' bust in one night?
Grand, fucked up one fight
I was on the Peter Pan bus
You was putting Peter Pan up in your room
Y'all fuckin' with whom? Allow me to retort
You cowards is just now learnin' the shit that we taught
You niggas ain't know about a Robb Report
'Bout a high-speed Porsche
I.e., you niggas ain't know how to floss
'Til I came through the door like "Eric B. for Prez"
Respect me in this bitch!
You can't disrespect us ‘cause you got a little check cut
You was sucking 'em so long, fucking your lil' neck up
Now you too big for your britches, you got a few little bitches
You think you Hugh Hef', but you just ridiculous
I blew breath for you midgets, I gave life to the game
It's only right I got the right to be king
Niggas that got life really like what I sing
‘Cause they know it's really like, niggas feel my pain
Know the shit I don't write
Be the illest shit that's ever been recited in the game
Word to the hyphen in my name!
J-A-Y, Dash, Hoffa
The past, present, nigga, the future, proper
The Holy Trinity in hip-hop is us
We give Dre his props, but that's where it stops
It's the Roc!
You might also like
I know
You got your eyes on me
I feel you watching me
But it ain't hard to see that you can't see me
You try
But what you think you saw
Ain't what you thought you saw
You better off not looking at all

Everywhere that I go
Ain't the same as before
People I used to know
Just don't know me no more
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know
Who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low
I'm still on top of the game
Still droppin' flames, still cock and aim
Still at the top, had to rock for the fame
Over setbacks, there's been a lot since I came
You seen it all, how I got, how I gained
The momentum when it dropped, how I got through the pain
When I roll and shock, they watched me reclaim
The streets, they made a special spot for my name
Dre, haters want a stop to my reign
But the music lives in me, every drop in my veins
The pride and the pain
All the way back from the rise of my name
See the world clear through the eyes of the man
See the world cheer for the rhymes that I gave
When the beat bangs, it'll drive 'em insane, the odds that I played
The best to emerge in the game: it's The Watcher
I know
You got your eyes on me
I feel you watching me
But it ain't hard to see that you can't see me
You try
But what you think you saw
Ain't what you thought you saw
You better off not looking at all

Everywhere that I go
Ain't the same as before
People I used to know
Just don't know me no more
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know
Who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low

I'm rated R, my brain contains graphic things
It turn traumatic teens into addicts and fiends
It's like watching a movie through a panoramic screen
Which means I can see the whole planet in the scene
Cash is the topic—the object? A fatter pocket
Some take the crack and chop it, but those that haven't got it
Take away to add a profit, it's catastrophic
I take the gat and cock it, and I'll sit back and watch it
These New York streets is ugly, I keep it gully
The world is mine and can't nobody keep it from me
Yo, my neighborhood is never sunny
In the place where the number one cause of death is money
You can try coping
I seen enough shit to leave your frame of mind broken
I'm still alive and scoping
Be another hundred years 'til my skies close in
And I'ma die with my eyes open—The Watcher
I know
You got your eyes on me
I feel you watching me
But it ain't hard to see that you can't see me
You try
But what you think you saw
Ain't what you thought you saw
You better off not looking at all

Everywhere that I go
Ain't the same as before
People I used to know
Just don't know me no more
But everywhere that I go
I got people I know
Who got people they know
So I suggest you lay low

The Watcher
The Watcher
I'm watching, The Watcher
Bah, bah, The Watcher
The Watcher22Embed
"Your success took a shot at you. What are you going to do now? How are you gonna kill it? You're gonna become unsuccessful? Frank, you can be successful and have enemies, uh?
Be unsuccessful too, and even have friends."

I got these niggas, Breezy, don't worry about it
Let that bitch breathe!
I used to give a fuck, now I give a fuck less
What do I think of success? It sucks, too much stress
I guess I blew up quick
'Cause friends I grew up with
See me as a premie, but I'm not, and my nuts big
I don't know what the fuss is, my career is illustrious
My rep is impeccable; I'm not to be fucked with, with
Shit, let that bitch breathe!
I'm way too important to be talking about extorting
Asking me for a portion's like asking for a coffin
Broad daylight I'll off your on-switch
You're not too bright, goodnight, long kiss
Bye bye, my reply... "BLAH, BLAH"
Blast burner, then pass burner to Ty-Ty
Finish my breakfast, why?
I got an appetite for destruction and you're a small fry
Now where was I?
Let that bitch breathe!

I used to give a shit, now I don't give a shit more
Truth be told I had more fun when I was piss-poor
I'm pissed off, and this what success is all about?
A bunch of niggas acting like bitches with big mouths
All this stress, all I got is this big house
Couple of cars, I don't bring half of them shits out
All of this Ace of Spade I drink just to piss out
I mean, I like the taste, could've saved myself 6 hours
How many times can I go to Mr. Chow's, Tao's, Nobu?
Hold up, let me move my bowels
I'll shit on y'all niggas, OG, tell these boys
(Y'all ain't got shit on my nigga, aoww!)
I got watches I ain't seen in months
Apartment at the Trump I only slept in once
Niggas said Hova was over, such dummies
Even if I fell I'll land on a bunch of money
Y'all ain't got nothing for me

Nas, let that bitch breathe!

Success, McLaren, women staring
My villain appearance
Sacred blood of a king and my vein ain't spilling
Ghetto Othello, Sugar Hill Romello
Camaro driven, I climax from paper
Then ask: "Why is life worth living?"
Is it to hunt for the shit that you want?
To receive's great, but I lust giving
The best jewelers wanna make my things
I make Jacob shit on Lorraine just to make me a chain
Niggas mentioned on One Love
Came home to the paper in hand
Ain't gotta brag about the Feds, young man
Old cribs I sold, y'all drive by like monuments
Google Earth Nas; I got flats in other continents
Worst enemies wanna be my best friends
Best friends wanna be enemies like that's what's in
But I don't give a fuck, walk inside the lion's den
Take everybody's chips, 'bout to cash them in
Up your catalog, dog, mine's worth too much
Like Mike Jacks ATV pub, Mottola can't touch
Let this bitch breathe! (Ha heh)
You might also like
Let this bitch breathe!10Embed

"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"Illuminati want my mind, soul and my body"
"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"Secret society, tryna keep they eye on me"
"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"Illuminati want my mind, soul and my body"
"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"I can't die, I can't die, I can't die"

This shit is wicked on these mean streets
None of my friends speak, we're all tryna win
But then again, maybe it's for the best though
'Cause when they're seein' too much
You know they're tryna get you touched
Whoever said illegal was the easy way out
Couldn't understand the mechanics
And the workings of the underworld, granted
Nine-to-five is how you survive, I ain't tryna survive
I'm tryna live it to the limit and love it a lot
Life ills poisoned my body, I used to say fuck mic skills
I never prayed to God, I prayed to Gotti
That's right, it's wicked – that's life, I live it
Ain't askin' for forgiveness for my sins, ends
I break bread with the late heads
Pickin' their brains for angles on all the evils that the game'll do
It gets dangerous, money and power is changin' us
And now we're lethal, infected with D'evils
You might also like
"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"Illuminati want my mind, soul and my body"
"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"Secret society, tryna keep they eye on me"
"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"Illuminati want my mind, soul and my body"
"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"I can't die, I can't die, I can't die"

We used to fight for building blocks
Now we fight for blocks with buildings that make a killin'
The closest of friends when we first started
But grew apart as the money grew and soon grew black-hearted
Thinkin' back when we first learned to use rubbers
He never learned, so in turn I'm kidnappin' his baby's mother
My hand around her collar, feedin' her cheese
She said the taste of dollars was shitty, so I fed her fifties
About his whereabouts I wasn't convinced
I kept feedin' her money 'til her shit started to make sense
Who could ever foresee?
We used to stay up all night at slumber parties
Now I'm tryna rock his bitch to sleep
All the years we were real close
Now I see his fears through her tears
Know she's wishin' we were still close
Don't cry, it is to be
In time I'll take away your miseries and make it mine
D'evils
"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"Illuminati want my mind, soul and my body"
"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"Secret society, tryna keep they eye on me"
"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"Illuminati want my mind, soul and my body"
"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"I can't die, I can't die, I can't die"

My flesh no nigga could test, my soul is possessed
By D'evils in the form of diamonds and Lexuses
The Exorcist got me doin' sticks
Like, "Homie, you don't know me
But the whole world owe me, strip!"
Was thought to be a pleasant guy all my fuckin' life
So now I'm down for whatever, ain't nothin' nice
Throughout my junior high years it was all friendly
But now this higher learning got the Remy in me
Liquor's invaded my kidneys
Got me ready to lick off – Momma, forgive me
I can't be held accountable, D'evils beatin' me down, boo
Got me runnin' with guys, makin' G's, tellin' lies that sound true
Come test me, I never cower
For the love of money, son, I'm givin' lead showers
Stop screamin', you know the demon said it's best to die
And even if Jehovah witness, bet he'll never testify
D'evils
"Dear God, I wonder, can you save me?"
"I can't die, I can't die, I can't die"57Embed
First the Fat Boys break up, now every day I wake up
Somebody got a problem with Hov
What's up? Y'all niggas all fed up 'cause I got a little cheddar
And my record's movin' out the store?
Young fucks spittin' at me, young rappers gettin' at me
My nigga Big predicted this shit exactly
"Mo' Money, Mo' Problems," gotta move carefully
'Cause faggots hate when you gettin' money like athletes
Youngins ice-grillin' me, oh, you not feelin' me?
Fine, it cost you nothin', pay me no mind
Look, I'm on my grind, cousin, ain't got time for frontin'
Sensitive thugs, y'all all need hugs
Damn, little mans, I'm just tryna do me
If the record's two mil', I'm just tryna move three
Get a couple chicks, get 'em to try to do E
Hopefully they'll ménage before I reach my garage
I don't want much, fuck, I drove every car
Some nice cooked food, some nice clean drawers
Bird-ass niggas, I don't mean to ruffle y'all
I know you waitin' in the wing, but I'm doin' my thing
Where's the love?

Ain't no love in the heart of the city
I said where's the love?
Ain't no love in the heart of town (Yeah)
You might also like
And then the Fugees gon' break up, now every day I wake up
Somebody got somethin' to say
What's all the fuckin' fussin' for?
Because I'm grubbin' more?
And I pack heat like I'm the oven door?
Niggas pray and pray on my downfall
But every time I hit the ground, I bounce up like roundball
Now, I don't wanna have to kill soundboys
Don't wanna have to cock back the four-pound bar
Look, scrapper, I got nephews to look after
I'm not lookin' at you dudes, I'm lookin' past ya
I thought I told you characters I'm not a rapper
Can I live?
I told you '96 that I came to take this shit and I did
Handle my biz, I scramble like Randall with his
Cunningham, but the only thing runnin' is numbers, fam
Jigga held you down six summers, damn, where's the love?

Ain't no love in the heart of the city
Niggas, where's the love?
Ain't no love in the heart of town (Holla at me)
Ain't no love (Take 'em to church), in the heart of the city
Uh, uh, uh, uh, my nigga, where is the love?
Ain't no love in the heart of town (Fuck)
Then Richard Pryor go and burn up
And Ike and Tina Turner break up
Then I wake up to more bullshit
You knew me before records, you never disrespected me
Now that I'm successful, you'll pull this shit
Nigga, I'll step on your porch, step to your boss
Let's end the speculation, I'm talkin' to all of y'all
Males shouldn't be jealous, that's a female trait
What, you mad 'cause you push dimes and he sell weight?
Y'all don't know my expenses, I gotta buy bigger plates
Haha, and more baggies, why you all aggy?
Nigga, respect the game, that should be it
What you eat don't make me shit
Where's the love?
Where's the love?

Ain't no love in the heart of the city
Ain't no love in the heart of town
Ain't no love in the heart of the city
Ain't no love in the heart of town
Ain't no love in the heart of the city
Ain't no love in the heart of town
Ain't no love35Embed
Shawn Carter was born December 4th, weighing in at 10 pounds, 8 ounces. He was the last of my four children. The only one who didn't give me any pain when I gave birth to him. And that's how I knew that he was a special child.

They say "They never really miss you 'til you dead or you gone."
So on that note, I'm leavin' after this song
So you ain't gotta feel no way about Jay, so long
But at least let me tell you why I'm this way, hold on
I was conceived by Gloria Carter and Adnis Reeves
Who made love under the sycamore tree
Which makes me a more sicker MC, and my momma would claim
At 10 pounds, when I was born, I didn't give her no pain
Although through the years I gave her her fair share
I gave her her first real scare, I made up for birth when I got here
She knows my purpose wasn't purpose; I ain't perfect, I care
But I feel worthless 'cause my shirts wasn't matchin' my gear
Now I'm just scratchin' the surface 'cause what's buried under there
Was a kid torn apart once his pop disappeared
I went to school, got good grades, could behave when I wanted
But I had demons deep inside that would raise when confronted
Hold on

Shawn was a very shy child growing up. He was into sports, and a funny story is at 4 he taught himself how to ride a bike. A two-wheeler at that, isn't that special? But I noticed a change in him when me and my husband broke up.
You might also like
Now, all the teachers couldn't reach me
And my momma couldn't beat me
Hard enough to match the pain of my pop not seein' me
So, with that disdain in my membrane
Got on my pimp game; fuck the world, my defense came
Then DeHaven introduced me to the game
Spanish Jose introduced me to 'caine, I'm a hustler now
My gear is in and I'm in the in-crowd
And all the wavy light-skinned girls is lovin' me now
My self-esteem went through the roof, man, I got my swag
Got a Volvo from this girl when her man got bagged
Plus I hit my momma with cash from a show that I had
Supposedly, knowin' nobody paid Jaz wack-ass
I'm gettin' ahead of myself; by the way, I could rap
But that came second to me movin' this crack
"Gimme a second, I swear," I would say about my rap career
'Til '96 came, niggas, I'm here; goodbye!

Shawn used to be in the kitchen, beating on the table and rapping until the wee hours of the morning. And then I bought him a boom box, and his sisters and brothers said he would drive them nuts. But that was my way to keep him close to me and out of trouble.

Goodbye to the game, all the spoils, the adrenaline rush
Your blood boils you in the spot, knowin' cops could rush
And you in a drop, you're so easy to touch
No two days are alike except the first and fifteenth, pretty much
And "trust" is a word you seldom hear from us
Hustlers, we don't sleep, we rest one eye up
And the drought will define a man when the well dries up
You learn the worth of water without work
You thirst 'til you die, yup!
And niggas get tied up for product
And little brothers' ring fingers get cut up
To show mothers they really got 'em
And this was the stress I lived with
'Til I decided to try this rap shit for a livin', I pray I'm forgiven
For every bad decision I made, every sister I played
‘Cause I'm still paranoid to this day
And it's nobody fault, I made the decisions I made
This is the life I chose, or rather, the life that chose me
If you can't respect that, your whole perspective is wack
Maybe you'll love me when I fade to black
If you can't respect that, your whole perspective is wack
Maybe you'll love me when I fade to black
Now if you can't respect that, your whole perspective is wack
Maybe you'll love me when I fade to black
If you can't respect that, your whole perspective is wack
Maybe you'll love me when I fade...46Embed
Blackhand Enertainment
Roc-A-Fella Records
In association with the streets
The Black Gangster
In conjunction with everything official
Yeah

I ride through the ghetto windows down halfway
Halfway out of my mind music on 9, blasting Donny Hathaway
Me and my niggas spending half the day
Plotting, how we gon' get this math today without getting blast away
I wake up to the same problems after today
Life is harsh, nigga got a right to spark
Right from the start, they place me in the ghetto, tender age of nine
My tender mind had to surrender to crime
Wouldn't wish this on nobody life to end up like mine
Ever since I was quite young a nigga been in a bind
Had to scratch for every plaque, even rap ain't all it's cracked up to be
Niggas don't stack up to me
Had to hustle in a world of trouble
Trapped in, claustrophobic, the only way out was rapping
America don't understand it, the demographics I tapped in
I'm the truest nigga to do this, nigga, and anything else is foolish
Like those who stay high, under God's grey skies
My lyrics is like Bible, made to save lives
In the midst of all your misery nigga, stay fly
Never let em see you frown, even smile when you down
Shit, I floss on my off-days, fuck what they all say
Niggas can't stop me with rumors, I'm too strong
All day, socks explode and sweatpants pockets is bulging
Holdin' it down on the corner with my block frozen
My spot is rolling, drop the price on the coke and
Drove the competition out and let the dough flow in
The cops is closing in, I can do the time
But what's really on my mind, there ain't no hoes in the pen
I play the low and try and make it hard to find me
Feds still tryna build a case since '93
I told them I'm retired, but they like whatever
You know them pigs don't wanna see you get your life together
You might also like
I'm stuck in this life forever
The more things change the more they stay the same
Who am I to change the game?
You gotta move quick like heroin and cocaine
The block's hotter than its ever been
(Once again)

Hold the gun at eye level, I ain't afraid of conflict
I let the nine rip, nigga say "hi" to the devil
I blind with the bezel, I'm in line with the ghetto
What y'all niggas afraid of, my mind or the metal?
Niggas tryna subtract my life, my mathematics is precise
I carry the 9, so fucking with me just ain't the answer
I just can't lose when I was young I was like Fresh
Poppa raised me to chess moves
And though you're gone, I'm not bitter, you left me prepared
We got divided by the years, but I got it from here
Don't sweat that, sounds bump from Marcy to LeFrak
To that project in DC where my man caught his death at
Over my years I've seen Rooks get tooken by the Knight
Lose they Crown by tryna defend a Queen
Checkmate in 4 moves, the Bobby Fischer of rap with raw moves
In a time where we all move
Let's face it: either you're dough chasing or basing
Lacing, crack's got you feelin' strong like Mason
Careful, any infiltration, I'm leaving niggas
Leaking more than just information
I'm stuck in this life forever
The more things change the more they stay the same
Who am I to change the game?
You gotta move quick like heroin and cocaine
The block's hotter than its ever been
I'm stuck in this life forever
The more things change the more they stay the same
Who am I to change the game?
You gotta move quick like heroin and cocaine
The block's hotter than its ever been

Uh, real shit, huh
The Black Gangsta
Blackhand Entertainment
Roc-A-Fella
They'll never interrupt this thing of ours
Uhh, The Black Gangsta
Jigga, Hova
Roll with me now1Embed

And the winner is Hov,,
My man
Speech!

First of all, I wanna thank my connect
The most important person, with all due respect
Thanks to the duffle bag, the brown paper bag
The Nike shoe box for holding all this cash (Okay!)
Boys in blue who put greed before the badge (Okay!)
The first pusher who ever made the stash (Okay!)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight (Hey!)
Oh, what a feeling, I'm feeling life (Hey!)
Thanks to the lames, niggas with bad aim
Thanks to a little change, I tore you out the game
Bullet wounds will stop your buffoonery
Thanks to the pastor, rapping at your eulogy
To Lil' Kim and them, you know the women-friend who
Carry the work cross state for a gentlemen
Yeah, thanks to all the hustlers
And most importantly you: the customer

The Roc Boys in the building tonight (Hey!)
Oh what a feeling, I'm feeling life (Hey!)
You don't even gotta bring your paper out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou-, hou-)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight
Look at how I'm chilling, I'm killing this ice
You don't even gotta bring ya purses out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou-, hou-)
(We in the house, hou-, hou-, HEY)
You might also like
Let ya hair down baby, I just hit a score
Pick any place on the planet, pick a shore
Take what the Forbes figured, then figure more
'Cause they forgot to account what I did with the raw
Pick a time, let's pick apart some stores
Pick a weekend for freaking for figure fours
I figure frauds never hit a lick before
So they don't know the feeling when them things get across
Put ya hand out the window, feel the force
Feel the Porsche, hit defrost
Ice-cold, jewels got no flaws
Drop got no top, you on the top floor
Pink Rosé, think OJ
I get away with murder when I sling yay
Her-on got less steps than Britney
That means it ain't stepped on, dig me?

The Roc Boys in the building tonight (Hey!)
Oh what a feeling, I'm feeling life (Hey!)
You don't even gotta bring your paper out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou-, hou-)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight
Look at how I'm chilling, I'm killing this ice
You don't even gotta bring ya purses out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou-, hou-)
(We in the house, hou-, hou-, HEY)
Rare Porsches, rare portraits
Rare guns if you dare come near the fortress
This apple sauce is from the apple orchard
This kinda talk is only reserved for the bosses
Which means I get it from the ground
Which means you get it when I'm around
Rich niggas, black Bar Mitzvahs
Mazel tov, it's a celebration bitches!
"L'chaim!"
I wish for you a hundred years of success but it's my time
Cheers, toast to crime
Number one D-boy, shame he could rhyme

The Roc Boys in the building tonight (Hey!)
Oh what a feeling, I'm feeling life (Hey!)
You don't even gotta bring your paper out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou-, hou-)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight
Look at how I'm chilling, I'm killing this ice
You don't even gotta bring ya purses out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou-, hou-)
(We in the house, hou-, hou-, HEY)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight (Hey!)
Oh what a feeling, I'm feeling life (Hey!)
You don't even gotta bring your paper out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou-, hou-)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight
Look at how I'm chilling, I'm killing this ice
You don't even gotta bring ya purses out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou-, hou-)
(We in the house, hou-, hou-, HEY)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight (Hey!)
Oh what a feeling, I'm feeling life (Hey!)
You don't even gotta bring your paper out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou-, hou-)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight
Look at how I'm chilling, I'm killing this ice
You don't even gotta bring ya purses out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou-, hou-)
(We in the house, hou-, hou-, HEY)
Sweet!
Let that ride out!
Bring the horns back in, yeah
This is black superhero music right here, baby
American Gangster
Taking flight, coming to a town near you
Soon as I touch down, I just want y'all to start playing the horns like...
Hovi's home!
Lukey, baby!
Hahahahaha... oww!18Embed
Dreamed of you this morning
Then came the dawn, and
I thought you were here with me
If you could only see
How much I love you
That's all, that's all, baby

Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
But there's always— that's all, that's all, baby (Uh, uh)

This is the shit you dream about with the homies steaming out
Back-to-back, backing them Bimmers out
Seems as our plans to get a grant
Then go off to college didn't pan or even out
We need it now, we need a town
We need a place to pitch, we need a mound
For now, I'm just a lazy boy
Daydreaming in my La-Z-Boy
In the clouds of smoke, been playing this Marvin
Mama, forgive me, should be thinking about Harvard
But that's too far away, niggas is starving
Nothing wrong with my aim, just gotta change the target
I got dreams of bagging snid-ow the size of pillows
I see pies every time my eyes clid-ose
I see rides, sixes, I gotta get those
Life's a bitch, I hope to not make her a widow
You might also like
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
American dreamin'
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
I'm just American dreamin'
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
American dreamin'
But there's always— that's all, that's all, baby (Uh, uh)

Now see the life's right there, and it seems right there
And it's not quite near, and it's not like we're
Professionals, moving the decimals
Know where to cop? Nah, got a connect? No
Who in the F knows how to be successful
Need a personal Jesus, I'm in Depeche Mode
They say its celestial, it's all in the stars
It's like Tony La Russa on how you play your cards
'Cause y'all ain't fucking with me, the ironies are
At all costs, better avoid these bars
Now let's start, on your mark
Get set, let's go, get out the car
Going in circles, it's a vicious cycle
This is a crash course, this ain't high school
Wake up, Muttley, you're dreaming again
Your own reality show, the season begins
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
American dreamin'
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
I'm just American dreamin'
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
American dreamin'
But there's always— that's all, that's all, baby

Step one in this process, scramble up in your projects
And head to the heights where big coke is processed
You gotta convince 'em that you're not from the precinct
Please speak slow 'cause he no speaky no English
If he takes a liking after a couple of trips
And your money is straight, he's going to give you consignment
Now in the game where only time can tell
Survive the droughts, I wish you well— hold up
Survive the droughts? I wish you well?
How sick am I? I wish you health
I wish you wheels, I wish you wealth
I wish you insight so you could see for yourself
You could see the signs when the jackers is scheming
And the cops is coming, you could read they mind
You could see from behind, you could redefine
The game as we know it, one dream at a time
I'm American dreamin'
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
American dreamin'
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
American dreamin'
Oh no, I never gave up no way (I never felt that before)
American dreamin'
But there's always— that's all, that's all, baby

American dreamin'18Embed
C'mon
Woo
R-O-C, we runnin' this rap shit
Memphis Bleek, we runnin' this rap shit
B. Mac, we runnin' this rap shit
Freeway, we run this rap shit
O and Sparks, we runnin' this rap shit
Chris and Neef, we runnin' this rap shit

The takeover, the break's over, nigga
God MC, me, Jay-Hova
Hey, lil' soldier, you ain't ready for war
R-O-C too strong for y'all
It's like bringing a knife to a gunfight, pen to a test
Your chest in the line of fire with your thin-ass vest
You bringing them boys to men, how them boys gon' win?
This is grown man B-I, get you rolled into triage, bitch
Your reach ain't long enough, dunny
Your peeps ain't strong enough, fucker
Roc-A-Fella is the army, better yet, the navy
Niggas'll kidnap your baby, spit at your lady
We bring knife to fistfight, kill your drama, uh
We kill you motherfuckin' ants with a sledgehammer
Don't let me do it to you, dunny, 'cause I overdo it
So you won't confuse it with just rap music
You might also like
R-O-C, we runnin' this rap shit
M Easy, we runnin' this rap shit
The Broad Street Bully, we runnin' this rap shit
Get zipped up in plastic, when it happens, that's it
Freeway, we runnin' this rap shit
O and Sparks, we runnin' this rap shit
Chris and Neef, we runnin' this rap shit
(Watch out, we run New York)
I don't care if you Mobb Deep, I hold triggers to crews
You little fuck, I got money stacks bigger than you
When I was pushing weight back in '88
You was a ballerina, I got the pictures, I seen ya
Then you dropped "Shook Ones," switched your demeanor
Well, we don't believe you, you need more people
Roc-A-Fella students of the game, we passed the class
'Cause nobody can read you dudes like we do
Don't let 'em gas you like Jigga is ass and won't clap you
Trust me on this one, I'll detach you
Mind from spirit, body from soul
They'll have to hold a mass, put your body in a hole
No, you're not on my level, get your brakes tweaked
I sold what your whole album sold in my first week
You guys don't want it with Hov
Ask Nas, he don't want it with Hov, no
R-O-C, we runnin' this rap shit
B. Sigel, we runnin' this rap shit
M Easy, we runnin' this rap shit
Get zipped up in plastic, when it happens, that's it
O and Sparks, we runnin' this rap shit
Freeway, we runnin' this rap shit
Chris and Neef, we runnin' this rap shit
(Watch out, we run New York)
I know you miss it, Nas, the (Fame)
But along with celebrity comes 'bout seventy shots to your frame
Nigga, you a (Lame)
You's the fag model for Karl Kani, Esco ads
Went from Nasty Nas to Esco's trash
Had a spark when you started, but now, you're just garbage
Fell from top ten to not mentioned at all
To your bodyguard's "Oochie Wally" verse better than yours (Oochie wally wally, oochie wally wally)
Matter of fact, you had the worst flow on the whole fuckin' song
But I know, the sun don't shine if son don't shine
That's why your (Lame), career's come to an end
It's only so long fake thugs can pretend
Nigga, you ain't live it, you witnessed it from your folks' pad (Yup)
You scribbled it in your notepad and created your life
I showed you your first TEC on tour with Large Professor (Me, that's who)
Then I heard your album 'bout your TEC on the dresser
So yeah, I sampled your voice, you was using it wrong (I'm out for dead fuckin' presidents to represent me)
You made it a hot line, I made it a hot song (Woo)
And you ain't get a coin, nigga, you was gettin' fucked then
I know who I paid, God, Serchlite Publishing
Use your (Brain)
You said you've been in this ten, I've been in it five, smarten up, Nas
Four albums in ten years, nigga? I could divide
That's one every, let's say two, two of them shits was doo
One was nah, the other was Illmatic
That's a one hot album every ten year average
And that's so (Lame)
Nigga, switch up your flow, your shit is garbage
What, you tryna kick knowledge? (Fuck outta here)
Y'all niggas gon' learn to respect the king
Don't be the next contestant on that Summer Jam screen
Because you-know-who (Who)
Did you-know-what (What?), with you-know-who (Yeah)
But just keep that between me and you for now
R-O-C, we runnin' this rap shit
M Easy, we runnin' this rap shit
The Broad Street Bully, we runnin' this rap shit
Get zipped up in plastic, when it happens, that's it
Freeway, we runnin' this rap shit
O and Sparks, we runnin' this rap shit
Chris and Neef, we runnin' this rap shit
(Watch out, we run New York)

A wise man told me don't argue with fools
‘Cause people from a distance can't tell who is who
So stop with that childish shit, nigga, I'm grown
Please leave it alone, don't throw rocks at the throne
Do not bark up that tree, that tree will fall on you
I don't know why your advisers ain't forewarn you
Please, not Jay, he's not for play
I don't slack a minute, all that thug rappin' and gimmicks
I will end it, all that yappin' be finished
You are not deep, you made your bed, now sleep
Don't make me expose you to them folks that don't know you
Nigga, I know you well, all the stolen jewels
Twinkletoes, you're breakin' my heart
Can't fuck with me, go play somewhere, I'm busy
And all you other cats throwin' shots at Jigga
You only get half a bar, fuck y'all niggas61Embed
Uh-huh uh yeah, gi-gi-geyeah
Time to come up, hold my own weight, defend my crown
Gots to lock it down and when they rush -- part two
Cocaine whiter now
Operation is sweet
Whole game tighter now
Moving a brick a week
Plus a nigga price is down
We them niggas to see
Time to start the arising now
I don't know what's wrong with Bleek

It seems, I'm like Keenan, picking up on the vibe
That he ain't too happy, I could just see it in his eyes
I don't know if it's the chicks or how we dividing the loot
Time to pay his ass a visit 'fore he decide to get cute
Jumped out like a star with the flavest car
Matching the gator shirt, softer than my next door neighbors
These young niggas think I fell out the loop
'Cause the last time they seen me hopping out the Coupe
I hopped out in a suit
Look at this nigga Jay fronting, trying to take my shine
I didn't say this verbally, just had some shit on my mind
Plus I'm puffing like an ounce more than I used to puff
Taking advice from these niggas but they ain't used to stuff
They had me thinking, "Shit, I'm the one that moved the stuff
While he drive around town in brand new Coupes and stuff"
Swear to God, they had me practically hating his guts
As he approached I spoke, "Jigga, whattup?"
You might also like
I done came up (uhh), put my life on the line (uhh)
Soaked the game up (yeah), now it's my time to shine
Time to change up (what?), no more second in line
Nine-eight, these streets is mine
(Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh-uh-huh-uh-huh)

Look at that fake smile he just gave me, it's breaking my heart
Should I school him or pull the tools out and just break him apart?
I felt his hatred it was harsh -- 'fore this faking shit start
I should take him in back of the building and blaze him
Uh-oh, this nigga Jay, he ain't slow, he musta picked up on the vibe
But had I not been so high, I woulda been able to hide
Tried to cover up myself, as I gave him a five
Hugged him as if I loved him, to the naked eye
It woulda seemed we was the closest, but to those that know us
Could see that something was about to go down
Stay focused, I'm trying to concentrate
But it's like he's reading my mind
As if he can see through this fog and all this weed in my mind
Could he see I had plans on, being the man
Ever since we first spoke and he put that G in my hand
And I gave it back to show him, I was down for the cause
As he approached ("Whattup Bleek?") and I paused
I done came up (uhh), put my life on the line (uhh)
Soaked the game up (yeah), now it's my time to shine
Time to change up (what?), no more second in line
Nine-eight, these streets is mine
Yeah, you done came up (uhh), put your life on the line (uhh)
Soaked the game up (uhh), now it's yo' time to shine (yeah)
Time to change up, no more second in line
Nine-eight, these streets is mine

Right, yo we wild out in Vegas, styled on haters
Mouthed off at the cops, outta cranberry drops
Copped whips the same color, we tighter than brothers
With different fathers but same mothers, this life don't love us
So 'til death do us, I'm never breaking my bond
Nigga, we Lex movers, V-12 pushers
As I stand
One leg of my pants up, in a stance like, "And what?"
I know these niggas are feeding my mind cancer
But in time's the answer (woo!)
Seems mind-blowing, this weed and Hennessy
Got my mind going, trust me nigga, I'm knowing
Chicks used to ignore me
And my aunt saying I need 50, not 60/40
Oh God, don't let him control y'all
Your gun is my gun, your clip is my clip, baby
Your fun is my fun (uh huh), your bitch is my bitch
Any nigga trying to harm Jay, I'm feeling for you
I ain't only touching you, I'm killing your crew
Give it a year, you'll be sitting on a million or two
Records sold, nigga, perfect your role, geah
I done came up (uhh), put my life on the line
Soaked the game up (yeah), now it's my time to shine
Time to change up (what?), no more second in line
Nine-eight, these streets is mine (geah, geah)
I done came up (came up), put your life on the line (uhh)
Soaked the game up (game up), now it's yo' time to shine
Time to change up (change up), no more second in line
Nine-eight, these streets is mine

Yeah, you done came up, put your life on the line
Soaked the game up, now it's yo' time to shine
Time to change up, no more second in line
Yeah, yeah
Coming of Age two, brand new6Embed
I know I shouldn’t of did that
I know it's gon' come right back
I know it's gon' destroy everything I made
It's probably gon' get ya boy sent away
But this game I play, ain't no way to fix it
It's inevitable that I'm... (fallin')

Uhh, said where I would stop before I even started
When I get to one brick, then the game I would depart with
Got to one brick then I looked to the sky like:
"Sorry, God, I lied, but give me one more try" (try)
Got to two bricks, new cars, new whips
But niggas never learn until they end up in the news clip
The irony of selling drugs is sort of like you using it
Guess it's two sides to what substance abuse is
Can't stop, won't stop, addicted to this new shit
Brand new convertibles, I'm so ruthless
Front row fight night, see how big my tube is
Fuck HD, nigga, see how clear my view is?
But there's a price for overdoing it
Doing it this big'll put you on the map, stick-up kids is out to tax
Plus the FBI boys with the cameras in the back
Damn...
You might also like
I know I shouldn’t of did that
I know it's gon' come right back
I know it's gon' destroy everything I made
It's probably gon' get ya boy sent away
But this game I play, ain't no way to fix it
It's inevitable (now ya) fallin'

When you should've fell back
Now you (fallin'), right into they lap
Fallin', they applauding, they screaming at the screen
Damn, you fucked up like your favorite movie scene
Godfather, Goodfellas, Scarface, Casino
You seen what that last run did to De Niro in Heat
Can't beat the odds, can't cheat the Gods
Can't blow too hard, life's a deck of cards
Now your tumbling is humbling, you're falling, you're mumbling
Under your breath like you knew this day was coming (fallin')
Now let's pray that arm candy
That you left your ex for stay down and come in handy
'Cause come January it gets cold, when the letters start to slow
And your commissary's low and lawyers screams appeal
Only thinking about a bill and your chances are nil
Damn, gravity's ill...
I know I shouldn’t of did that
I know it's gon' come right back
I know it's gon' destroy everything I made
It's probably gon' get ya boy sent away
But this game I play, ain't no way to fix it
It's inevitable (but ya) fallin'

And you can't get up
All you do is push-up, pull-up, sit-up
Locked down the town now belongs to the squares
Who said they won't make the same mistake that got you there
And your arm candy sweet on 'em
And the women that you left for this heifer
Got a college degree coming
Bad news keeps coming, hard to keep something on your stomach
You're sick about what your life is becoming (fallin')
But your use-to's, has-beens, ragging bad about all the new dudes
Talking tough on the YouTube 'bout what you used to do
But that's old school to the new crew
They doing numbers like Sudoku
They're the new you, and it's damn near inevitable
They'll experience déja vu too
Fight and you'll never survive
Run and you'll never escape, so just fall from grace
Damn...
I know I shouldn’t of did that
I know it's gon' come right back
I know it's gon' destroy everything I made
It's probably gon' get ya boy sent away
But this game I play, ain't no way to fix it
It's inevitable that I'm

Fallin', seems like I'm fallin'
Fallin', seems like I'm fallin'
Fallin', seems like I'm fallin'
Fallin', seems like I'm fallin'
Fallin', seems like I'm fallin'
Fallin', seems like I'm fallin'
Fallin', seems like I'm fallin'2Embed
Well, I'ma s—try to stay above water, you know?
Just stay busy, stay working
Puff told me, like, "The key to this joint—
The key to staying on top of things is treat everything like it's your first project, know what I'm saying?
Like it's your first day, like, while—when you was an intern
Like, that's how you try to treat things—like, just stay hungry"
Ugh, ugh, ugh (Yes, yes)

Y'all wanna know why he don't stop?
Y'all wanna know why he don't flop?
Let me tell you pe-people why
Came from the bottom of the block, I—
When I was born, it was sworn:
I was never gon' be shit
Had to pull the opposite out this bitch
Had to get my ri-ide on (Rider)
"Eyes on the prize, Shawn"
Knew I had to, had to, had to get these chips
Had to make moves like Olajuwon
Started out selling dimes and nicks
Graduated to a brick, no exaggeration
My infatuation with the strip legendary
Like a schoolboy crushin' on
Merely nearly-every-every chick (Woo)
Heavy shit—that's how schoolboy got whipped
And got left on some "just me, myself, and I"
On some Trugoy shit
Had to voyage to a place of
To a place of no return
Had to play with fire and get burned
Only way the boy ever gon' learn
Had to lay in wait in the cut 'til I finally got my turn
Now, I'm on top in the spot that I earned
You might also like
It's my life
It's my pain and my struggle
The song that I sing to you is my everything
Treat my first like my last (It's my life)
And my last like my first (Ugh)
And my thirst is the same as when I came
It's my joy and my tears and my laughter it brings to me (Yeah)
It's my everything

Like I never rode in a limo
Like I just dropped flows to a demo (Woo)
Like it's '92 again and
And I got O's in the rental (Ugh)
Back in the Stu' again, no problemo
Was a whole lot simple; when you think back
You thought that you would never make it this far; then you—
Take advantage of the luck you handed
Or the talent you been given
Ain't no half-steppin'; ain't no, no slippin'
Ain't no different from a block that's hittin'
Gotta get it while the getting's good
Gotta strike while the iron's hot
When you stop, then you gotta bid it good riddance
Goodbye! This is my second major breakup
My first was with a pager
With a hoopty, a cook-pot, and the game
This one's with the stu', with the stage, with the fortune—
Well, maybe not the fortune—but certainly the fame
It's my life—it's my pain and my struggle (Ugh)
The songs that I sing to you is my everything
Treat my first like my last and my last like my first
And my thirst is the same as when I came (Ugh-ugh)
It's my joy and my tears and my laughter it brings to me
It's my everything (Ugh-ugh)
Treat my first like my last
And my last like my first (Ugh-ugh, ugh-ugh)
And my thirst like the first song I sang

Woo, ugh
It's like the blues, nigga
We gon' ride out on this one
Ty-Ty, B-High
Yo High, remember you was making them baskets for them niggas at radio and shit?
(Clark Kent)
That was good looking-out, nigga
(Carlene)
Who ever thought we'd make it this far, homie?
(Sha)
They can't stop us, know what I'm sayin'?
(Lenny S)
Dame, what up?
(Robbing the bank)
Niggas thought we was crazy, man (Haha)
Remember, wh—uh, you had that fucked-up-ass handwriting
You was writing all the numbers that we was spending down for the videos we was doing ourselves (Yes)
(Ski, what up? Original Flavor in the house)
Your accounting was crazy wrong and shit, but we—we still put it together
Biggs, what's up?
'Member we went to St. Thomas, and, uh—
(John Meneilly)
—your dog peed on homie leg and shit at his crib
(I think that was Ruby)
And they was having a lil' trouble with the pool
You and Ty-Ty was laughing
Emory was there—what up, Emory? (Ugh-ugh, ugh-ugh)
What up, Ty? (Ugh-ugh, ugh-ugh)
Hip-Hop—what up, man?
Ayy, ayy, Hop—you ain't—you ain't have no, uh—
You ain't have no muh'fucking seat on your b—on your bicycle
Now, you, uh, the head of black music
That's what I'm talking 'bout right there, homie
Gee—what up, Gee?
(Yessir)
E'erybody in the Roc
Hey, Guru, I know you spoiled, man
I be taking them shits in one take
You gonna have to punch niggas' shit
(Stiggity)
You gon' be tight?
OG Juan, what up? I'm a lil' upset that you wasn't involved in this whole process, but it's all good
What's up, Dez?
My whole family, my nephews, Ti-Ti
Cousin Angie, what's up?
(Bey, Bey, Bey, Bey)
Mom, you made the album—how crazy is that?
Bob-a-Lob, rest in peace
My pops, rest in peace (What's up A.J.?)
Biggie Smalls, rest in peace
Ugh-ugh, ugh-ugh, ugh-ugh, ugh-ugh
Nigga, I—I'm 'bout to go golfing, man
Ayy, I might even have me a cappuccino—fuck it!
I'm going somewhere nice where no mosquitoes at, nigga
Holler at me!
It's your boy! {*headphones fall*}24Embed
Woo! Uhh, uhh
It's The Gift and the Curse
Uhh, uhh, yeah
First they love me then they hate me then they love me again
They love me again (Uhh)
Let's take a trip down
I gotcha

Let's take a trip down memory lane at the cemetery
Rain, grey skies, seems at the end of every
Young black life is this line, "Damn, him already?
Such a good kid," got us pourin' Henn' already
Liquor to the curb for my niggas up above
When it cracks through the pavement, that's my way of sendin' love
So give BIG a hug, tell Aaliyah I said, "Hi"
'Til the next time I see her, on the other side
He was just some thug that caught some slugs
And we loved him 'cause, in him, we saw some of us
He walked like us, talked like us
His back against the wall, nigga fought like us, damn
Poor Isis, that's his mama name
Mama ain't strong enough to raise no boy, what's his father name?
Shorty never knew him, though he had his blood in him
Hot temper, mama said he act just like her husband
Daddy never fucked with him, so the streets raised him
Isis blamin' herself, she wish she could've saved him
Damn near impossible, only men can raise men
He was his own man, not even him can save him
He put his faith in a .38 in his waist
But when you live by the gun, you die by the same fate
End up dead before 38 and umm
That's the life of us raised by winter, it's a cold world
Ol' girl turned to coke, tried to smoke her pain away
Isis' life just ended on that rainy day
When she got the news her boy body could be viewed
Down at the city morgue, opened the drawer, saw him nude
Her addiction grew, prescription drugs, sippin' brew
Angel dust dipped in woo!
She slipped into her own fantasy world
Had herself pregnant by a different dude
But reality bites and this is her life
He wasn't really her husband, though he called her wife
It was just this night when moon was full
And the stars were just right, and the dress was real tight
Had her soundin' like Lisa Lisa
I wonder if I take you home, will you still love me after this night?
Mike was the hard head from around the way
That she wanted all her life, shit, she wanted all the hype
Used to hold on tight when he wheelied on the bike
He was a Willie all her life, he wasn't really the one to like
It was a dude named Sha who would really treat her right
He wanted to run to the country to escape the city life
But Isis liked this Broadway life
She loved the Gucci sneakers, the red, green and whites
Hangin' out the window when she first seen him fight
She was so turned on that she had to shower twice
How ironic it would be some fight that
Turned into a homicide that'll alter their life
See Mike at 32 was still on the scene
Had a son, 15, that he never saw twice
Sure he saw him as an infant, but he disowned him like
"If that was my son, he would look much different
See I'm light-skinned and that baby there's dark"
So it's mama's baby, papa's maybe
Mike was still crazy out there runnin' the streets (Fuck niggas want?)
Had his old reliable .38 gun in his reach
It's been fourteen years, him and Isis ain't speak
He runnin' around like life's a peach
'Til one day, he approached this thug that had a mean mug
And it looked so familiar that he called him "Young Cuz"
Told him get off the strip but the boy ain't budge (Fuck you)
Instead he pulled out a newer .38 snub
He clearly had the drop but the boy just paused (Hold up)
There was somethin' in this man's face he knew he seen before
It's like lookin' in the mirror, seein' his self more mature
And he took it as a sign from the Almighty Lord
You know what they say about he who hesitates in war
(What's that?) He who hesitates is lost
He can't explain what he saw before his picture went blank
The old man didn't think, he just followed his instinct
Six shots into his kin out of the gun
Niggas be a father, you're killin' your son
Six shots into his kin out of the gun
Niggas, be a father, you killin' your sons
You might also like
Meet the parents (The parents, the parents, the parents)
(The parents, the parents, the parents, the parents)
(The parents, the parents, the parents, the parents)
(The parents, the parents, the parents, the parents, the parents)13Embed
"The damage here along the Gulf coast is catastrophic
There's a frantic effort underway tonight to find survivors
There are an uncounted number of the dead tonight."
"People are being forced to live like animals."
"Please... send stuff here. We are desperate."
"No one says the federal government is doing a good job."
"...and hundreds and hundreds and hundreds of people ..."
"No water... yeah, and I fought for my country for years."
"We need help. We really need help."
"In Baghdad, they-they drop, they airdrop - water, food to people
Why can't they do that for their own people?"
"...the same idiots can't get a bottle of water into a
Major American city in three days are trying to win a war"

People was poor before the hurricane came
Before the downpour poured, it was like when Mary J. sang
Everyday it rains, so everyday the pain
Went ignored and I'm sure ignorance was to blame
But life is a chain, cause and effected
Niggas off the chain, because they affected
It's a dirty game, it's whatever is effective
From weed to sellin' 'caine, gotta put that in effect, shit
Wouldn't you loot? If you didn't have the loot
Baby needed food and you was stuck on the roof
And helicopters swoop down just to get a scoop
Through his telescopic lens, but he didn't scoop you
And the next five days, no help ensued
They called you a refugee because you seek refuge
And the Commander-in-Chief, just flew by
Didn't stop, I know he had a couple seats
Just rude Jet blue, he's not, jet flew by the spot
What if he ran out of jet fuel and just dropped
Huh, that woulda been somethin' to watch
Helicopters doin' fly-bys to take a couple shots
Couple portraits, then ignored 'em
He’d be just another Bush surrounded by a couple orchids
Poor kids, just 'cause they was poor kids
Left them on they porches, same old story in New Orleans
Silly rappers, cause we got a couple Porsches
MTV stopped by to film our fortresses
We forget the unfortunate
Sure, I ponied up a mil' but I didn't give my time
So in reality I didn't give a dime
Or a damn, I just put my monies in the hands
Of the same people that left my people stranded
Nothin' but a bandit, left them folks abandoned
Damn, that money we gave was just a band-aid
Can't say we better off than we was before
In synopsis, this is my Minority Report
Can't say we better off than we was before
In synopsis, this is my Minority Report
You might also like
So many times I'm, coverin' my eyes
Peekin' through my fingers, tryin' to hide my
Frustration, at the way, that we treat
(Seems like we don't even care)
Turn on the TV, seein' the pain
Sayin' such a shame, then tryin' to go on with my life
Of that, I too am guilty
(Seems like we don't even care)
So we send a little money, tell 'em it's alright
To be able to sleep at night
You will pay that price, but some of these folks
Has lost they whole life
(Seems like we don't even care)
And then it wasn't on the nightly news no mo'
Suddenly it didn't matter to you no mo'
It went on and almost nothin' changed
What the hell were they there for?
(Seems like we don't even care)

Bush: "Buses are on the way to take those
People from New Orleans, to Houston"
(Seems like we don't even care)
"They lie"
"People are dying, at the Convention Center" (ohh)
"Their government has failed them" (ohh)
Kanye West: "George Bush doesn't care about black people"
(Seems like we don't even care)
(Seems like we don't even care)7Embed
Woo, woo, woo, woo
I am back, niggas
Ha-ha-ha-ha-ha-ha (Uh-oh, uh-oh, woo, woo)
Ladies and gentlemen, H to the izz-O (H to the izz-O)
I wanna thank everybody out there for they purchase
We surely appreciate it (Woo)
What you about to witness is my thoughts (Just my thoughts, man)
Right or wrong
Just what I was feelin' at the time (Uh)
You ever felt like this, vibe with me (Walk with a nigga, man)
Just vibe with me
Yo

Gather 'round, hustlers, that's if you still livin'
And get on down to that ol' Jig rhythm
Here's a couple of jewels to help you get through your bid in prison
A ribbon in the sky, keep your head high
I, Young 'Vito, voice of the young people
Mouthpiece for hustlers, I'm back, motherfuckers
Your reign on the top was shorter than leprechauns
Y'all can't fuck with Hov, what type of X y'all on?
I got great lawyers for cops, so dress warm
Charges don't stick to dude, he's Teflon
I'm too sexy for jail like I'm Right Said Fred
I'm not guilty, now give me back my bread
Mr. District Attorney, I'm not sure if they told you
I'm on TV every day, where the fuck could I go to?
Plus - Hov don't run, Hov stand and fight
Hov a soldier, Hov been fightin' all his life so
What could you do to me? It's not new to me
Sue me? Fuck you, what's a couple dollars to me?
But you will respect me, simple as that
Or I got no problem goin' back
I'm representin' for the seat where Rosa Parks sat
Where Malcolm X was shot, where Martin Luther was popped (Come on)
So off we go, let the trumpets blow
And hold on, because the driver of the mission is a pro
The ruler's back
You might also like
I am back, niggas
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Turn the motherfuckin' music up (The ruler is back)
I am back, niggas
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

Well, in these times, well, at least to me
There's a lot of rappers out there tryin' to sound like Jay-Z
I'll help you out, here's what you do
You gonna need a wide lens 'cause that's a ver' big shoe
And you got a couple of beans and you don't have a clue?
Your situation is bleek, I'ma keep it real 'cause
Fuckin' with me, you gotta drop a mil'
'Cause if you gonna cop somethin', you gotta cop for real
Don't only talk it, walk like it, from the bricks to the booth
I could predict the future like Cleo the psychic
You can't date skeeos and wife it (Uh-uh)
And you can't sell me bullshit, we know the prices
So what your life is?
We gon' roll 'til the wheels fall off, y'all motherfuckers check the tires
Off we go, let the trumpets blow
And hold on, because the driver of that Bentley is a pro

The ruler's back
I am back, niggas
Feels good, ha
Pah, holla at me
The ruler's back
Yeah, woo
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Now bounce, come on, bounce
Uh (Woo, woo)
Bounce, come on, bounce
Uh, uh, yeah, yeah
Bounce, come on, bounce
Uh, yeah, just my thoughts, ladies and gentlemen
Just what I'm feelin' at the time, you know what I mean?
You know what I mean?17Embed

Turn my music high, high, high, higher
(You don't know what you're doin'— doin'— doin'—)
Sure, I do

I'm from the streets where the hood could swallow 'em and
Bullets'd follow 'em and
There's so much coke that you could run the slalom
And cops comb the shit top to bottom
And say that we are prone to violence, but it's home sweet home
Where personalities clash and chrome meets chrome
The coke prices up and down like it's Wall Street, holmes
But this is worse than the Dow Jones, your brains are now blown
All over that brown Brougham, one slip, you are now gone
Welcome to Hell, where you are welcome to sell
But when them shells come, you better return 'em
All scars, we earn 'em
All cars, we learn 'em like the back of our hand
We watch for cops hoppin' out the back of vans
Wear a G on my chest, I don't need Dapper Dan
This ain't a sewn outfit, holmes, holmes is about it
Was clappin' them flamers before I became famous
For playin' me, y'all shall forever remain nameless
You might also like
I am Hov (You don't know what you're doin'— doin'— doin'—)
Sure I do

I tell you the difference between me and them
They tryin' to get they ones, I'm tryin' to get them M's
One million, two million, three million, four
In just five years, forty million more
You are now lookin' at the forty million boy
I'm rapin' Def Jam 'til I'm the hundred million man

R-O-C (You don't know what you're doin'— doin'— doin'—)
That's where you're wrong

I came into this motherfucker hundred grand strong
Nine to be exact, from grindin' G-packs
Put this shit in motion, ain't no rewindin' me back
Could make forty off a brick, but one rhyme could beat that
And if somebody woulda told 'em that Hov would sell clothin'
Not in this lifetime, wasn't in my right mind
That's another difference that's between me and them
I smarten up, open the market up
One million, two million, three million, four
In eighteen months, eighty million more
Now add that number up with the one I said before
You are now lookin' at one smart Black boy
Mama ain't raise no fool
Put me anywhere on God's green earth, I'll triple my worth, motherfucker
I will not lose (You don't know what you're doin'— doin'— doin'—)
Put somethin' on it

I sell ice in the winter, I sell fire in Hell
I am a hustler, baby, I'll sell water to a whale
I was born to get cake, move on and switch states
Cop the coupe with the roof gone and switch plates
Was born to dictate, never follow orders, dick face
Get your shit straight, fucker, this is Big Jay

I— hahahaha (You don't know what you're doin'— doin'— doin'—)
Will not lose, ever
Fucker24Embed
You'd take the clothes off my back and I'd let you (Yeah)
You'd steal the food right out my mouth and I'd watch you eat it
I still don't know why (Yeah)
Why I love it so much (Thanks for warning me; yeah)
Oh (Thanks for warning me; yeah)
You curse my name in spite to put me to shame (Yeah)
Hang my laundry in the streets, dirty or clean, give it up for fame (Yeah)
But I still don't know why (Don't know why)
Why I love it so much (Thanks for warning me; yeah, yeah)
Yeah (Thanks for warning me; yeah, yeah)

And, baby, it's amazin' I'm in this maze with you
I just can't crack your code
One day, you're screamin' you love me loud
The next day, you're so cold
One day, you're here (Yeah), one day, you're there (Yeah)
One day, you care (Yeah), you're so unfair
Sippin' from your cup 'til it runneth over (Uh, uh; yeah)
Holy Grail
Uh, Blue told me remind you niggas, uh
Fuck that shit y'all talkin' 'bout, I'm the nigga, uh (Yeah)
Caught up in all these lights and cameras, uh
But look what that shit did to Hammer (Yeah), uh
Goddamn it, I like it
Bright lights is enticin'
But look what it did to Tyson
All that money in one night
Thirty mil' for one fight
But soon as all that money blows
All the pigeons take flight
Fuck the fame, keep cheatin' on me
What I do? I took her back
Fool me twice, that's my bad
I can't even blame her for that
Enough to make me wanna murder
Momma, please just get my bail
I know nobody to blame
Kurt Cobain, I did it to myself, uh
You might also like
And we all just entertainers
And we're stupid and contagious (Yeah)
No, we all just entertaine—

And, baby, it's amazin' I'm in this maze with you
I just can't crack your code
One day, you're screamin' you love me loud
The next day, you're so cold
One day, you're here, one day, you're there
One day, you care, you're so unfair
Sippin' from your cup 'til it runneth over
Holy Grail (Yeah)
Now I got tattoos on my body
Psycho bitches in my lobby
I got haters in the paper
Photo shoots with paparazzi (Yeah)
Can't even take my daughter for a walk
See 'em by the corner store
I feel like I'm cornered off
Enough is enough, I'm callin' this off (Yeah)
Who the fuck I'm kiddin' though?
I'm gettin' high, sittin' low
Slidin' by in that big body
Curtains all in my window (Yeah)
This fame hurt, but this chain worse
I think back you asked the same person
If this is all you had to deal with
Nigga, deal with, this shit ain't work
This light work, camera snappin', my eyes hurt
Niggas dyin' back where I was birthed
Fuck your iris and the IRS (Yeah)
Get the hell up off your high horse
You got the shit that niggas die for, dry yours
Why you mad? Take the good with the bad
Or throw the baby out with that bath water
You're still alive, still that nigga
Nigga, you survived, still gettin' bigger
Nigga, livin' the life, vanilla wafers in a villa
Illest nigga alive, Michael Jackson's Thriller

And, baby, it's amazin' I'm in this maze with you
(Uh, uh, uh, uh)
I just can't crack your code (Uh, uh-uh, uh, uh-uh, uh)
One day, you're screamin' you love me loud
The next day, you're so cold (Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh)
One day, you're here, one day, you're there
One day, you care, you're so unfair (Uh, uh, uh, uh)
Sippin' from your cup 'til it runneth over
Holy Grail (Yeah)

You get the air out my lungs whenever you need it (Yeah)
And you take the blade right out my heart
Just so you can watch me bleed (Yeah)
And I still don't know why (Don't know why)
Why I love you so much (Yeah, thanks for warning me)
Yeah (Thanks for warning me)
(Yeah) And you play this game in spite to drive me insane (Yeah)
I got it tattooed on my sleeve forever in ink
With guess whose name?
But I still don't know why (Yeah, don't know why)
Why our love is so much (Thanks for warning me; yeah)
Yeah (Thanks for warning me; yeah)
And, baby, it's amazin' I'm in this maze with you
(Uh, uh, uh, uh)
I just can't crack your code (Uh, uh-uh, uh, uh-uh, uh)
One day, you're screamin' you love me loud
The next day, you're so cold (Uh, uh, uh, uh, uh, uh)
One day, you're here, one day, you're there
One day, you care, you're so unfair (Uh, uh, uh, uh)
Sippin' from your cup 'til it runneth over
Holy Grail (Yeah)

Ooh-ooh-ooh
(Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy grail, yeah)
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
(Holy, holy, holy, holy, holy, holy grail, yeah)
Ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh-ooh
(Holy, holy, holy)
Don't know why
394Embed
Geah, yeah
Life is but a dream to me, I don't wanna wake up
Thirty odd years without having my cake up
So I'm about my paper 24/7, 365, 366 in a leap year
I don't know why we here
Since we gotta be here life is but a beach ch-ch-ch-chair
Went from having shabby clothes, crossing over Abbey Road
Hear my angels singing to me (Are you happy, Hov?)
I just hope I'm hearing right; karma's got me fearing life
Colleek, are you praying for me?
See I got demons in my past, so I got daughters on the way
If the prophecy's correct, then the child should have to pay
For the sins of a father, so I barter my tomorrows
Against my yesterdays in hopes that she'll be okay
And when I'm no longer here to shade her face from the glare
I'll give her my share of Carol's Daughter and a new beach chair
I hear my angels sing...
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna wake up, wake up
(I hear my angels sing)
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna leave
(I hear my angels sing)
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna wake up, wake up
(I hear my angels sing)
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna leave
You might also like
Life is but a dream to me
Gun shots sing to these other guys
But lullabies don't mean a thing to me
I'm not afraid of dying, I'm afraid of not trying
Every day, hit every wave like I'm Hawaiian
I don't surf the net, no, I never been on MySpace
Too busy letting my voice vibrate
Carving out my space in this world of fly girls
Cut-throats and diamond-cut ropes I twirls
Benzes 'round corners where the sun don't shine
I let the wheels give a glimpse of hope of one's grind
Son said: "Hov, how you get so fly?"
I said: "From not being afraid to fall out the sky"
My physical's a shell, so when I say farewell
My soul will find a even higher plane to dwell
So fly, you shall, so have no fear
Just know that life is but a beach chair

I hear my angels sing...
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna wake up, wake up
(I hear my angels sing)
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna leave
Life is but a dream
(I hear my angels sing)
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna wake up, wake up
(I hear my angels sing)
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna leave
Life is but a dream
Life is but a dream
Can't mimic my life, I'm the thinnest cut slice
Intercut, the winner's cup
With winters rough enough to interrupt life
That's why I'm both saint and sinner, nice
This is Jay everyday, no compromise
No compass comes with this life, just eyes
So to map it out, you must look inside
Sure, books could guide you, but your heart defines you, chica
Your corazón is what brought us home
In great shape like Heidi Klum, maricón
I am on permanent vacay, life is but a beach chair
This song's like a Hallmark card until you reach here
So 'til she's here, and she's declared
The heir, I will prepare
A blueprint for you to print, a map for you to get back
A guide for your eyes; and so you won't lose scent
I'll make a stink for you to think I ink these verses full of prose
So you won't get conned out of two cent
My last will and testament: I leave my heir
My share of Roc-A-Fella Records and a shiny new beach chair

I hear my angels sing...
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna wake up, wake up
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna leave
Life is but a dream
(I hear my angels sing)
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna wake up, wake up
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna leave
Life is but a dream
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna wake up, wake up
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna leave
Life is but a dream
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna wake up, wake up
Life is just a dream and you really don't wanna leave
Life is but a dream
I hear my angels sing
I hear my angels sing
I hear my angels sing10Embed

Have you ever been to heaven?
Have you ever seen the gates?
Have you bowed unto your highness?
And do you know how heaven taste? Knock me down

Arm, leg, leg, arm, head – this is God body
Knowledge, wisdom, freedom, understanding, we just want our equality
Food, clothing, shelter, help a nigga find some peace
Happiness for a gangsta, ain't no love in these streets
Conspiracy theorist screaming Illuminati
They can't believe this much skill is in the human body
He's 6'2", how the fuck he fit in a new Bugatti?
Aw, fuck it, you got me
Question religion, question it all
Question existence until them questions are solved
Meanwhile this heretic, I be out in Marrakesh
Morocco smoking hashish with my fellowship
Y'all dwell on devil shit, I'm in a Diablo
Yellow shit, color of Jell-O shit
Hello bitch, it's me again
Fresh in my Easter clothes feeling like Jesus and
You might also like
Have you ever been to heaven?
Have you ever seen the gates?
Have you bowed unto your highness?
And do you know how heaven taste? Knock me down

That's me in the corner, that's me in the spotlight
Losing my religion, losing my religion

Getting ghost in the Ghost, can you see me? Can you see me?
Have mercy on a Judas, angel wings on a 'ghini
I'm secular, tell the hecklers seckle down
Y'all religion creates division like my Maybach partition
And God is my chauffeur, boy they love Hova
From the south side of Chi to Brooklyn where I growed up
I confess, God in the flesh
Live among the serpents, turn arenas into churches
I'm like Michael, recycle, these are not 16's
These are verses from the Bible
Tell that preacher he's a preacher, I'm a motherfuckin' prophet
Smoke a tree of knowledge, drink from a gold chalice
You gotta love it, I arrive at the pearly gates
I had luggage, meaning I had baggage
Niggas asking me questions, I don't answer to these busters
Only God could judge us, motherfuckers, uh
Have you ever been to heaven?
Have you ever seen the gates?
Have you bowed unto your highness?
And do you know how heaven taste? Knock me down

Heaven or Hell, the cards we been dealt
Are the cards that we play, play, play
Die for what you believe, only one god recedes
When the shots spray, spray, spray31Embed
Uhh...
Uhh, yeah
Won't stop niggas
"Somehow the rap game remind me of the crack game"
Jigga! Feel me!
Pa-pause, told ya motherfuckers, told ya
"See that rap shit is really just like sellin smoke"
Uhh, Roc-A-Fella
Geyeah

We treat this rap shit just like, handlin' weight
What they want we give it to 'em, what they abandon we take
Hit a rapper with consignment, let him know it's at stake
Put his ass in the studio, let him cook up a cake
When it's hot, get on my money spot in every state
Like the wiz in Camelot, the mom-and-pop's is the gate
But first we scope shit, advertise in every area
Let the fiends know hey, we got some dope shit
Gon' need a middle man, so we look to radio
Let 'em test the product, give 'em a promo show
Just a breeze, not enough to catch a real vibe
Then we drop a maxi single and charge 'em two for five
Ain't tryin' to, kill 'em at first just, buildin' clientele
So when the album drops the first weeks it's on sale
But when demand grows it's time to expand yo
You don't want no garbage papi, it's ten grand per blow, fo' sho'
You might also like
"Somehow the rap game reminds me of the crack game"
"See that rap shit is really just like sellin' smoke"
"Somehow the rap game reminds me of the crack game"
"See that rap shit is really just like sellin' smoke"
"Somehow the rap game reminds me of the crack game"
"See that rap shit is really just like sellin' smoke"

Ge-ge-geyeah
I got that uncut raw to make a fiend's body jerk
Got your whole block now, pumpin' my work
My CD's is like keys for you Willie's who
Like to floss my cassette tapes in sixty-two's
And my singles like gems, you know the treys
Get you high for a while, but the, high don't stay
You need another fix, you better cop these last two bricks
'Cause when this shit flip, I'ma get on some other shit
Never pitchin' for a label, Jigga's the hook-up
You know my shit is fishscale, y'all niggas is cook up
Just blow up, scream my name from Brooklyn to Da-kota
They know my shit stretch without the bakin' soda
Went from an eighth, to a quarter, to a half a key
Priority's work wasn't right so I switched factories
Now I'm the new nigga, who figured I'd get the game locked
Now watch how the prices of your cocaine drop, papa
"Somehow the rap game reminds me of the crack game"
"See that rap shit is really just like sellin' smoke"
"Somehow the rap game reminds me of the crack game"
"See that rap shit is really just like sellin' smoke"
"Somehow the rap game reminds me of the crack game"
"See that rap shit is really just like sellin' smoke"
"Somehow the rap game reminds me of the crack game"
"See that rap shit is really just like sellin' smoke"7Embed
(You see this motherfucking face)
Blessings, blessings, yeah, I see..

Elephant tusk on the bow of a sailing lady, docked on the Ivory Coast
Mercedes in a row winding down the road
I hope my black skin don't dirt this white tuxedo before the Basquiat show
And if so, well fuck it, fuck it
Because this water drown my family, this water mixed my blood
This water tells my story, this water knows it all
Go ahead and spill some champagne in the water
Go ahead and watch the sun blaze on the waves of the ocean

Dope boy still smelling like cocaina
White boat, white robe, can he be more cleaner?
The oil spill that BP ain't clean up
I'm anti-Santa Maria
Only Christopher we acknowledge is Wallace
I don't even like Washingtons in my pocket
Black card go hard when I'm shopping
Boat docked in front of Hermès picking cotton
Silk and fleeces, lay on my Jesus
Oh my God, I hope y'all don't get seasick
See me in shit you never saw
If it wasn't for these pictures they wouldn't see me at all
Aww, whole world's in awe
I crash through glass ceilings, I break through closed doors
I'm on the ocean, I'm in heaven
Yachting, Ocean 11
You might also like
Elephant tusk on the bow of a sailing lady, docked on the Ivory Coast
Mercedes in a row winding down the road
I hope my black skin don't dirt this white tuxedo before the Basquiat show
And if so, well fuck it, fuck it
Because this water drown my family, this water mixed my blood
This water tells my story, this water knows it all
Go ahead and spill some champagne in the water
Go ahead and watch the sun blaze on the waves of the ocean

Me and Ty Ty is like Pablo and Popeye
Winding dirt roads on mopeds spilling Opus
Welcome to the magnum opus, the Magna Carta
The best-selling author Decoded
On the holiday playin' "Strange Fruit"
If I'ma make it to a billi, I can't take the same route
Swoosh, that's the sound of the border
Swoosh, and that's the sound of a baller
Muhammad Hovi my back against the rope
The black Maybach, I'm back inside the boat
Shepard Fairey they finally gave me some hope
Can't believe they got a nigga to vote
Democrat? Nope, I sold dope
In trouble waters I had to learn how to float
On the ocean, I'm in heaven
Yachting, Ocean 11
Elephant tusk on the bow of a sailing lady, docked on the Ivory Coast
Mercedes in a row winding down the road
I hope my black skin don't dirt this white tuxedo before the Basquiat show
And if so, well fuck it, fuck it
Because this water drown my family, this water mixed my blood
This water tells my story, this water knows it all
Go ahead and spill some champagne in the water
Go ahead and watch the sun blaze on the waves of the ocean68Embed

Okay, I'm reloaded
You motherfuckers think you big time?
Fuckin' with Jay-Z, you gon' die, big time
Here come ''The Pain''
Jigga (Jigga)
Bigga (Bigga)
Nigga, how you figure? (How you figure?)
Yeah, yeah, yeah

A-yo, peep the style and the way the cops sweat us (Uh-huh)
The number one question is can the Feds get us? (Uh-huh)
I got vendettas in dice games against ass bettors (Uh-huh)
And niggas who pump wheels and drive Jettas
Take that wit' ya!

Hit ya! Back-split ya! (Uh)
Fuck fist fights and lame scuffles (Uh!)
Pillow case to your face, make the shell muffle (Woo!)
Shoot your daughter in the calf muscle (Mmm-hmm)
Fuck a tussle, nickel-plated
Sprinkle coke on the floor, make it drug-related (Haha)
Most hated
You might also like
Can't fade it (Uh)
While y'all pump, willie (What?), I run up and stunt silly (Uh-huh)
Scared, so you sent your little mans to come kill me (Uh)
But on the con-trilli, I packs the MAC-milli
Squeezed off on him, left them paramedics breathin' soft on him
"What's ya name?"

Who shot ya? Mob ties like Sinatra (Uh)
Peruvians tried to do me in (Word), I ain't paid them yet
Tryna' push 700's, they ain't made them yet
Rolex and bracelets is frostbit (Frostbit), rings too
Niggas 'round the way call me Igloo, stick who!?
Motherfucker!

Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga, shit ya drawers!
(Where you from?) Brooklyn, goin' out for all!
(Marcy) That's right, you don't stop!
(Bed-Stuy) Uh-huh, you won't stop! (Nigga!)
What, what, what?

Jay-Z, Big Smalls, nigga, shit your drawers
Brooklyn represent y'all, hit, you fold
You crazy, think your little bit of rhymes can play me?
I'm from Marcy, I'm varsity, chump, you're JV
Jigga
Jay-Z
Biggie, baby (Uh)
My Bed-Stuy flow's malicious, delicious
Fuck three wishes, made my road to riches
From 62's, Gemstars, my mom's dishes (Uh)
Gram choppin', police van dockin'
D's at my doors knockin' (What?)
Keep rockin', yeah!
No more Mr. Nice Guy, I twist ya shit
The fuck back with the pistols.. blazin'!
Hot like Cajun (Uh)
Hotter than even holdin' work at the Days Inn
With New York plates outside
Get up out of there, fuck the ride!
Keep your hands high, shit gets steeper (Uh)
Here comes the Grim Reaper, Frank White
Need the keys to your InnKeeper (That's right)
Chill, homie, the bitch in the Shoney's told me
You're holdin' more drugs than a pharmacy
You ain't harmin' me, so pardon me
Pass the safe, before I blaze the place
And here's six shots just in case
(Brooklyn-lyn-lyn)
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga, shit ya drawers!
(Where you from?) Brooklyn goin' out to all!
(Crown Heights, uh) You don't stop!
(Brownsville) You won't stop! (Nigga!)
(Brooklyn, Brooklyn, Brooklyn, haha)
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga, shit ya drawers!
(Where we from?) Brooklyn goin' out to all
(Bushwick) You don't stop!
(Fort Greene) You won't stop! (Niggas)
Yeah, yeah, yeah

For '96, the only MC with a flu
Yeah, I rhyme sick, I be what you're tryin' to do
Made a fortune off Peru, extradite, China White, heroin
Nigga, please, like short sleeves, I bear arms (Umm)
Stay out my way from here on (Clear?) Gone! (Uh)
Me and Gutta had two spots
The two-for-five dollar hits, the blue tops (Uh-huh)
Gotta go, Coolio mean it's gettin' too hot
If Faith have twins, she'd probably have two Pacs (uh, uh)
Get it? (uh) 2 Pac's?
Time to separate the pros from the cons
(And the..) The platinum from the bronze
That butter-soft shit from that leather on the Fonz (Uh)
A S1 diamond from a I class don
A Chandon sipper from a Rosé nigga, Huh?
Brook-Nam, sippin' on
Cristal forever, play the crib when it's mink weather (Uh)
The M.A.F.I.A. keep cannons in they Marc Buchanan's (Uh)
Usually cuatro cinco, the shell sink slow
Tossin' ya, mad slugs through your Nautica
I'm warnin' ya! (Ha, what the fuck?)

Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga, shit ya drawers!
(Where you from?) Brooklyn goin' out to all!
(Flatbush) You don't stop!
(Red Hook) That's right, you won't stop! (Nigga!) Hahaha!
(Brooklyn, Brooklyn, Brooklyn)
Jay-Z and Biggie Smalls, nigga shit your drawers!
(Where you from?) Brooklyn goin' out to all!
(East New York) You don't stop!
(Clinton Hill, uh-huh) You won't stop! (Nigga!)
(Brooklyn, Brooklyn, Brooklyn, Brooklyn)
Is Brooklyn in the house?

Uh, Roc-A-Fella, y'all
Junior M.A.F.I.A
Supermen clique
Brooklyn's Finest, you rewind this
Representin' BK to the fullest29Embed
Who wants that perfect love story anyway, anyway?
Cliché, cliché, cliché, cliché
Who wants that hero love that saves the day, anyway?
Cliché, cliché, cliché, cliché
What about the bad guy goes good, yeah?
An innocent love I'm misunderstood, yeah?
Black hour glass, our glass
Toast to clichés in a dark past
Toast to clichés in a dark past

Boy meets girl, girl perfect woman
Girl get to bustin' before the cops come running
Chuck the deuces, chugging D'USSÉ, ugh
Fuck what you say, boys in blue say

I don't care if we on the run
Baby as long I'm next to you
(Uhuu)
And if loving you is a crime
Tell me why do I bring out the best in you
Why

I hear sirens while we make love
Loud as hell, but they don't know
They're nowhere near us
I will hold your heart and your gun
I don't care if they come, noooo
I know it's crazy but
You might also like
They can take me
Now that I found the places that you
Take me
Without you I got nothing to lose

I'm an outlaw, got an outlaw chick
Bumping 2Pac, on my outlaw shit
Matching tats, this Ink don't come off
Even if rings come off, if things ring off
My nails get dirty, my past ain't pretty
My lady is, my Mercedes is
My baby momma harder than a lot of you niggas
Keep it 100, hit the lottery niggas
You ain't about that life ain't gotta lie to me, nigga
You know it's till the death, I hope it's obvi to niggas
Ugh
Cross the line, speak about mine
I'ma wave this TEC, I'm a geek about mine
Touch a nigga where his rib at, I click clack
Push your mothafuckin' wig back, I did that
I been wilding since a juvi, she was a good girl
'til she knew me, now she is in the drop bustin' Uey's, screaming

They can take me
Now that I found the places that you
Take me
Without you I got nothing to lose
Deeper than words, beyond right
Die for your love, beyond life
Sweet as a Jesus piece, beyond ice
Blind me baby with your neon lights
Ray Bans on, police in sight
Oh, what a beautiful death, let's both wear white
If you go to heaven and they bring me to hell
Just sneak out and meet me, bring a box of L's
She fell in love with the bad guy, the bad guy
What you doing with them rap guys, them rap guys
They ain't see potential in me girl, but you see it
If it's me and you against the world, then so be it

I don't care if they give me life
I get all of my life from you
(Uhuu)
And if loving you had a price
I would pay my life for you

I hear sirens while we make love
Loud as hell, but they don't know
They're nowhere near us
I will hold your heart and your gun
I don't care if they come, noooo
I know it's crazy but
I don't care I'll never give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it all away
No I swear I'll never give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it all away
I don't care I'll never give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it all away
No I swear I'll never give it up
Give it up, give it up, give it all away
(Without you I got nothing to lose)339Embed
“I work and work 'til I'm half-dead and I hear people saying
"She's getting old," and what do I get? A daughter
Who cares as much about the beautiful dresses I give her
As she cares about ME!”

Let's do this for these babies
Mercedes truck, fuck, houses on acres
Blatantly ballin' on HD
Y'all need to step up y'all AV
Life changed again I was already taking off
My flight changed again
Slight change of winds
It's barely 12 noon and my wife changed again
Baby need Pampers
Daddy need at least three weeks in the Hamptons
Please don't judge me, only hugged the block
I thought my daddy didn't love me
My baby getting chubby
Cue that Stevie Wonder music, aww, isn't she lovely?
Now I'm staring at her praying that things don't get ugly
And I'm stuck in that old cycle like wife leaves hubby
Fuck joint custody, I need a joint right now
Just the thought alone fucks with me
You might also like
High on life
I could die from the fall, imagine if I hit the floor
Apologies in order to Blue Ivy my daughter
If it was up to me, you would be with me, sort of like daddy dearest

"Don't fuck with me fellas. This ain't my first time at the rodeo."

I dream filthy (My mom and pops)
Mixed me with Jamaican (Rum and whiskey, what a set off)
And I know I'm not perfect baby
I done been through so much trauma, it gonna be hard to reverse it
With some doctors and some nurses maybe
Teach me on how to treat a lady, open doors on the 'Cedes
This relationship shit is complicated
All I know if we ain't speaking everyday, I fucking hate it
I don't wanna duplicate it
I seen my mom and pop drive each other mothafuckin' crazy
And I got that nigga blood in me
I got his ego and his temper, all is missing is the drugs in me

High on life
I could die from the fall, imagine if I hit the floor
Apologies in order to Blue Ivy my daughter
If it was up to me, you would be with me, sort of like daddy dearest
"No... wire... hangers... EVER!"

Father never taught me how to be a father, treat a mother
I don't wanna have to just repeat another leave another
Baby with no daddy want no momma drama
I just wanna take her back to a time when everything was calmer
Out in Paris on a terrace watching the Eiffel Tower
And a Ferris wheel yet and still, nothing could prepare us
For the beauty that you be Blue be
Looking in your eyes is like a mirror, have to face my fears
Cheer up, why can't you just be happy
Without these back and forth thoughts, you too much like your daddy
Badly I just wanna spent more time with him
Sadly life wouldn't let me get around with him
Now I got my own daughter, taught her how to take her first steps
Cut the cord watch her take her first breath
And I'm trying and I'm lying if I said I wasn't scared
But in life and death if I ain't here

High on life
I could die from the fall, imagine if I hit the floor
Apologies in order to Blue Ivy my daughter
If it was up to me, you would be with me, sort of like daddy dearest21Embed
億万長者少年倶楽部
My moth
Uh! Let's work!
Afucker is a billionaire mothafucker (Let's work! Talk to me, youlet's work!)
Where  heard ta at?!
That shit
I said my mothafucka is a billionaire mothafucker (Let's work! Where you at?! Let's work!)
Where you from?! Let's work!

Let's work
D-boy drug dealer look
Billionaire (Oh!)
D-boy drug dealer look
Billionaire nigga!
From the coca leafs to the farmers
To the polo fleece to the bombers
R.I.P. to Gianni
Now we on our way
D-boy drug dealer look
Billionaire

Bally shoes, Gucci sneakers
Pharrell's a pharaoh, peep the features
Unlaced Adidas
Top of the world like pyramids in Giza
Fila sweats, 88 I rocked a mock neck
Carried a nine in my projects
Bucket hat EPMD cassettes
Now I'm smoking loud in Ibiza
Mix the D'USSE with the reefer
My whole life is leisure
Gangsta lean like the Pisa
Eiffel Tower, Hermés towel
The Feds is perched like an owl
Real niggas all feel the hook
You might also like
Let's work
D-boy drug dealer look
Billionaire
D-boy drug dealer look
Billionaire nigga!
From the coca leafs to the farmers
To the polo fleece to the bombers
R.I.P. to Gianni
Now we on our way
D-boy drug dealer look
Billionaire

What you know about going out, head west
Maybach, 3 TV's all up in the headrest
Mace niggas at Madison Square Garden
20 million sold and we still catching charges
Rope chains, Rakim and Eric B
Bought my sidekicks Suzuki Jeeps and Cherokees
Hoop earrings, coupes with the rear cameras
Put that bitch in a cherry M3
I'm not your average dope dealer
Silver Toyota 4Runner's a four-wheeler
Me and Teflon Q45 infinite
Windows tinted, white girl all in it
Britney, bitch
MCM seats buck 50 stitch
Versace plates got the Basquiat
Collab from Versace's place
Cuban link 5 kilo
Your life is illegal when your chain can get the rico
Real niggas all feel the hook
Let's work
D-boy drug dealer look
Billionaire
D-boy drug dealer look
Billionaire nigga!
From the coca leafs to the farmers
To the polo fleece to the bombers
R.I.P. to Gianni
Now we on our way
D-boy drug dealer look
Billionaire

자기 신발 끝내주는데
자기 돈 좀 많나봐
자기 스타일 진짜 멋있다
백만장자 소년들의 모임54Embed
Hey, sucka nigga, wherever you are
I thought about you, fool, while I was driving my car
I wonder if you fools realize how far you are
You're nowhere in my rear mirror

Your last shit ain't better than my first shit, uh
Your best shit ain't better than my worst shit, uh
The truth in my verses versus
Your metaphors about what your net worth is

Ha-ha, ha-ha-haYou might also like5Embed
"You're busy?"
"I wanna love you back, I, I wanna love you back, I, I wanna love you back, I love you back, the group of my fam."
Family first
Honor, integrity
R.O.C

Head of the family
El Padrino
Welcome home to Emory
Let's get back to this dinero

Niggas wanna kidnap wifey
Good luck with that bruh
You must gonna hide your whole family
What you think we wearing black for
Ready for that war, ready for that war, ready
You ain't ready yo, you radio, you ain't really ready
Real shit chyea, Alpo bought his bricks here
Elvis got his records took, it's like we got our seventh gear
NFL investigations, oh, don't make me laugh
FBI investigation, we stood up to that
Facts only, everything real in my raps only
Every nigga real in my clique really
Everyone's a movie star you got to film me
La familia
You might also like
Head of the family
El Padrino
Welcome home to Emory
Let's get back to this dinero

Ready for that war
Ready for that war, ready
You ain't ready yo, you radio
You ain't really ready
Head of the Family
El Padrino

My brothers is my brother like my brother is
My niggas is my brother like my mother kids
Not just in good times, that's that sucka shit
But in war times, it's just what it is
Head of the family, all my niggas bosses though
Y'all don't understand we? We talk that shit bosses know
Triple fuckin' OG, what's up to my nigga Juan
Tell these niggas pull their fuckin' skirt down, I could see their ovaries
Niggas snitching switching teams, out here telling bitches things
Industry talk behind your back, ain't nobody got time for that
Facts only, everything real in my raps only
Every nigga real in my clique really
Even the girls keep it two hundred and trilly
It's la familia
Head of the family
El Padrino
Welcome home to Emory
Let's get back to this dinero

Ready for that war
Ready for that war, ready
You ain't ready yo, you radio
You ain't really ready
Head of the Family
El Padrino18Embed
Hit ya ass on the celly, 'cause I ain't got time
To be arguing with your ass, if you ain't really ready
Girl, why you never ready? For as long as you took
You better look like Halle Berry... Or Beyoncé
Shit, then we getting married
I brought sand to the beach 'cause my beach is better
You can keep ya beach 'cause that beach whatever
Started out at The Darby, ended up at 1 Oak
Left the house with 100 grand, ended up near broke
Don't get mad at me, I'm buying bucket after bucket
When it's gone I'm like "Fuck it"
I replace it with another one
Can't take this money with you
Burn this shit up like I'm Richard
Niggas asking "Is the oven on?"You might also like34Embed
Clap for a nigga with his rapping ass
Blow a stack for your niggas with your trapping ass
Clap for a nigga with his rapping ass
Blow a stack for your niggas with your trapping ass

Tom Ford
Tom Ford
Tom Ford
Coming up, coming down
Riding clean fix your hair in my Crown
Bad bitch, H town
Keep it trill, y'all know y'all can't fuck around

Paris where we been, pard' my Parisian
It's Hov time in no time, it's fuck-all-y'all season
Piss Bordeaux and Burgundies, flush out a Riesling
When Hov's out, them hoes out, y'all put y'all weaves in, and
Clap for a nigga with his rapping ass
Blow a stack for your niggas with your trapping ass
Spent all my euros on tuxes and weird clothes
I party with weirdos, yeah Hov, yeah Hov
You might also like
I don't pop molly, I rock Tom Ford
International bring back the Concorde
Numbers don't lie, check the scoreboard
Tom Ford
Tom Ford
Tom Ford

Hands down got the best flow, sound I'm so special
Sound boy burial, this my Wayne Perry flow
Y'all know nothing 'bout Wayne Perry though
District of Columbia, guns on y'all Tumblrs
Fuck hashtags and retweets, nigga
140 characters in these streets, nigga
Pardon my laughing, y'all only flagging on beats, nigga
Pardon my laughing, I happen to think you sweet

I don't pop molly, I rock Tom Ford
International bring back the Concorde
Numbers don't lie, check the scoreboard
Tom Ford
Tom Ford
Tom Ford
Oh, man, homie, so throwed
Coming up, coming down
Riding clean fix your hair in my Crown
Bad bitch, H town
Keep it trill, y'all know y'all can't fuck around

Hold up
I don't pop molly, I rock Tom Ford77Embed

Take the bass line out
Uh-huh, Jigga
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh, yeah
Let it bump though

It's the hard knock life for us
It's the hard knock life for us
Instead of treated, we get tricked
Instead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the hard knock life!

From standin' on the corners, boppin'
To drivin' some of the hottest cars New York has ever seen
From droppin' some of the hottest verses rap has ever heard
From the dope spot, with the smoke Glock
Fleein' the murder scene, you know me well
From nightmares of a lonely cell, my only hell
But since when y'all niggas know me to fail? Fuck naw
Where all my niggas with the rubber grips, bust shots
And if you with me, mama, rub on your tits, and what-not
I'm from the school of the hard knocks, you must not
Let outsiders violate our blocks and my plot
Let's stick up the world and split it 50/50, uh-huh
Let's take the dough and stay real jiggy, uh-huh
And sip the Cris' and get pissy-pissy
Flow infinitely like the memory of my nigga Biggie, baby!
You know it's hell when I come through
The life and times of Shawn Carter, nigga, Volume 2
Y'all niggas get ready!
You might also like
It's the hard knock life for us
It's the hard knock life for us
Instead of treated, we get tricked
Instead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the hard knock life!

I flow for those 'dro'ed out
All my niggas locked down in the 10 by four, controllin' the house
We live in hard knocks
We don't take over, we borrow blocks
Burn 'em down and you can have it back
Daddy, I'd rather that
I flow for chicks wishin', they ain't have to strip to pay tuition
I see your vision, mama
I put my money on the longshots
All my ballers that's born to clock
Know I'ma be on top whether I perform or not
I went from lukewarm to hot
Sleepin' on futons and cots to King Size
Green machines, to green 5's
I've seen pies, let the thing between my eyes analyze life's ills
Then I put it down type Braille
I'm tight grill with the phony
Rappers, y'all might feel we homies
I'm like, "Still, y'all don't know me."
Shit, I'm tight grill when my situation ain't improvin'
I'm tryna murder everything movin' – feel me?
It's the hard knock life for us
It's the hard knock life for us
Instead of treated, we get tricked
Instead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the hard knock life!
It's the hard knock life for us
It's the hard knock life for us
Instead of treated, we get tricked
Instead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the hard knock life!

I don't know how to sleep, I gotta eat, stay on my toes
Got a lotta beef, so logically, I prey on my foes
Hustlin' is still inside of me, and as far as progress
You'd be hard-pressed to find another rapper hot as me
I gave you prophecy on my first joint, and y'all lamed out
Didn't really appreciate it 'til the second one came out
So I stretched the game out, etched your name out
Put Jigga on top and dropped albums non-stop for ya, nigga!

It's the hard knock life for us
It's the hard knock life for us
Instead of treated, we get tricked
Instead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the hard knock life!62Embed

Uh, I just want a Picasso
In my casa, no, my castle
I'm a hassa, no, I'm an asshole
I'm never satisfied, can't knock my hustle
I want a Rothko, no, I want a brothel
No, I want a wife that fuck me like a prostitute
Let's make love on a million
In a dirty hotel with the fan on the ceiling, uh
All for the love of drug dealing, uh
Marble floors, uh, gold ceilings, uh
Oh, what a feeling
Fuck it, I want a billion
Jeff Koons balloons, I just wanna blow up
Condos in my condos, I wanna row of
Christie's with my missy, live at the MoMA
Bacons and turkey bacons, smell the aroma

Oh, what a feeling
Picasso, baby
Picasso
Picasso, baby
Oh, what a feeling
Picasso, baby
Picasso
Picasso, baby
You might also like
It ain't hard to tell, I'm the new Jean Michel
Surrounded by Warhols, my whole team ball
Twin Bugattis outside the Art Basel
I just wanna live life colossal
Leonardo Da Vinci flows
Riccardo Tisci Givenchy clothes
See me throning at the Met
Vogueing on these niggas, champagne on my breath, yes
House like the Louvre or the Tate Modern
'Cause I be going ape at the auction
Oh, what a feeling
Aw, fuck it, I want a trillion
Sleeping every night next to Mona Lisa
The modern day version with better features
Yellow Basquiat in my kitchen corner
Go 'head, lean on that shit, Blue, you own it, uh

Oh, what a feeling
Picasso, baby
Picasso
Picasso, baby
Oh, what a feeling
Picasso, baby
Picasso
Picasso, baby
Woman: Et là je t'ai tout donné, montré, rien à cacher, tu es là Ivy, comme le nombre d'or
Jay, comment tu dis nombre d'or?
Jay-Z: The golden number
Woman: Touché

Okay, I never stuck my cock in the fox's box, but
Damned if I ain't open Pandora's box
They try to slander your man on CNN and Fox
My Mirandas don't stand a chance with cops
Even my old fans like, "Old man, just stop"
I could if I would, but I can't, I'm hot
And you blow, I'm still the man to watch
Hublot on my left hand or not
Soon I step out the booth, the cameras pops
Niggas is cool with it 'til the canons pop
Now my hand on the Bible on the stand
Got your man in a jam again, got my hands in cuff
I'm like goddamn, enough
I put down the cans and they ran amok
My hairpin pierce skin, ruptures spleens
Cracks ribs, go through cribs, and other things
No sympathy for the king, huh?
Niggas even talk about your baby crazy
Eventually the pendulum swings
Don't forget America, this how you made me
Come through with the 'Ye mask on
Spray everything like SAMO, I won't scratch the Lambo
What's it gon' take for me to go, for you to see?
I'm the modern day Pablo Picasso, baby38Embed
I don't know what life will be in H.I.P. H.O.P
Without the boy H.O.V
Not only N.Y.C. I'm hip hop's savior
So after this flow you might owe me a favor
When kingdom come, you ready?
When kingdom come, I'm ready
When kingdom come I'm ready

Now everywhere I go they like HOV come back
Up out the corner office out the cul-de-sac
Where's Iceberg Slim he was the coldest cat
Get your swag back daddy where your focus at
Got to admit a little bit I was sick of rap
But despite that the boy is back
And I'm so evolved I'm so involved
I'm showing growth, I'm so in charge
I'm CEO and yeah glory to God
I'm so indebted, I should have been deaded
Selling blow in the park, this I know in my heart
Now I'm so enlightened I might glow in the dark
I been up in the office you might know him as Clark
But, just when you thought the whole world fell apart
I, take off the blazer, loosen up the tie
Step inside the booth, Superman is alive
You might also like
The King of New York, New York
Not only N.Y.C., I'm hip hop's savior
So after this flow you might owe me a favor
When kingdom come, you ready?
When kingdom come, uh huh
Not only N.Y.C., I'm hip hop's savior
So after this flow you might owe me a favor

I hear "hurry up Hov'" when I'm out in the public
'Cause niggas like: "but you love it; you be it, you're of it
You breathe it, we need it; bring it back to the hustlas"
Had to dust off the Hammer dance, can't touch this
C'mon playboys, bring the cars back out
'Cause ya boy Hov is back, you know them broads coming out
Got 'em dancing on the banquette, like they from Bankhead
Fuck Cristal, so they ask me what we drinking
I thought dudes remark was rude okay
So I moved on to Dom, Krug Rosé
And it's much bigger issues in the world, I know
But I first had to take care of the world I know
I'm from the bottom, so I still feel 'em from the bottom
Underdog before my cape, still couldn't stop him
Flash Gordon when recording, spark the light in the dark
Peter Park', Spider-Man, all I do is climb the charts
The King of New York, New York
Not only N.Y.C., I'm hip hop's savior
So after this flow you might owe me a favor
When kingdom come, you ready?
When kingdom come, uh huh
Not only N.Y.C., I'm hip hop's savior
So after this flow you might owe me a favor

Just when they thought it was all over
I put the whole world on my back and broad shoulders
The War-Hova, but who you know took over tracks like that
Guess what New York, New York - we back
And I ain't never been afraid of a drought
Since I was six, seventeen been getting money down South
Bout it, bout it, Master P
Ask the nigga Pimp C, ask my homie Bun B
I run the streets the streets don't run we
Y'all run, we chill still waters run deep
I repeat, sing along with me
I run the streets, the streets don't run we
Ladies saying "Where you been Superman?"
When niggas spending ten million in media on my hands
The Bruce Wayne of the game have no fear
When you need me just throw your ROC signs in the air, yeah!
The King of New York, New York
Not only N.Y.C., I'm hip hop's savior
So after this flow you might owe me a favor
When kingdom come, you ready?
When kingdom come, uh huh
Not only N.Y.C., I'm hip hop's savior
So after this flow you might owe me a favor7Embed
They can't keep a good man down
Always keep a smile when they want me to frowns
Keep the vibes and they stood my grounds
They will never ever take my crown
Who Jah bless I say no man curse
Things gettin' better when they thought it would be worse
Here comes the officers askin' for a search
They found no weapon just only a draw of herbs

You in the presence of a king
Scratch that, you in the presence of a God
Put in the belly of the beast
I escaped, a nigga never had a job
Scott Boras, you over baby
Robinson Cano, you coming with me
These niggas like rotary phones
It's a new day, hit up KD
Niggas always try to knock a nigga down
Knock me to my knees about a million times
Uncle said I'll never sell a million records
I sold a million records like a million times
These niggas shouldn't let me in
I ball so hard on ESPN
See my name come across on CNN
'bout 6 minutes, you gonna see it again
'bout 6 minutes, you gonna see me again
You might also like
Shit on me, these niggas tried to shit on me
I was left for dead, they tried to wipe me out of your history
Shit on me, these niggas tried to shit on me
I was left for dead, they tried to wipe me out of they history

If Fear is your only God
Get y'all to fear me is my only job
Crown, crown
Crown, crown

Bulletproof glass, glass roof like the Pope
Bulletproof love, niggas down since the yolk
Bitch asked if I was God, fuck I'm supposed to say? No?
You already seen me turn a man to a G.O.A.T
You already know what I could do with the coke
Dropped it in the water, made it disappear
I made it reappear, I had that bitch on a rope
I make my roof get ghost, bottom grill, I make my tooth get gold
All the shit I did, I wasn't supposed to live, Hallelujah Hov
Wasn't for the 'caine wouldn't be able
Wasn't for the bread, probably be dead
Best friends become ya enemies, niggas' knives are double-edged
Shit on me, these niggas tried to shit on me
I was left for dead, they tried to wipe me out of your history
Shit on me, these niggas tried to shit on me
I was left for dead, they tried to wipe me out of they history43Embed
Just let me be great
Let me be great
I feel like mothafuckin' Cassius Clay right now
Genius!
Don't be good my nigga, be great
After that government cheese, we eating steak
After the projects, now we on estates
I'm from the bottom, I know you can relate
Fuck up the world
Just fuck up this world
Fuck up the world

Me and destiny got a date
Martin had a dream, Hov got a team
My chain already heavy, don't let me get a ring
Parades down Flatbush, confetti on my fur
Turn right in Rutland, niggas heavy on the curb
See most my niggas died early twenties or late teens
I'm just trying to come from under the thumb of this regime
1% of a billion more than niggas even seen
Still they wanna act like it's an everyday thing, clean
You might also like
Fuck up this world
Fuck up this world
Fuck up this world
Fuck up the, uhh

High Yellow sky dweller and the rose gold
Legend of the summer in the Rose Bowl
Came through Pasadena in the low-low
Just to show respect to the cholos
Feelin' like a stranger in my own land
Got me feeling like Brody in Homeland
I just want a shot to show my genius
Standing on the top hold my penis
America tried to emasculate the greats
Murdered Malcolm, gave Cassius the shakes
Wait, tell them rumble young man rumble
Try to dim your lights tell you be humble
You know I'm gon' shine like a trillion watts
You know a nigga trill as Michael Jackson socks
Sendin' light out to Compton and the hundred blocks
Lil bastard boy, basking on top

I fuck up this world
Just fuck up this world
Let's fuck up the world
Fuck up the, uhh
Sipping D'USSÉ boy this ain't your daddy yak
He in a Cadillac; me? I'm in the Maybach
This ain't grey sweat suits and white tube socks
This is black leather pants and a pair of Stance
Socks is my synopsis is clear
Got strip clubs feeling like Oxford, I swear
Teacher-teacher, I'm trying to unteach ya
All the shit they taught y'all, they got you all in the bleachers
When you front row at the Knicks game, those the Spike Lees
You front row everywhere, you in the H.O.V.'s
Jordan 1's and dungarees
And that's just the half of my warpath
Make a million another million let my niggas make a million
'til we all check a billion, shit it's just the way I'm feeling
We have yet to see a ceiling, we just top what we top
Cause the bars don't struggle when the struggle don't stop

Just fuck up this world27Embed
Nickels and dimes
Sticks to my mind
I want more than
You have my friends

Got a thing for nickel plated nines and pretty dimes
MAC-11, I squeeze like lemon limes
Squirt obey your thirst, fashion lines
'tween beauty and beast, I walk the line
Johnny Cash, I'm a real G
I cut myself today to see if I still bleed
Success is so sublime
Gotta do that time to time so I don't lose my mind
Something 'bout the struggle so divine
This sort of love is hard to define
When you scratching for every nickel and dime
Got me itching to do this shit for my mom
Do this shit for my town
Leave the door open hoping they kick it down
The purest form of giving is anonymous to anonymous
We gon' make it there, I promise this

Nickels and dimes
Sticks to my mind
I want more than
You have my friends
You might also like
Sometimes I feel survivor's guilt
I gave some money to this guy, he got high as hell
Now I'm part of the problem far as I could tell
Did I do it for him or do it for myself
Can't lie to myself
I love my niggas more than my own blood
I die for my niggas and I love my cub, hope that's not fucked up
I got a problem with the handouts, I took the man route
I'll give an opportunity though, that's the plan now
No guilt in giving clear a nigga conscience out
No guilt in receiving, every thing within reason
Can't see it taking food out my little monster's mouth
That'll drive me gaga
Run up in your momma's house, two nickels, one dime
Manslaughter charges, the lawyer, knocked it down
I'm just trying to find common ground
'fore Mr. Belafonte come and chop a nigga down
Mr. Day O, major fail
Respect these youngins boy, it's my time now
Hublot homie, two door homie
You don't know all the shit I do for the homies
Nickels and dimes
Sticks to my mind
I want more than
You have my friends
It all depends
How the story is
Nickels and dimes
Tickle my mind

Pardon my hubris, Stanley Kubrick
With eyes wide shut, I could cook up two bricks
Turn nickels to dime, turn dimes to quarters
Turn wives from daughters, oh, I'm clear as water
And just for clarity, my presence is charity
My flow is a gift, philanthropist
Everybody 'round me rich, or will be
Baby boy I promise you this, or kill me
And when a nigga go as the old adage go
You die rich and you die disgraced, so just let me grow
Watch me cook, throw no looks
Like Magic in his prime when Kareem sky hooked, yeah
Y'all not worthy, sometimes I feel like
Y'all don't deserve me, my flow unearthly
The greatest form of giving is anonymous to anonymous
So here y'all go, I promise this
Nickels and dimes
Sticks to my mind
I want more than
You have my friends26Embed
See what you made me do?

Shout out to old Jews and old rules
New blacks with new stacks
I already been the king
Retro act, I'm just bringing it back like Jordan Packs
New money, they looking down on me
Blue bloods they trying to clown on me
You can turn up your nose high society
Never gone turn down the homie
Knock knock I'm at your neighbor house
Straight cash I bought ya neighbor out
You should come to the housewarming
Come and see what your new neighbor 'bout (SKIRRRRR!)
Yellow Lambo in the driveway
A buck thirty-five, I'm on the highway
Frank Sinatra on my Sonos
Loud as fuck, I did it my way
A million sold before the album dropped
White Lexus before I had a deal
Ask Bun B about me
This ain't no snap back, a nigga been trill
By the way, fuck your mag
You ain't gotta count it my nigga I can add
1 million, 2 million, 3 million, 20 million
Oh, I'm so good at math
Might crash ya Internet
And I ain't even into that
When I was talking Instagram
Last thing you wanted was your picture snapped
Feds still lurking
They see I'm still putting work in
Cause somewhere in America
Miley Cyrus is still twerkin'
You might also like
Twerk, twerk (Miley, Miley)
Only in America44Embed
"A little over a year ago I was in bondage. And now I'm back out here, reaping the blessings, and getting the benefits that go along with it. Everything that's out here for kings like us. The reason why we like this—this jewelry and this diamonds and stuff—they don't understand, it's because we really from Africa. And that's where all this stuff come from. And we originated from kings, you know what I'm saying? So don't look down on the youngsters because they wanna have shiny things. It's in our genes, know what I'm saying? We just don't all know our history, so…"

Fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Sexy bitch, I hope she 'bout it
Come fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Sexy bitch, I hope she 'bout it
Come fuck with me, you know I got it
I just landed in Europe, nigga
Shoppin' bags, I'm a tourist, nigga
Money talk, I speak fluent, nigga
Reeboks on, I just do it, nigga
Look at me, I'm pure, nigga
I bet the hoes on my tour, nigga
I don't bop, I do the money dance
My bitch whip cost a hundred grand

Red vert, you see me slide
Sexy bitch, I hope she 'bout it
Sexy bitch, I know she 'bout it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
You might also like
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Sexy bitch, I hope she 'bout it
Come fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Sexy bitch, I hope she 'bout it
Come fuck with me, you know I got it
Hov just landed in Rome, nigga
All hail, Caesar's home, niggas
Cent'anni, ciao bella
Come money dance with the good fellas
Hov keep gettin' that dinero, got it
Even if a nigga gotta rob it, get it?
Black Jack in a casino
A nigga got unlimited credit, uh
A nigga got a lot of vendettas, uh
But we the Black mob, we gon' set it, uh
Peel off in a Lamborghini Countach
200 in the dash, we gonna rev it (skirt)
Lucky Luciano is what they call me, paesano
A 100 keys at the piano
Plays across the Verrazano
El Padrino, in the villa in Venice, sippin' vino
Not bad for a mulignan
Y'all know like we know, I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Bad bitch, I hope she 'bout it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Fuck with me, you know I got it
Bad bitch, I hope she 'bout it
Bad bitch, I know she 'bout it

I'm ridin' big, comin' down that beach
Geechi niggas with satin sheets
Bad bitch, she a masterpiece
Got a bad bitch, she a master; peace83Embed
Fuck -- shit is real right here
Roc-A-Fella, LOX, taking the streets over motherfuckers
Don't get it twisted

Yo, ayo, ayo, ayo
Yo shut the fuck up 'fore I blast and Banned From TV your ass
With no mask, look at the camera like what?
Yeah I did it, like them sick white boys the court committed
To the death of me, I spaz like I'm on Ecstasy
Drop 100 bars for real like I'm looking for a deal
If I ain't hungry, who the fuck is, I'm worse than them African kids
I ain't straight 'til my numbers match the Motorola bids
And walk the streets up in NY like I don't fucking care
If I ain't strapped that means I took 'em off my Nike Airs
Get off mine, y'all talk shit like little children
But wanna ride mine like bitches when I walk up in the building
'Cause I catch tans in the winter, with wild whores
Jet-skiing, while you keep warm at corner stores
I make it hot, flooding your block, the best way
Professionally, they'll find poison in your X-Ray
As I get roasted looking at Biggie posted on my wall
Taking shots of Louie 'til I fall
Nutting to lose, just load the clip up in the groove
And kick rhymes to the poster, 'til I swear Big moved
My team, you would think was on Thorazine
How we floss and don't give a fuck what it's cost-ing
You might also like
Yo, yo, pressure bust pipes, it's time to apply it now
Pick out a quiet town and tie it down
Make niggas lock it down, y'all know where to buy it now
Beanie Mack, I supply it now
My squad roll deep, in foreign cars with two seats
Couple of 5's, a 6, a few Jeeps
Bag enough coke to last a few weeks
In case niggas wanna test, vest and a few heats
You really wanna test my name? And test my game?
Until you have me, test my aim?
Y'all niggas nuts, like testicles
Hit you up in your apartment building vestibule
Perhaps it's best for you, to keep on walking
Heat from the Larkin, keep on sparking
Platinum prezzie, Bezzie, stay sparkling
Cop off the lot never see me at the auction
Pint of Bacardi darken, when it's hawking
Out on the strip, until I reach the margin
Not trying to meet the Sergeant, at the precinct
Eating cheese sandwiches, down for the weekend
Locked up with dirty white boys and Ricans

Now if I kill you I probably do ten in the box
Come down on appeal then I'm killing your pops
You feeling The LOX, nigga, why you grilling The LOX?
If this rap shit don't work niggas still in the spot
You bring it to me, I gotta lose your family
Gangstas don't die, they get chubby, and move to Miami
Shit is deep now dog but it gets deeper
Fuck it, the weather's nice and the price is much cheaper
I put it on tape, you gon' buy it, I put it in a bag
You gon' try it, y'all niggas can't deny it
Lot of cats still trying to study my last bounce
Tell you what, get a beat tape and a half ounce
They got me where I can't be without my large gat
Teflon long sleeve, and my hardhat
Don't matter if I'm opening up, or headline
Doing the speed limit or pushing red lines
Six months in the county or fed time
I'ma be the 'Kiss nigga, until it's bedtime
Anything I'm on is a classic
Any nigga ever had beef with, son is a bastard
Anytime I spit, spit acid, L-O-X
Ruff Ryder you heard? We got the game mastered
I told you the pain was coming
You wouldn't listen
You tried to play me like a joke?
Now who got the last laugh?
Now take these bullets with you to hell

You motherfuckers is sick, don't think Sauce the shit
So many niggas on my nuts I thought I lost my dick
Picture me falling off, I'm camera shy
Hammers fly, might miss you, but your man'll die
What's the difference? Either way I'm sonning your crew
I fuck to win, y'all niggas coming to lose
Something to prove? Spit it, we can have a spray off
I lay off wack niggas and kill 'em on my day off
Ain't nutting for me to bust a trey off
Murder the whole month of April nigga, just to take May off
Run with more Germans than Adolf, you light crews
Now I concentrate on your camp, like Jews
Flow hot like a heatwave, bitch
Whips fatter than them shits they beat slaves with
I'm a mil stacking nigga who pull quick, still packing
For you Phil Jackson niggas on that Bull shit

I don't give a FUCK who you are, so FUCK who you are
I don't care about a pretty bitch, watch or a car
I don't care about your block and whoever you shot
I don't care about your album and whenever it drop
I don't care about your past if I did I woulda asked
I'm too busy lighting 'dro with a whole lotta hash
Far as this rap shit, I'm ten steps ahead of niggas
Shooting backwards, just for practice
Ride or die nigga, hopping in your casket
'Bout to go to hell with you, blow the L with you
Tell the whole world I'm spitting, let 'em know the shells hit you
I tell niggas quick, suck dick and get a Glock
My name ring bells like Sunday at twelve o'clock
I'm half past seven, bust six then eleven
You know me, slide my man my joint say reload me
I Ruff Ryde and pop a fella for Roc-A-Fella
Screaming (what the fuck), spending mozzarella
I know pop you can't stand us 'cause we cock them hammers
Run in your crib, no prisoners, pop your grandma
Locked in the slammer? Nope, popped up in Atlanta
Crossed up in a drop, I popped up the antenna
Whoa.. watch your manners when my veins pop like Scanners
Like raindrops you hear the thunder when I cock the cannon
Big thang, big chains, ain't shit changed
Get brain in the four dot six Range
Shit mayne, switch lanes
Every town I hit, switch planes, bitch, flip big 'caine
Flow with no cut, you take it in vein to the brain
Muh'fuckas is nodding and throwing up, you know that
You don't wanna owe that man
He'll hit you, get the picture? Kodak, man
Gotta, love for war, I don't floss no more
I just sit on my money 'til I'm above the law
How the fuck you gon' stop us with your measly asses?
We don't stop at the tolls, we got E-ZPasses, nigga
Multiple cars and divas with D-Classes
Iceberg sweats with I.B. on the elastic
Shit, beatch! What the fuck, ya heard me? Hahahaha
Put some more beat on that joint3Embed
Listen, uh! Anything you want girl
I'll bet you never seen it like this
Just stay up on that floor girl
And I'll grant all your wishes
You know, you know, you know (You hot)
You know, you know, you know (You hot)
You know, you know, you know (You hot)
You know, you know, you know
Especially when you bounce, bounce
I really like it when you bounce, bounce
I see money when you bounce, bounce
Girl I like it when you bounce, bounce, whoa

Ooh you so nasty, amateur pole dancing
Come and get this cash from me, they call me Rain Man
She tried to rain dance, money so long it'll drown you girl
Buried under so much stacks
They had to pull back about 50 thou before they found ya girl
I brought book bags of that bankroll, I'm a D-boy, baby they know
I'm an original D-boy, they go bankrupt if they try to keep up
No roof in my car but I got mirrors on the ceiling
I'll spread bread on the bed, ever had sex on a million?
Tell me
You might also like
Listen, uh! Anything you want girl
I'll bet you never seen it like this
Just stay up on that floor girl
And I'll grant all your wishes
You know, you know, you know (You hot)
You know, you know, you know (You hot)
You know, you know, you know (You hot)
You know, you know, you know
Especially when you bounce, bounce
I really like it when you bounce, bounce
I see money when you bounce, bounce
Girl I like it when you bounce, bounce, whoa

Red light, TLC
Through the left eye, my POV
On the iChat
How's that for computer love? She rolled her eyes back
I'm like, "Ooh you're so nasty"
You turned my Maybach back seat into the Hotel De'Paris
I ain't gotta go down to the go-go
You got a private show that's like Magic City
I got stacks of fifties, I got piles of hundreds
Let's role play, act like you want it
You know, you know you hot like fire
You throw that body, I'll throw them dollars
But not them 1's and not no 5's
Have you ever seen a Grover Cleveland?
That's a thousand dollar bill, baby
Listen, uh! Anything you want girl
I'll bet you never seen it like this
Just stay up on that floor girl
And I'll grant all your wishes
You know, you know, you know (You hot)
You know, you know, you know (You hot)
You know, you know, you know (You hot)
You know, you know, you know
Especially when you bounce, bounce
I really like it when you bounce, bounce
I see money when you bounce, bounce
Girl I like it when you bounce, bounce, whoa

You know, you know, you hot like fire
As I blow, this dough, you might could retire
Take it slow like Neo, when shots was fired
In the Matrix have patience, got lots of bottles
Rock-a-bye baby Jay-Z got notes like Mariah
Got no 1's got no 5's, my D notes are higher
I'm a D boy, they decoys, they money is lighter
Than Nicole Richie, roll with me, they on a diet baby

Listen, uh! Anything you want girl
I'll bet you never seen it like this
Just stay up on that floor girl
And I'll grant all your wishes
You know, you know, you know (You hot)
You know, you know, you know (You hot)
You know, you know, you know (You hot)
You know, you know, you know
Especially when you bounce, bounce
I really like it when you bounce, bounce
I see money when you bounce (This is sponsored by the Goodfellas), bounce
Girl I like it when you bounce, bounce, whoa
U-S-, H-E-R, R-A-, Y-M-, O-N-D, Skateboard P
And the J to the A to the Y to the Z, bitch!
Hehe, woo!
Magic City, Club Rolex, Sue’s Rondevu
And all the amateur strippers, who's in aerobics classes
Try it out at home, it works baby, it work
I can make great, baby
Just put it on the floor baby

Listen, uh! Anything you want girl
I'll bet you never seen it like this
Just stay up on that floor girl
And I'll grant all your wishes
You know, you know, you know (You hot)
You know, you know, you know (You hot)
You know, you know, you know (You hot)
You know, you know, you know
Especially when you bounce, bounce
I really like it when you bounce, bounce
I see money when you bounce, bounce
Girl I like it when you bounce, bounce, whoa2Embed
If Hov's a Blackberry Bold, then shorty is a Sidekick
She used to have a man; I used to have a side-chick
Shorty got wind; I had to blow the chick off
She got rid of him; they both took the shit hard
Shorty played the piano; me, I played with white keys
Shorty from the South—oh, I think she like me
Shorty like Pac; me, Big Poppa
She screaming, "Hit 'em up!" I'm screaming "Who shot ya?"
I'm on that red wine; shorty like white
Same shit, different toilet; we both getting nice
Me, I'm from the Apple, which means I'm a Mac
She's a PC: She lives in my lap

Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, Venus versus Mars

Whether black or white, we both like Mike
We both like Jordans, we both Phil's Knight
I finish my breakfast, shorty's out to lunch
Yeah we both eating, it's better than brunch
Shorty like Pepsi, me I'm the coke man
Body like a Coke bottle, I crush it like a Coke can
Started at the window, end up at the wall
The Yin to my Yang, I skeet skeet off
In a salt and pepper 'Bach, shorty like to front
The Bonnie to my Clyde, both riding shotgun
Both covered in gold like C3P0
James and Florida Evans, let the good times roll
You might also like
Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, Venus versus Mars

Thought shorty was the truth, found out she was a cheater
We were supposed to take over, I caught her bumping "Ether"
I thought shorty liked Mike, found out she liked Prince
Thought she was Adrian, it's been rocky ever since
My dollars was down, she left me for some Euros
Took my whole flavor, I call her Coke Zero
We were co-MVP's like Kobe and Shaq
Left me for the Heat, we were winning back to back
Said I party too much, shorty got fed up
Shorty got Britney, shaved her whole head up
We used to make out, kissing each other's face off
Fell for the Ponzi scheme, damn shorty just made off

Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, da-da-daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, but daddy go hard
Shorty get it in, Venus versus Mars13Embed

Can't stop it, nigga (Ugh)
Check, mm-mm, uh-huh
Can't stop that, ch-ch (Timbaland shit, huh)
Put your hands together (Jiggaman shit, huh)
Yeah, ugh
Brooklyn, Brook-Brooklyn, huh (That's right)
Put your motherfuckin' hands together, uh-huh
This that shit
Yo, ugh
Put your motherfuckin' hands together, can't stop it
Yo, yo

Show-closer, J-to-the-A-Y-Hova
Place-shutter-down, who the fuck'll fuck around?
Game-spitter, Range-sitter, Bentley-driver, nigga
Keep a full clip, I have to empty out on niggas
Ho-bagger, no-slacker
Get this shit jumpin' ike eight blacks, four crackers—
Get your ass jumped
Cris'-sipper, six-dipper, wrist glitter, nigga
Gat-buster, ass-toucher, clit-licker
Go against Jigga? Yo ass is dense
I'm about a dollar, what the fuck is fifty cents?
Hot shit, kick a nigga, turn these mics out
My jewelry so bright you can turn these lights out
Hova's like Noah: Keep two in the truck
I'm like U-Haul: Every bitch moving, I fuck
You move, slut, I gotta put two in your butt
I'm everything: the whens, whys, whos, and what
Nigga, what!
You might also like
Hell, no, you can't stop it—when it's hot, it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch
When there's drama, Jigga pop—Jigga pop, pop
Hell no you can't stop it (Ugh)—when it's hot, it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch (Motherfuckin' hands together)
When there's drama, Jigga pop—Jigga pop, pop

Separate myself from the lame, no you can't see me
I'm six-oh-oh, you're three hundred C-E
Give my ladies dick, my young hoes pee-pee
Hits in a row like MJ ("Hee-hee!")
Since I was waist height, late night, bustin' in the clouds
Running wild, coming home late, cussin' out my mouth
Niggas said, "Bryan, leave your cousin in the house
Every time we play the Dozen, he's bugging out"
While y'all was playing yo-yo, I was sitting on low pros
Dippin' the po-po, gettin' that dough-dough
No, no, I ain't stupid—I take loot, kid
What's in the bank? Shoot it, lose it like I ain't do it
You wanna play Jigga, nigga? What you drank, fluid?
Got a full tank, now you wanna pull rank?
I clap steel, act ill, Jigga shoot thee
Give you chest pains, leg sprains—absolutely! What!
Hell, no, you can't stop it—when it's hot it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch
When there's drama Jigga pop, Jigga pop, pop
Hell, no, you can't stop it—when it's hot, it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch
When there's drama, Jigga pop—Jigga pop, pop, pop

Thirty-eight revolve like a Sun 'round the Earth
Try to play hard get you found 'round the dirt
Six shell casings found 'round your shirt
(*Crying*) In surround sound from the Hearse
Jiggaman, trigger-man, hit your man up
Six shots, hit the pole, hit the van up
Kidnap grown folks, get them grands up
Timbaland, hot shit—get them hands up

Hell, no, you can't stop it—when it's hot, it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch
When there's drama, Jigga pop—Jigga pop, pop
Hell, no, you can't stop it (Ugh)—when it's hot, it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch (Motherfuckin' hands together)
When there's drama Jigga pop, Jigga pop, pop (Nigga, what!)
Hell, no, you can't stop it—when it's hot it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch
When there's drama Jigga pop—Jigga pop, pop
Hell, no, you can't stop it—when it's hot, it's hot
My grind, keep me jumpin' out of drop to drop
My shine, lose your sight tryna watch the watch
When there's drama, Jigga pop—Jigga pop, pop, pop12Embed

Presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose-)

Rock on, Roc-A-Fella y'all
The saga continues (What the fuck?)

Ahh, who wanna bet us that we don't touch lettuce?
Stack cheddars forever, live treacherous, all the et ceteras
To the death of us, me and my confidants, we shine
You feel the ambiance, y'all niggas just rhyme
By the ounce, dough accumulates like snow
We don't just shine, we illuminate the whole show, you feel me?
Factions from the other side would love to kill me
Spill three quarts of my blood into the street, let alone the heat
Fuck 'em, they hate a nigga lovin' his life
In all possible ways, know the Feds is buggin' my life
Hospital days, reflectin' when my man laid up
On the Uptown hot block, he got his side sprayed up
I saw his life slippin', this is a minor setback
Yo, still in all we livin', just dream about the get-back
That made him smile, though his eyes said, "Pray for me"
I'll do you one better and slay these niggas faithfully
Murder is a tough thing to digest, it's a slow process (Mm)
And I ain't got nothin' but time
I had near brushes, not to mention
Three shots, close range, never touched me, divine intervention
Can't stop I, from drinkin' Mai-Tai's, with Ty-Ty
Down in Nevada, haha, poppa, word life
I dabbled in crazy weight without rap, I was crazy straight
Partner, I'm still spendin' money from '88, what?
You might also like
Presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose-)

Yeah, know what?
I'll make, you and your wack mans fold like bad hands
Roll like Monopoly, advance
You're coppin' me like white crystal
I gross the most at the end of the fiscal year than these niggas can wish to
The dead presidential candidate
With the sprinkles and the Presidential ice that'll offend you
In due time when crime flees my mind
All sneak thieves and player haters can shine
But until then, I keep the trilliant cut diamonds shinin' brilliant (Uh)
I'll tell you half the story, the rest, you fill it in
Long as the villain win
I spend Japan yen, attend major events
Catch me in the joints, convinced my iguanas is bitin'
J-A-Y hyphen, controllin', manipulatin'
I got a good life, man, pounds and pence
'Nough dollars make sense, while you ride the bench
Catch me swingin' for the fence
Dead presidents, ya know? Uh-huh
Dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose-)
Dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose-)

I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose-)

Haha, yeah (Haha) yeah, so be it
The Soviet, the Unified steady flow
You already know, you light, I'm heavy, roll heavy dough
Mic-macheted your flow
Your paper falls slow like confetti, mine's a steady grow, perico
Pay 580 for blow, better believe I have 1160 to show
My dough flip like Tae-Kwon
Jay-Z the icon, baby, you like Dom?
Maybe this Cristals'll change your life, huh? Roll with the winners
Heavy spinners like hit records, Roc-A-Fella
Don't get it corrected, this shit is perfected
From chips to chicks to strippin' in Lexus
Naked without your gun, we takin' everything you brung
We cakin', you niggas is fakin', we gettin' it done
Crime family, well-connected, Jay-Z
And you fake thugs is unplugged like MTV
I empty three, take your treasure, my pleasure
Dead presidentials, politics as usual—Blaow!
Dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose-)
Dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose-)
Dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose-)
Dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose-)

I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for presidents to represent me (Get money!)
I'm out for dead fuckin' presidents to represent me (Whose-)46Embed
Uh huh, ge-ge ge-ge-geah
Ye-ye-yeah, ye-ye-yeah, (Brooklyn)
How real is, this?
How real is, this? (Brooklyn)
Uh-huh huh  (Brooklyn)
Respect this here, check!

I'm from where the hammers rung, news cameras never come
You and your mans hung in every verse in your rhyme
Where the grams was slung, niggas vanish every summer
When the blue vans would come, we throw the work in the can and run
Where the plans was to get funds and skate off the set
To achieve this goal quicker, sold all my weight wet
Faced with immeasurable odds, still I gave straight bets
So I felt I'm owed something and you nothing, check
I'm from the other side where the other guys don't walk too much
And girls from the projects wouldn't fuck us, said we talked too much
So they ran up to Tompkins and sought them dudes to trust
I don't know what the fuck they thought, those niggas is foul just like us
I'm from where the beef is inevitable, summertime's unforgettable
Boosters in abundance, buy a half-price sweater new
Your word was everything, so everything you said you'd do
You did it, couldn't talk about it if you ain't live it
I'm from where niggas pull your card, and argue all day about
Who's the best MCs, Biggie, Jay-Z or Nas?
Where the drugs czars evolve, and thugs are at odds
At each other's throats for the love of foreign cars
Where cats catch cases, hoping the judge R-and-R's
But most times find themselves locked up behind bars, is that all?
I'm from where they ball and breed rhyme stars
I'm from Marcy, son, just thought I'd remind y'all
You might also like
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own)
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own)
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own)
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own)
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Brooklyn... so where you from?)

I'm from the place where the church is the flakiest
And niggas been praying to God so long that they atheist
Where you can't put your vest away
And say you'll wear it tomorrow
'Cause the day after we'll be saying
"Damn, I was just with him yesterday"
I'm a block away from hell
Not enough shots away from stray shells
An ounce away from a triple beam
Still using a hand-held weight scale
You're laughing, you know the place well
Where the liquor stores and the base dwell
And government? Fuck government! Niggas politick theyselves
Where we call the cops the A-Team
'Cause they hop out of vans and spray things
And life expectancy so low we making out wills at eighteens
Where how you get rid of guys who step out of line, your rep solidifies
So tell me when I rap, you think I give a fuck who criticize?
If the shit is lies, God strike me
And I got a question:
Are you forgiving guys who live just like me? We'll never know
One day I prayed to you and said if I ever blow, I'd let 'em know
The stakes, and exactly what takes place in the ghetto
Promise fulfilled, still I feel my job ain't done
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own)
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own)
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own)
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own)
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Brooklyn... so where you from?)

Check, I'm from where they cross-over and clap boards
Lost Jehovah in place of rap lords, listen
I'm up the block, around the corner and down the street
From where the pimps, prostitutes and the drug lords meet
We make a million off of beats, 'cause our stories is deep
And fuck tomorrow, as long as the night before was sweet
Niggas get lost for weeks in the street, twisted off leek
And no matter the weather, niggas know how to draw heat
Whether you're four-feet or Manute size
It always starts out with three dice and "shoot the five"
Niggas thought they deuce was live, then I hit 'em with trips
And I reached down for their money, pa, forget about this
This time around it's platinum, like the shit on my wrist
And this Glock on my waist, y'all can't do shit about this
Niggas'll show you love, that's how they fool thugs
Before you know it, you're lying in a pool of blood
Where I'm from
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own)
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own)
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Mentally been many places but I'm Brooklyn's own)
Cough up a lung, where I'm from, Marcy son, ain't nothing nice
(Brooklyn...)15Embed
"Are you not entertained? Are you not entertained?"
"Is this not why you are here?"

Turn the music up, turn me down
Guru, let's go get 'em again
This time it's for the money, my nigga
Brooklyn, stand up

There's never been a nigga this good for this long
This hood or this pop, this hot or this strong
With so many different flows, this one's for this song
The next one I switch up, this one will get bit up
These fucks, too lazy to make up shit, they crazy
They don't, paint pictures, they just, trace me
You know what? Soon they forget where they plucked
Their whole style from then try to reverse the outcome
I'm like, "TAA!"
I'm not a biter, I'm a writer for myself and others
I say a B.I.G. verse, I'm only biggin' up my brother
Biggin' up my borough, I'm big enough to do it
I'm that thorough, plus I know my own flow is foolish
So them rings and things you sing about, bring 'em out
It's hard to yell when the barrel's in your mouth
I'm in, new sneakers, dual-seaters, few divas
What more can I tell you? Let me spell it for you:
W-I, double-L, I-E
Nobody truer than H-O-V
And I'm back for more, New York's ambassador
Prime Minister, back to finish my business up
You might also like
What more can I say?
What more can I do?
I gave this up to you
I know this much is true, true, true
My love

What more can I say to you? You heard it all

You already know what I'm about: flyin' birds down south
Movin' wet off the step, purple rain in a drought
Stuntin' on hoes, brushin' off my shirt
But ain't nothin' on my clothes 'cept my chain, my name
Young H-O, pitch the yay faithful
Even if they patrol, I make payroll
Benz paid for, friends they roll
Private jets down to Turks and Caicos
Cris' caseloads, I don't give a shit
Nigga, one life to live, I can't let a day go
By without me bein' fly, fresh to death
Head to toe 'til the day I rest
And I don't wear jerseys, I'm 30-plus
Give me a crisp pair of jeans, nigga, button-ups
S. Dots on my feet make my cipher complete
What more can I say? Guru, play the beat
My nigga, hahahaha, woo!
We gon' let this ride into the hook
- I'ma snap my fingers on this one
What more can I say to you?
- Get my grown man on
Let's go!
(What more can I say?)

Now you know your ass is Willie when they got you in the mag
For like half a billy and your ass ain't lily-White
That mean that shit you write must be illy
Either that or your flow is silly, it's both
I don't mean to boast, but damn, if I don't brag
Them crackers gon' act like I ain't on they ass
The Martha Stewart that's far from Jewish
Far from a Harvard student, just had the balls to do it
And no I'm not through with it
In fact, I'm just previewin' it
This ain't the show, I'm just EQin' it
One-two and I won't stop abusin' it
To groupie girls: stop false accusin' it
Back to the music, the Maybach roof is translucent
Niggas got a problem, Houston!
What up B, they can't shut up me
Shut down I, not even P.E., I'ma ride
God forgive me for my brash delivery
But I remember vividly what these streets did to me
So picture me lettin' these clowns nitpick at me
Paint me like a pickany
I will literally kiss TT in the forehead
Tell her, "Please forgive me," then squeeze into your forehead
I'm not the one to score points off, in fact
I got a joint that'll knock your points off
Young Hova the God, nigga, blast for me
I'm at the Trump International, ask for me
I ain't never scared, I'm everywhere, you ain't never there
And nigga, why would I ever care?
Pound for pound, I'm the best to ever come around here
Excludin' nobody, look what I embody:
The soul of a hustler, I really ran the street
A CEO's mind, that marketin' plan was me
And no, I ain't get shot up a whole bunch of times
Or make up shit in a whole bunch of lines
And I ain't animated like, say, a Busta Rhymes
But the real shit you get when you bust down my lines
Add that to the fact I went plat' a bunch of times
Times that by my influence on pop culture
I'm supposed to be number one on everybody list
We'll see what happens when I no longer exist
Fuck this man
What more can I say?19Embed
And you say New York City
Uh-huh
Put your hands together
Young!
Uh-huh
Yeah, uh-huh
Yes! (Yes!)

I'm from the '80s
Home of the her-on
Era of the hustlers, uh
The world is my custies
New Rich Porter
The way I flip quarters
Front on all these other rap artists, but me
Momma was a mink wearer, papa ran numbers
So it's plain to see where my whole plan come from
American dream, I'm living the life still
Way I shine is like a zillion dollar light bill
Still I'm grinding, army jacket lining
40 below Timbs on, getting my M's on
My best friend's gone
I seen bad days, still find songs that I hear him on
Getting my Mary J. Blige Reminisce on
I hear his voice in my mind like, nigga live on
So I get on that fly shit I been on
Spin on corners in Enzo with rims on
But for info, puffing on Endo-Nesia
Give me amnesia
I ease up, that right, I'm high nigga
I want the sky
The world when I'm done
I'm give it to my sons
Let 'em live it up, split it up, switch it up, uh
Sixes kit it up, man I did it up, done
The rest of my belongings belong in the hall of fame
A list of hits next to all my names
I came
You might also like
(Woo!) uh-huh (geah)
I want the sky baby
I want the sky baby

If the sky should fall
And it all goes tomorrow and they foreclose on the house
And auction off all my cars
Don't cry for me Argentina, I mobbed the Beamer
Took trips abroad, got mobbed in Sardinia
In Ibiza, I had pizza in the club
Ladies know I'm that guy, they wanna piece of my love
Now they wanna do your boy like Mike in his prime
Billie Jean, the goddamn boy ain't mine
And the Roc break up, had the people losing hope
Can't lie, they had Muhammad Hovi on the ropes
Now I'm back in the go mode, back in the go-go's
Throwing the diamond up, repping the logo
Rose gold, Rosé flow, I'm okay though
What don't kill me makes stronger than before so
Here we go and I'm not Domino
When it all falls down, I'm like Kanye's jaw
I might break but I don't fold, 'til I hold the sky in my hand
Yeah, that's my goal
And then I bid you Freddy Adu
Prodigal Child, y'all not ready for the fu-ture, ture
Then I disappear in the Bermuda Triangle
My name will be viewed as such
Here's to the man who refused to give up
I want the sky nigga, chuuurch
I want the sky baby
I want the sky baby4Embed

Uh-huh uh, the saga continues...
Motion picture shit

I'm done talking
Ran up in the spot gun smoking
Shot it in the air, one woke him
Son soaking, sweating in his bed like dun' loc'in!
Thinking to himself what done provoked him
His thoughts is racing like a Vulcan
I swear I saw a light bulb when
He finally realized who was the culprit
I said yeah, remember me from Friend or Foe when
I told you don't ever ever come around here no more
Time to pay now, you try to rise, I wave the gun - lay down
This time you're really going to listen to Jay now
I try to talk sensibly, hoping that eventually you realize
I had this locked and it just wasn't meant to be
Plus I had sympathy when we all bought rims with your keys
And it was an afterthought that maybe you'll try to avenge me
But I was like "Nah", Homes had to know he was wrong
And if you caught me on the foul now you sing me the same song
Plus you promised
And that's really no fun
And here I find you in this Motel 6 with all these guns
And all your goons, lined up in adjoining rooms
Like some wild cowboys coming to get me at high noon
But my mind's like a flower in bloom
Peep how my eyes just scour the room
I'm alert, plus I paid the clerk I got it laid out
You think you the first nigga I played out, in a two-hotel town?
Come on now, I peeped your Lexus as you
Left the exit got some niggas on that side of the town
Money well invested, rudely interrupted
Jamaican accent (Boy you know who you dun fucked with?)
A gun in your face and that's all you can come up with?
I'm done talking, back up and clap him, one in the abdomen
Do me a favor duke, get two ice cubes I pass them
Take that ice up, for the nicest MC
And please yo, tell BIG, he's unbelievable
Friend or foe BIATCH!You might also like8Embed
Bad Boys
(Puff, what up nigga?)
(Let's go half on a boat!)
Come out and play
You know we had to do a remix, right?
(Me too, uh, Young!)

You niggas is ass, I put your ass in a bad play
This ain't no fair one, get rid of you the fast way
Ski mask way, pull hammers from the coat
This ain't no handgun, this shit'll sink a boat
(What boat?)
Any one in the Atlantic, the S.S. Minnow, the Titanic
Send a distress signal like poof
Red flares in the air don't matter to me
Send the army, coast guard, the whole faculty
I see and I raise you one, I raise guns like Bebe's kids
The Bad Boy but no I'm not Janice's, I'm Gloria's warrior
When I flash the tool, leave you stiff like photographers
Y'all don't got heart for this art of war
My arsenal is more awesome than yours
When Hov' in the building, niggas lost from the door
From the front porch 'cause I have no flaws
You might also like
Y'all keep acting like y'all don't hear
I put this little red laser in your ear

No rap, you rat, you wack, you bore me
I wanna end your career but you gon' do it for me
I'm, one of the greats
You know Young demand 'bout a hundred out the gate
For a flyer with my face (woo!)
I'm like Mariah with the cake
Lord knows 'bout to retire with Mase
All my broads look like Mya in the waist
All over the country like Shania in the face
I brought the pliers to the place
To apply pressure, I don't know how you gon' take
Niggas acting like they flying with a cape
'Til I bring 'em to Earth then they hiring the Jake
Monkeys can't look the lion in the face
The king of the jungle, nigga, did I mumble?

Y'all keep acting like y'all don't hear
I put this little red laser in your ear
I'm saying this slow so you clear
I put this little red laser in your ear
(Is he?) Uh, I'm dead serious
Save them games you play for Lil' Vicious
I bust a deuce-deuce in your bubble goose
God damn, Brooklyn to Hollywood, I'm so good
The Roc denim jeans, uh!
S Dots in green, the red Roc chain
You gotta love it how he does it (how he do it?)
How I hustle a dollar then I double it
Y'all ain't fucking with my déjà vu
Y'all can't double down the way I do
Nigga, The Blueprint 2, I move three
Y'all can't move me from the number one spot
Run the numbers on S Dot

Y'all keep acting like y'all don't hear
I put this little red laser in your ear
I'm saying this slow so you clear
I put this little red laser in your ear, geah3Embed
Real niggas do real things
Hanging with the honeys is the song I sing
Real niggas do real things
On the road to riches and diamond rings
Real niggas do real things
Bustin' my toast off the roof, drinkin' 90 proof 'til spring
Real niggas do real things, check

We started out makin', small time bacon
Two little niggas bakin', talkin' 'bout whippin' cakes
Get clothin' and big cheddar, hopin it gets better
We had no knowledge of this shit we just was with whatever
In front of your building clockin', thought I was makin' a killin'
Right in front of your children, eight-ball in my side pocket
They was corrupt too, disrespectin' the fiends I used to
Look up to, take it or leave it, fuck you
In different parts of the planet, Oakland to New York
I'm hollerin' Lifetimes, he hollerin' Life's Too $hort
Parallel lives and jew-els held high
The Range or the rove, get exchanged, for your soul
You know how the game goes, slang to get cheese
And speak in Chinese, everybody gains the same dough
Get your shit scarred fuckin' with my sick squad
From Marcy, to the Bay y'all, we get large, bee-eeyee-otch
You might also like
On the road to riches and diamond rings
Real niggas do real things
Hangin' with the honies is the song I sing
Real niggas do real things
On the road to riches and diamond rings
Real niggas do real things
Bustin' my toast off the roof, drinkin' 90 proof 'til spring
Real niggas do real things

So now you own a record label, I got one too
We on a roll now, can't nobody stop our crew
You can treat us like convicts, you know we got records
On the shelf and on the charts the double decker
The fat donkey house down the block, belongs to me
You criticize the way I walk, you wanna see my bankbook?
I'm not a crook, I flipped the script and changed my ways
So I can get paid, everyday
I see the same old shit, I see in the streets
I know you think I'm sellin' keys but I only sell beats
Dopefiend music, it's drug related
You can buy it on the corner, get a radio and play it
It always sounds better when you turn it up loud
Rap music let these motherfuckers know what we about
I know these gay ass record labels keep fuckin' niggas
It's just like in the streets mane, how much you get?
On the road to riches and diamond rings
Real niggas do real things
Hangin' with the honies is the song I sing
Real niggas do real things
On the road to riches and diamond rings
Real niggas do real things
Bustin' my toast off the roof, drinkin' 90 proof 'til spring
Real niggas do real things

That's right, I been a hustler for a long time
Always got the right beats, never sayin' wrong rhymes
I started off with nothin' ended up with everything
Now we sip Hennessy in first class on every plane
Ask Jay-Z, he know what I'm sayin'
Always see me at the bank and yes I'm goin' again
There ain't no dollar amount, that can make me happy
Fine women, a big house, a truck and a Caddy (that's right)

Now peep, how sweet, niggas lives can get
Put beef aside, the East and Westside connect
$hort Dawg, and Jigga with the, fo'-fo' flow
I got love for y'all motherfuckers y'all just don't know
I know y'all got a thing for them rag six-fo's
I like the five speed drops pop the clutch then go
If you're ballin', keep ballin', if you jealous, stop
I want Biggie to rest in peace, as well as 'Pac
How real is that?
On the road to riches and diamond rings
Real niggas do real things
Hangin' with the honies is the song I sing
Real niggas do real things
On the road to riches and diamond rings
Real niggas do real things
Bustin' my toast off the roof, drinkin' 90 proof 'til spring
Real niggas do real things, check

Beyotch! $hort Dawg's in the house
Jigga
Much love
$hort Dawg, get your money mane
All the way from the West coast
Uhh, how real is that4Embed
Uh huh, uh huh
Roc-a-fella y'all
Turn my headphones up
Hip-hop y'all
Turn my headphones up
Be high y'all
Turn the headphones up

Jigga man huh
Big freak y'all
Jigga man huh
You know what I do
I remove your roof homie let the sun shine in
Thirty eight waist enough to keep one nine in
Really a thirty six without the gun I'm thin
But when the gat is tucked I'm fat as fuck
Ignorant bats I'm taking y'all back to day one
No kids but trust me I know how to raise a gun
Niggas that think I spend my days in the sun
Well here's the shock of your life the Glock not the mic
How you gonna talk about MCs on my heel
I just copped that thing homie, the chrome wheels
Both arms is chunky, the sleeves on chill
Any given time's a hundred g's in your grill
Don't talk to me about MC's got skills
He's alright, but he's not real
Jay Z's that deal, I be's in the field
Love affair for war, hug, squeeze that steel
You gotta flow that's cool with me
You gotta little dough that's cool with me
You gotta little car little jewelry
But none of y'all rappers can fool with me
You know the wrist's frostbit minus two degrees
About as blue as the sea the way I maneuver the beat
Can't see his eyes who could it be?
With that new blue Yankee on, who but me?
Yeah I blew, few million than I blew to three
Then I skated to four, 'fore I went on tour
Came back and it's plain
Rappers ain't rapping the same
Their flow they jacking my slang
I seen the same shit happen to Kane
Three cuts in your eyebrows trying to wild out
The game is mine I'll never foul out
Y'all just better hope I gracefully bow out
You might also like

You know I'm heavy on your mind
You know it's annoying the fact
This wristband over my forearm, the Jordan of rap
Twenty three of MCs, what y'all recording is crap
And I would name names but they ain't as important to that
Yeah, yeah, Jigga man huh
Yeah yeah, I come through getting money, sitting on twenties
Homies throwing me shade ain't shit sunny
Hot shell all that them niggas can get from me
Cocktails thrown in your living room, boom
I'm so confrontational
They should have never let me out on probation yo
I'm a hustler, accept that
No correctional facilities can correct that
I took a step back I viewed myself
See where my head was at
It's where that dough is homie I gotta get that
Gotta get away some tried to head back
Three smart niggas got left back
Some died but left stacks
Me I balled right, and on top of that I'm dog nice
Jigga been cold as fuck before ice
Not before Christ, but a long time homie

You know me, you know me
Yeah, poppin' Chrissy
Buck sixty through the gothic city
I'm in the back, got my partners with me
Who do you trust (sirens) got to get him
Of my CDs, 'Pac, and Biggie
'Face and Juvie, looking at her face, she cutie
Perfectly, this perfect booty
She wanna hear Ma$e
I pull up to the store in front of Sam Goody
I hop out, I throw on my hoodie
I don't hate, chick carried work for me from state to state
It's the least I could do
Order LL too

Haha, keep that

I put the car in drive baby let's go
Through the traffic lights, fuck traffic at night
We here having the time of the life
Little party bullshit me off guard? not hardly full clip
This chicks the black barbie, my car be
In the robbery, p-o-r-t
I'm a heartbeat away from deep thinking
It's just the clarise
Close my eyes can you see me thinking?
Can you see the chick panicking when she see how we drinking
Mind full of intoxicants my thoughts shadow boxing
Demons struggling, tryna figure life's meaning
Have I truly arrived or am I somewhere in between?
I mean I got my niggas, got my chick that pull triggers with me
I got my (shh) outside of the city
I'm just coming to terms with the night they killed Biggie
And I sold 5 million records damn I'm pretty
Now one has to wonder has he lost his hunger
But niggas rest assured I'm even rawer than beforeEmbed
Hello!
Brooklyn!

Hello, Brooklyn (Uh-huh), how you doing? (Yeah)
Where you going? Can I come too? (Uh-huh)
And If I can (Woo!), I'ma be your man
You could be my lady, and have my baby
And drive my cars (Cars), and drive me crazy (So crazy)
Wherever you going (Where you going?), baby girl, just take me (Uh-huh)
'Cause I'm so taken, if you taken (I'm so taken)
I'm just saying (Woo!), baby, I'm just saying

Like a mama, you birth me; Brooklyn, you nursed me
Schooled me with hard knocks, better than Berkeley
They said you'd murk me by the time I was 21
That shit disturbed me, but you never hurt me
Hello, Brooklyn, if we had a daughter
Guess what I'ma call her? Brooklyn Carter
When I left you for Virginia, it didn't offend you
'Cause you know I only stepped out to get dinner
And I'm eating, so much, I bought extra
So much so that dinner's now turned into breakfast
I only roll Lexus to hug your road
I love your corners, I'm half your soul
You might also like
Hello, Brooklyn, how you doing?
Where you going? Can I come too?
And If I can, I'ma be your man
You could be my lady and have my baby
And drive my cars, and drive me crazy
Wherever you going, baby girl, just take me
'Cause I'm so taken if you taken
I'm just saying, baby, I'm just saying

Hello, Brooklyn, what's your story?
She said she eating on the run, but she ain't Nore'
She said she got a man but he ain't worried
But baby, I'ma have to rob him like Horry
She said she love B.I.G., and she like 2Pac
And when I said Jay-Z, she say, "It's the Roc!"
And I'ma leave it like this—like this, like that
Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?
Have you seen her?
And when she tell you something, you better believe her
She told me she like my New Orleans demeanor
And so, I said, "Goodbye, Katrina"

And "Hello, Brooklyn!" Buh-baby, you are
The sweetest sight eyes could see
I said, "Hello, Brooklyn!" Buh-baby
I hope you never say goodbye to me
I said, "Hello, Brooklyn!" Buh-buh-baby, you are (Woo!)
So damn fine to me
And I remember the time (Time), place (Place)
And the weather (And, woo!)
On the day you said, "Hi," to me
And I say, "Hello, Brooklyn!"
Brooklyn, you crazy; look how you made me
Razor blades in my mouth, walking 'round, behaving—
All demented; black hoodies and Timberland-ed
Always scheming—"You see the gleam on that nigga's pendant?"
(Hello, Brooklyn) You bad influence, look what you had me doing
But I ain't mad at you (Haha), look at my attitude
It says my life's too real, check out my ice grill
Baby, I'm cold as ice, like I'm from Brownsville
But my Bed's in the Stuy, though I'll lie flat in your bush
'Til we smoke a C.I., "What up" to the boy, B.I.?
You know I handle B-I, I don't half-step on the 'caine
Ask the dreads 'bout I, how you gwaan 'so?
She like it hardcore, so I grind slow
Iller than Albee Square Mall back in the 9-0
My fine ho, we got some victims to catch
So in a couple years, baby, I'ma bring you some Nets (Woo!)

Hello, Brooklyn, how you doing? (Yeah)
Where you going? Can I come too?
And If I can, I'ma be your man
You could be my lady, and have my baby
And drive my cars (Errr!), and drive me crazy (Errr!)
Wherever you goin' baby girl, just take me
'Cause I'm so taken if you taken
I'm just saying, baby, I'm just saying (Yeah)
And hello, Brooklyn, buh-buh-baby, you are
The sweetest thing eyes could see
Hello, Brooklyn
Baby, I hope you never say goodbye to me
I said, "Hello, Brooklyn," buh-baby you are
So damn fine to me
But I remember the time, place, and the weather
On the day she said hi to me
And I said, "Hello, Brooklyn"8Embed
Back at'cha
How we do
Preemo, Jiggaman
History in the making
Let's go
Ugh, uh-huh-uh-ugh
Uh-huh-uh-ugh, ugh
I spit the murder-murder-murderous
Muh-muh-muh-murderous shit
Uh-huh-uh-huh-uh-huh-uh-ugh
I keep it gangsta-gangsta-gangsta
Gah-gah-ga-gangsta, bitch! Feel me? Ugh
I spit that Brooklyn-Brooklyn-Brook
Uh-ugh, uh-huh-uh-ugh, uh-ugh, uh-huh-ugh
Yo

Career crook; nobody rep Brooklyn like me
Jiggaman, Volume 3: I'm back lookin' like me
Stop the presses; baby girls, drop your dresses
B-K, lick a shot for Big Pop' in Heaven
Ever since I came through, niggas got the impression
Everything I drop, out of the question
Stop the guessing—it's hot
Flows proving; I pack 'cause my dough's moving
My whole crew up in this muh'fucker
We spray corners; stand there like you got a cape on you
Fine—you'll be wearing a black suit a long time
I put your crew in hard-bottom
The priest is like, "God's got him
He never did nothing to nobody, but them boys shot him"
Brandish iron, outlandish buying
Bentley Coupes—not bragging, just simply the truth
We all from the ghetto; only difference, we go back
Back up in D&D on this Primo track—listen
You might also like
I'm so gangsta, prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me
"Iceberg Slim, baby, ride rims"
I'm so gutter, ghetto girls fall in love with me
"You know him well"
"By the name of Jigga"
I'm so gangsta, prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me
"You can love me or hate me"
"Jay-Z"
I'm so gutter, ghetto girls fall in love with me
"Roc-A-Fella"
"Lock the whole block down" (Ugh)

Wednesdays, I'm up in Shine; Cheetah's, Monday night
I'm fucking with the model chicks Friday night at Life
So I'm cruisin' in the car with this bougie broad
She said, "Jiggaman, you rich, take the do-rag off"
Hit a U-turn: "Ma, I'm dropping you back off"
Front of the club: "Jigga, why you do that for?"
Thug nigga 'til the end—tell a friend, bitch
Won't change for no paper, plus I been rich
Eighty-eight, been hustling; linen, been crushing 'em
Women, been fucking 'em—huh?
You see, I live for the love of the street
Rap to the ruggedest beats, hall closet cluttered with heat
I spit that murder-murder-murder, that Brook-Brook-a-Brooklyn shit
Furthermore, ma—
We tote guns to the Grammys, pop bottles on the White House lawn
Guess I'm just the same old Shawn
I'm so gangsta, prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me
"Iceberg Slim, baby, ride rims"
I'm so gutter, ghetto girls fall in love with me
"You know him well"
"By the name of Jigga"
I'm so gangsta, prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me
"You can love me or hate me"
"Jay-Z"
I'm so gutter, ghetto girls fall in love with me
"Roc-A-Fella"
"Lock the whole block down" (Check it out now)

I'm from the M-to-the-A-, baby, -R-C-Y
So it's hard for me to let the larceny die
Niggas see me in the streets with no bodyguards
Just two big guns that'll body your squad
'Cause niggas be schemin' on me—probably y'all
Think Jigga's a joke, nigga? Hardy-har
I spit Brook-Brook-Brooklyn every time I bust
Radio's gotta play me, though I cuss too much
Magazines said I'm shallow—I never learned to swim
Still, they put me on they cover 'cause I earn for them
Soon as I sell too much, watch them turn on him
'Cause that seem to be the shit that'll earn for them
I spit that murder-murder-murderous every time
A verbalist iller than Verbal Kint is, or O-Dog in Menace
I'm ill, start-to-finish, I rip apart contenders—I'm hot!
Hahahaha
I'm so gangsta, prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me
"Iceberg Slim, baby, ride rims"
I'm so gutter, ghetto girls fall in love with me
"You know him well"
"By the name of Jigga"
I'm so gangsta, prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me
"You can love me or hate me"
"Jay-Z"
I'm so gutter, ghetto girls fall in love with me
"Roc-A-Fella"
"Lock the whole block down" (Ugh, ugh)

I'm so gangsta, prissy chicks don't wanna fuck with me
Ugh
I'm so gutter, ghetto girls... Hahaha
(Ugh, ugh, uh-huh-uh-ugh) Yeah
Ugh, yeah, bump, yeah
With me, yeah, biatch, yeah
Jigga, yeah, Primo, yeah
Gangsta, yeah, niggas, yeah
Brooklyn, yeah18Embed
Uhh, uhh, uhh
Uhh...
It's that Roc-A-Fella music, soulful

Say hello, to the bad guy (hello) they say I'm a bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (say hello)
They say I'm a menace (hello) that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (say hello)
They say I'm a bad guy (hello) say hi to the bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (say hello)
They say I'm a menace (hello) that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (say hello)
Ay (say hello) ay, ay, ay
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't

I ain't playing, life's short so I aim
I ain't waiting for life start betraying 'em
It's twice as hard to get a job that's paying 'em
So I ain't paying attention to what you're saying
Raindrops keep falling on my brain
'Cause I'm in the drop on flames
I'm so hot even if the weather change
I don't have no top, I'm insane
'Member dark-skinned Jermaine
Suede in the rain, I'm sorta kinda the same
'Cept I'm no lame and you gonna know my name
Before I go the world gon' feel my pain
They saying I'm a bad guy, why's that?
'Cause when my back's against the wall, nigga I react
Secretly though, I know you admire that
You wish you had the balls to fire back, brrrap!
Say hello, uhh uh, hello, uhh uh
You wish you had the balls to fire back, brrap!
You might also like
Say hello, to the bad guy (hello) they say I'm a bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (say hello)
They say I'm a menace (hello) that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (say hello)
They say I'm a bad guy (hello) say hi to the bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (say hello)
They say I'm a menace (hello) that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (say hello)
Ay (say hello) ay, ay, ay
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't

I ain't no ordinary nigga
Look around, this ain't what ordinary gets ya (IT AIN'T!)
Extraordinary figures (damn)
I'm an extraordinary nigga
Before my name became Jigga
Before I sang I had that thang on slippers
Can't complain 'bout what they ain't gon' give ya
That ain't gon' get ya shit, might as well give up
Or get up, get out and get something nigga
Get a job my nigga, or get to dumping
Only God can judge him, only he without sin
Tell me if my means, justify my ends
'Til then, I'm just gon' fly in the Benz
Wire my friends through Western Union
Shhhhh, supplies in
My system knocking, here comes the bad guy again
Say hello, uhh uh, hello, uhh uh
Hello, uhh here comes the bad guy again
Say hello, to the bad guy (hello) they say I'm a bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (say hello)
They say I'm a menace (hello) that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (say hello)
They say I'm a bad guy (hello) say hi to the bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (say hello)
They say I'm a menace (hello) that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (say hello)
Ay (say hello) ay, ay, ay

... let me tell you what I ain't
We ain't thugs for the sake of just being thugs
Nobody do that where we grew at, nigga duh
The poverty line we not above
So out comes the mask and gloves 'cause we ain't feeling the love
We ain't doin crime for the sake of doing crimes
We movin dimes 'cause we ain't doing fine
One out of three of us is locked up doing time
You know what this type of shit can do to a nigga mind
My mind on my money, money on my mind
If you owe me ten dollars you ain't giving me nine
Y'all ain't give me forty acres and a mule
So I got my Glock 40 now I'm cool
And if Al Sharpton is speaking for me
Somebody give him the word and tell him I don't approve
Tell him I remove the curses
If you tell me our schools gon' be perfect
When Jena Six don't exist
Tell him that's when I'll stop saying bitch, BEEEITCH!
Say hello, to the bad guy (hello) they say I'm a bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (say hello)
They say I'm a menace (hello) that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (say hello)
They say I'm a bad guy (hello) say hi to the bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (say hello)
They say I'm a menace (hello) that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (say hello)
Ay (say hello) ay, ay, ay8Embed

Sweeeet... and still there's pain (pain, pain, pain...)
If I would have grew up to be a doctor
My nephews would have grew up to do the same (same, same...)
But since I grew up through the game
And my influence is the same
And my therapy is music
They ask if you ashamed (ashamed...)
And though I wish I could separate the two things
I cannot so my answer to you remains
I can walk down the Hall of Mirrors in Versailles
And be so satisfied when I look myself in the eyes
No shame, no sir
Just big boats and tearing the coast up
Tight coupes like I'm wearing the roadster
For any coupe, bear-hugging the holster

Hov', alright al-right
And it may not be what you call perfect, but
But it's my life (uh)
The life (uh-uh), the life (uh-uh), the life
Once again it's the life
You might also like
So I make no apologies, crooked policies
So a G a nigga gotta be
We playing for property, no Monopoly
So I'll pass go and let my nephew follow me
They say the child shall lead
So I take it far as I can and then we shall see
Shall we dance with the devil for a beat
I pray to God I ain't got two left feet
Do the hustle put keys in the street
Then I'm ballroom dancing
Ke-ke'in in the suite
Sweet, BB's on the feet
TV's in the seat, ene-mies on the creep
It's so corrupt
Soak it up, it's a lesson, every fuck up
One day you're up
Next day you're down
Long as you stay the same it'll come back around

Hov', alright al-right
And it may not be what you call perfect, but
But it's my life (uh)
The life (uh-uh), the life (uh-uh), the life
Once again it's the life
I'm even better
I'm eating better
Best thing about it is
My niggas eating together
With each endeavor, we reaching levels
Niggas ain't seen in like forever
I'm Hyman Roth, so made all my partners rich
I can't vouch for you
If you ain't a part of this
So pardon me as I pave my wrist, uh
As I parlay my chips
Hov', alright al-right
American gangster, gangster
Businesses like I'm white
But I'm not, I'm just bright
So fly with no fear of the flight, uhh
So if y'all hear my plight
And if you think you can make it this far without a fight
Couple mistakes here and there
Not always right, but I'm always real
That's how I sleep at night

Hov', alright al-right
And it may not be what you call perfect, but
But it's my life (uh)
The life (uh-uh), the life (uh-uh), the life
Once again it's the life
Sweeeet...3Embed
Welcome to Jay Z's poetry reading
Halt, who goes there?
Do this, do this {*does poetry snaps, audience follows*}
It was the winter
It was cold
It was the cold winter
Welcome ladies and gentleman once again
As if we never left
It's MTV Unplugged
I'll be your host this evening
I go by a couple of names
People call me a lot of names, couple to my face you know
Sometimes they call me Jay Z
Sometimes they call me Jigga
Sometimes they call me Young Hov
Iceberg, tonight I'm
(H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A)
You gotta love that
(H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A)
I got the most incredible Roots band with me tonight y'all
(H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A)
It's a beautiful thing
Welcome everybody to the 8th Wonder of the world
(H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A)
The flow of the century
Always timeless
(H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A)
Hov
We gonna thank everybody for coming out
(H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A)
You could've been anywhere in the world, you're here with me
I appreciate that
Let's rock
You might also like
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA
Was herbin' em in the home of the Terrapins, got it dirt cheap for them
Plus if they was short with cheese I would work with them
I Brought in weed, got rid of that dirt for them
Wasn't born hustlers, I was birthing 'em
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For sheezy my neezy keep my arms so breezy
Can't leave rap alone, the game needs me
Haters want me clap that chrome, it ain't easy
Cops want to knock me, D.A. wants to box me in
But somehow I beat them charges like Rocky
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Still not guilty, he who does not feel me
Is not real to me, therefore he doesn't exist
So poof! (Vamoose, son of a bitch!)

H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up!
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Still not guilty y'all got to feel me
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up!
I do this for my culture
To let them know what ya boy look like when ya boy in that Roadster
Show them how to move in a room full of vultures
Industry is shady, it needs to be taken over
Label owners hate me, I'm raising the status quo up
I'm overcharging labels for what they did to the Cold Crush
Pay us like you owe us for all the years that you hoed us
We can talk, but money talks, so talk more bucks

H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up!
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up!

Hov is back, life stories told through rap
They acting like I sold you crack
Like I told you sell drugs; no, Hov did that
So hopefully you won't have to go through that
I was raised in the projects, roaches and rats
Smokers out back selling their mama's sofa
Lookouts on the corner focused on the ave
Ladies in the window, focused on the kinfolk
Me under a lamppost, why I got my hand closed?
That's in my palm, watching the long arm of the law
So you know I seen it all before
I've seen Hoop Dreams deflate like a true fiend's weight
To try and to fail: the two things I hate
Succeed in this rap game: the two things that's great
H O V A
(What else can I say about dude? I gets bu-sy)
Yeah!
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up!
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up!
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, get'cha damn hands up!
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle my nizzle used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Fo sheezy my neezy keep my arms so greasyEmbed
What's—
We gonna go through a couple of things tonight
We gon' go—We gon' party, of course
Gonna be some emotional songs
We're gon' take it all the way back for y'all
Then we gon' keep it in the truest essence of hip hop
The battle!
We gotta keep it in the battle, right, y'all?
Y'all ready for that?
Alright
Let's do it
Let me hear y'all

R-O-C, we running this rap sh—
Memphis Bleek, we running this rap sh—
B. Sigel, we running this rap sh—
Ugh, ugh, ugh, yeah!
Freeway, we running this rap sh—
O and Sparks, we running this rap sh—
Chris and Neef, we running this rap sh—
Watch out! We run New York

The takeover, the break's over, homie
God MC! Me! (Jay-Hova)
Hey, lil' soldier, you ain't ready for war
R-O-C too strong for y'all
It's like bringing a knife to a gunfight, pen to a test
Your chest in the line of fire with your thin-ass vest
You bringing them boys to men, how them boys gon' win?
This is grown man B-I-, get you rolled in the triage, bi-atch
Your reach ain't long enough, dunny
Your peeps ain't strong enough, uh-uh
Roc-A-Fella is the army, better yet the navy
Sure, we will kidnap your babies, spit at your lady
We bring knife to fistfight, kill the grammar
We kill you itty-bitty ants with a sledgehammer
Don't let me do it to em, dunny, 'cause I overdo it
So he won't confuse it with "just rap music"
You might also like
R-O-C, we running this rap sh—
B. Sigel, we running this rap shit
M-Easy, running this rap shit
Get zipped up in plastic; when it happens, that's it
Freeway, we running this rap sh—
O and Sparks, we running this rap sh—
Chris and Neef, we running this rap shit!
Watch out! We run New York!

I don't care if you Mobb Deep, I hold triggers to crews
You little *—*, I got money stacks bigger than you
When I was pushing weight, back in '88
You was a ballerina, I got the pictures, I seen ya
Then you dropped "Shook Ones," switched your demeanour
Well, we don't believe you, you need more people
Roc-A-Fella, students of the game, we passed the class
'Cause nobody can read you dudes like we do
Don't let em gas you, like, "Jigga is ass, and won't clap you"
Trust me on this one, I'll detach you
Mind from spirit, body from soul
They'll have to hold a mass, put your body in a hole
Oh no, you're not on my level; get your brakes tweaked
I sold what your whole album sold in my first week
You guys don't want it with Hov
Ask Nas—he don't want it with Hov, no!
R-O-C, we running this rap sh—
B. Sigel, running this rap shit
M-Easy, running this rap shit
Get zipped up in plastic; when it happens, that's it
Freeway, we running this rap sh—
O and Sparks, we running this rap sh—
Chris and Neef, we running this rap shit
Watch out! We run New York
I know you miss it, Nas—the (Faaaame!)
But along with celebrity
Comes 'bout 70 shots to your frame, homie
You's a (Laaaame!)
Naww, you's the fag model for Karl Kani, Esco ads
Went from Nasty Nas to "Esco's trash"
Had a spark when you started, but now, you're just garbage
Fell from "Top Ten" to "not mentioned at all"
To your bodyguard's "Oochie Wally"'s verse better than yours
Matter of fact, you had the worst flow on the whole entire song
But I know: the sun don't shine if son don't shine
That's why your (Laaaame!) career's come to an end
It's only so long fake thugs can pretend
Homie, you ain't live it; you witnessed it from your folks' pad
You scribbled it in your notepad, created your life
I showed you your first TEC, on tour with Large Professor
Then, I heard your album about your TEC on the dresser
So yeah, I sampled your voice; you was using it wrong
You made it a hot line; I made it a hot song
And you ain't get a coin, homie, you was getting plugged then
I know who I paid, God: Serchlite Publishing
Use your (Braaaain!)
You said you've been in this ten
I've been in it five—smarten up, Nas
Four albums in ten years, homie? I can divide
That's one every... hmm, two; two of them things was due
One was (Ehhhh), the other was Illmatic
That's a one-hot-album-every-ten-year average
And that's so (Laaaame!)
Homie, switch up your flow
Your shit is garbage—what, you tryna kick knowledge?
You cats gonna learn to respect the king
Don't be the next contestant on that Unplugged screen
Because you-know...
Did you-know-what with you-know-who
Let's just keep that between me and you, ma
R.O.C., we running this rap sh—
B. Sigel, running this rap sh—
M-Easy, running this rap sh—
Get zipped up in plastic; when it happens, that's it
Freeway, we running this rap sh—
O and Sparks, we running this rap sh—
Chris and Neef, we running this rap shit
Watch out!! We run New York!

R-O-C!1Embed
Where all my ladies at out there
Help me out on this one
Course I love you
I love all y'all
For real

I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, I do adore
Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya
Holla at you when I come off tour

I got this Spanish chica, she don't like me to roam
So she call me and maricon
Said she likes to cook rice so she likes me home
I'm like, "Un momento, mami, slow up your tempo"
I got this black chick, she don't know how to act
Always talking out her neck, making her fingers snap
She like: "Listen, Jigga Man, I don't care if you rap
You better R-E-S-P-E-C-T me"
I got this French chick that love to French kiss
She thinks she's Bo Derek, wear her hair in a twist
"Ma cherie amour, tu es belle"
Merci, you're fine as ooh but you giving me hell
I got this Indian squaw, the day that I met her
Asked her what tribe she with: red dot or feather
She said: "all you need to know is I'm not a ho
And to get with me you better be Chief Lots-a-Dough"
Now that's Spanish chick, French chick, Indian and black
That's fried chicken, curry chicken.. damn I'm getting fat
Arroz con pollo, French fries and crepe
An appetite for destruction but I scrape the plate
You might also like
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, I do adore
Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya
Holla at you when I come off tour
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, all over the globe
I come scoop you in that coupe, sitting on deuce zeros
Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll

I got this young chick, she so immature
She like, why you don't buy me Reeboks no more
Like to show out in public, throw tantrums on the floor
Got to toss a couple dollars just to shut up her holla
Got a project chick she plays her part
That's my heart
Baby girl so thorough she been with me from the start
Hid my from the, hid my by the
I got this model chick that don't cook or clean
But she dress her ass off and that walk is mean
Only thing wrong with ma she's always on the scene
Damn she's fine but she parties all the time!
I get frequent flier mileage from my stewardess chick
She look right in that tight blue dress, she's thick
She gives me extra pillows and seat back love
So I had to introduce her to the Mile High Club
Now that's young chick, stewardess, project and model
That means I fly rough early, plus I know Tae Bo
That means I'm new-school, pop pills and stay in beef
But I never have a problem with that first class seat
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, I do adore
Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya
Holla at you when I come off tour
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, all over the globe
I come scoop you in that coupe, sitting on deuce zeros
Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll

I got this paranoid chick, she's scared to come to the house
A hypochondriac who says ouch before I whip it out
Got a chick from Peru that sniff Peru
She got a cousin at customs that gets me through
Got this weed head chick, she always catch me doing shit
Crazy girl.. wanna leave me but she always forgets
Got this Chinese chick, had to leave her quick
Cause she kept bootlegging my hits
I got this African chick with Eddie Murphy on her skull
She like: "Jigga Man, why you treat me like animal?"
I'm like: "excuse me Ms. Fufu, but when I met your ass
You was dead broke and naked, and now you want half"
I got this ho that after 12 million sold
Mami's a narcoleptic, always sleeping on Hov
Got to tie the back of her head like Deuce Bigalow
I've got so many girls across the globe
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, I do adore
Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya
Holla at you when I come off tour
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, all over the globe
I come scoop you in that coupe, sitting on deuce zeros
Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, I do adore
Yo put your number on this paper cause I would love to date ya
Holla at you when I come off tour
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, all over the globe
I come scoop you in that coupe, sitting on deuce zeros
Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll
I love girls, girls, girls, girls, girl, girls
Yeah
YeahEmbed
Ugh, ugh, ugh, let's go!
Ugh, bounce
Ugh, bounce
Ugh, bounce
Ugh

Shit, relax your mind, let your conscience be free
You now rollin' with them thugs from the R-O-C
Sigel-Sigel in the house! Uh-huh, sick bastard (Yeah)
Get your wig pushed back by the wig push-back-er (Ugh, ugh)
Memph' Bleek in the house! Still here, never left (Ugh, ugh)
Still bust, more or less, still puff, BITCH! (Ugh, ugh)
Young Hova in the house—Jigga! (Yeah)
Cris' sipper, six-dipper, wrist-glitter, nigga!

Hold up, love
Every time you see Jiggaman, I'm rolling on dubs
Don't forget about them blades, shit, chopping it up
It's the motherfucking Roc, bitch, who hotter than us?
Jay-Hov, 'bout to change my name to Jay Peso
But in the meantime, call me William H., though
On the platinum Yamaha, got the engine gunning
Throwing it up like liquor on an empty stomach
{*Cycle whizzes by*} Y'all don't hear nothing?
Who that, Mack? Naw, dawg, that's M. Bleek coming
You might also like
Who the fluck! want! what?!
Catch Bleek in South Beach out of the reach of the police
Gat on my lap (Yeah), bitch on my back (Holla)
'Gnac in my pocket, smoking that sticky chocolate (Ooohwee!)
Holler if you want drama with...
The Dynasty; Amil, Bleek, Jigga, and...

Sigel—Desert Eagle, dawg, who else but me?
Roc Airs, Roc-Wears, bandannas and white tees
Me without a gun, dawg? Unlikely
You know I keep the heat right under the wife-beat'
Three-X tee, I'm Lincoln now, you can't see the pound
Got a little gut, so the gat sit tucked (Fuck...)
I run wild, gun high, L.A. style
Bang the Roscoe 'til the sunrise; plus, I stay dumb high
Whether block shit or rock shit
Club shit or drug shit, I pop shit—I got shit
Get Sig' any track, I'ma spit the talk to it
Down South gon' bounce; Crips gon' walk to it
Get a ounce, get a woods, everybody spark to it
Every dawg, every Blood in the hood, bark to it
Get the ounce, get the 'Woods, everybody spark to it
We can smoke in here, put the choke in the air (Yeah)
(Don't change the game for these hoes)
(Plays the game like we supposed)
Sigel-Sigel in the house! Uh-huh, sick bastard (Yeah)
Get your wig pushed back by the wig push-backer (Ugh, ugh)
(Don't change the game for these hoes)
(Plays the game like we supposed)
Memph' Bleek in the house! Still here, never left
Still bust, more or less, still puff, BITCH!
(Don't change the game for these hoes)
(Plays the game like we supposed)
Young Hova in the house—Jigga!
Cris' sipper, six-dipper, wrist-glitter, nigga! (Yeah)

I wear more bling to The Source and Soul Trains
More chains than rings, niggas won't do a thing
I bangs the four-four in plain daylight; I'm deranged
Spray right at your brain; by the way, this is Hov
One-shot Dillinger, one shot killing you
It's only one Roc La Familia
Sigel lock Philly up, Brooklyn is me
Matter-fact, the East Coast—fuck took it from me?
Fourth album, still Jay, still spitting that real shit
Volume 3, still sold more records than Will Smith
Can't call this a comeback, I run rap, the fuck is y'all saying?
Five million? I done that, and I've come back
To do it again! (Uh-huh)
Ex-sinner, Grammy Award winner
Balling repeatedly, highlights on SportsCenter
Please repeat after me—it's only one rule:
I will not lose!3Embed
I thought this was America people!
Uhh, yeah, guilty until proven innocent huh?
That's how we working huh? Okay
Before me there was many; after me there will be none
I'm the one
Uh-huh, okay, I see how we playing

Yeah, I get it down, anxiously the public can't wait
Niggas had to have it way before it's release date
Jigga get irate, press get it fucked up
Took me one point eight but I had to get it straight
Get the CD, twelve inch vinyl, get the tape
Jigga give out food for thought dog, get a plate
I get it down, get it crunk when I get in the state of mind
That what's mine is mine, nobody get to take
I don't bend, break, fold, scratch, go down
My mental Rolodex see these words? I just don't know
I know stress, drama, niggas upsetting my mama
Arrested, put in the lineup, trying to put dents in my armor
But I'm a survivor, plus I'm liver than most
Out on bail, fifty thou', still riding with toast
I ain't trying to collide with folk
But I don't want folk taking Jigga for joke
I guess you niggas just woke - good morning!
You might also like
Y'all, cats, can't touch me
You can't touch me, no you can't touch me
Jigga, Kelly, not guilty
Try to charge me but I'm not guilty
I got, all, my mamis
I've got all of my mamis
Tell me, what you, want from me
Tell me.. what y'all want from me?
I'm not guilty

I see how you coming at me now, I'm cool
I'm not the snitch, I don't go to the cops to get rich
I go to the block and pitch
I go with the Glock and click, I go with the pop I'm sick
I go with you hard, I ain't gon' stop for shit
Look in my eyes dog, right in my pupils
If I'm your rival, why would I have to do you?
Press try to throw dirt on my name, disturbing my game
Seemed happy when they heard he was arraigned, glad he's indicted
I got big money, big lawyers to fight it
Just like Cochran, cocksuckers you never see me boxed in
Y'all all know it, Jigga's a fighter
Plus I'm claustrophobic, back on the streets before you know it
And my word niggas, I heard you niggas
I'ma address each and every one of you cocksuckers
Fuck the white press, the block love us, hip-hop forever
B.I.G. is here, the soul of 2Pac hovers - above us
Y'all, cats, can't touch me
You can't touch me, no you can't touch me
Jigga, Kelly, not guilty
Try to charge me but I'm not guilty
I got, all, my mamis
I've got all of my mamis
Tell me, what you, want from me
Tell me.. (uhh, I am the one)
What you want from me? Not guilty

Uhh, okay, you on my radar, I got you too bitch
Got lame bitches trying to fuck with my case
Same lame bitch I bust in her face
Honey just mad I got her fucking replaced
Plus a birthday pass without me even touching my safe
But I ain't gon' lie, the head was sick
But what we need to do, is put that mouth on a better bitch
You heard the rhetoric: "Jigga hit me over the head
With a champagne bottle at the bar, can he buy me a car?"
Naw, how do y'all equate your pain
Would it all go away if I bought you a Range?
I got one or two of those, nothin gon' change
For nothing else, you gotta live with yourself
Try and lie on Hov' 'cause I ride on the road
In what, most would describe as a Rolls
NO, that's that Continental T
The only car that fit intercontinental me, not guilty
Y'all, cats, can't touch me
You can't touch me, no you can't touch me
Jigga, Kelly, not guilty
And you wanna charge me, when I'm not guilty
I got, all, my mamis (I am the one)
I've got all of my mamis
Tell me, what you, want from me
Tell me (Uh) what you (Uh) want from me? (Uh)
(Uh) Not guilty
(I, am, the, one)
Y'all, cats, can't touch me
(Holla)
So you can't touch me nigga, you can't touch me
Jigga, Kelly, not guilty
Said Jigga, Kelly, not guilty
I got, all, my mamis
And I got, all my, mamis
Tell me, what you, want from me
I don't, know why, y'all can't see that
Y'all, cats, can't touch me
Y'all, dudes, can't touch me
Jigga, Kelly, not guilty
Jigga, Kelly, not guilty
I got, all, my mamis
I got, all my, mamis
Tell me, what you, want from me
So tell me, what you, want from me
Y'all, cats, can't touch me
Y'all, niggas, can't touch me
Jigga, Kelly, not guilty
Jigga, Kelly, not guilty
I got, all, my mamis
And I got, all my, mamis
Tell me, what you, want from me
So tell me, what you, want from me
Y'all, cats, can't touch me
Jigga, Kelly, not guilty
I got, all, my mamis
Tell me, what you, want from me
Y'all, cats, can't touch me2Embed

Let's go (Hov')
Uh-huh, Hov'
You are not ready (Hov')
Unstoppable (Dynasty)
Young Hova

I'm a hustler baby (Hov', I'm a hustler)
I just want you to know (Hov', I wanna let you know)
It ain't where I been (It ain't where I been, Hov')
But where I'm 'bout to go (Top of the world! Young Hova, holla)
Now I just wanna love ya! (Just wanna love you, Hov')
But be who I am (You know you love me, Hov')
And with all this cash (Mo' money, mo' problems)
You'll forget your man

Now give it to me
Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
But don't bullshit me
C'mon, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff

Yeah, uhh, yeah
When the Remy's in the system, ain't no tellin'
Will I fuck 'em? Will I diss 'em? That's what they be yellin'
I'm a pimp by blood, not relation
Y'all be chasin', I replace them, huh?
Drunk off Cris', mami on E
Can't keep her little model hands off me
Both in the club, high, singing off key
"And I wish I never met her at all!"
It gets better, ordered another round
It's, about, to go, down
Got six model chicks, six bottles of Cris'
Four Belvederes, got weed everywhere
What do you say, me, you, and your Chloe glasses (uh-huh)
Go somewhere private where we can discuss fashion?
Like, Prada blouse, Gucci bra (okay)
Filth Mart jeans, take that off
You might also like
Give it to me
Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
But don't bullshit me
C'mon, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
I said give it to me
Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
But don't bullshit me
Mama, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff

Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, save the narrative, you saving it for marriage
Let's keep it real ma, you saving it for carats
You wanna see how far I'ma go
How much I'ma spend but you already know
Zip, zero, stingy with dinero
Might buy you Cris', but that about it
Might light your wrist, but that about it
Fuck it, I might wife you and buy you nice whips
Ma, but you really gotta ride nice dick
Know how to work your hips and your head's priceless
Profess you love to Hov' and I'll never let you down
Get you bling like the Neptune sound
Okay, hot Hov', too hot to hold
Ladies love me long time like 2Pac's soul
Only way to roll, Jigga and two ladies
I'm too cold, Motorola, two way page me (C'mon)
Give it to me
Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
But don't bullshit me
C'mon, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
I said give it to me
Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
But don't bullshit me
Mama, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff

I'm a hustler baby (Uh, Hov')
I just want you to know (Hov')
It ain't where I been (Hov')
But where I'm 'bout to go (Ho, ho)
Now I just wanna love ya! (Young Hova)
But be who I am (You know you love me)
And with all this cash (Mo' money, mo' problems)
You'll forget your man

Yeah, yeah, yeah
Same song, I'm back, been around the world
Ro-mancin' girls that dance with girls
From, Club Cheetah to Club Amnesia
The Peanuts in L.A., bubblin' in Dublin
Can't deny me
Why would you want to? You need me
Why don't you try me?
Baby, you want to, believe me (Hov'!)
Give it to me
Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
But don't bullshit me
C'mon, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
I said give it to me
Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
But don't bullshit me
Mama, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushy stuff
Give it to me

Uh, that, that, that, that, uh, huh, uhh24Embed
Uh, yeah, mmmm
William H., niggas
Holla, yeah, yo

That's why I, squeeze first ask questions last
That's how most of these so called gangstas pass
I, squeeze first ask questions last
'Cause when I pull, I always pop, that's why I'm living today

Yo, when I meet ya, I heat ya down
When I greet ya, meet ya with pound
Not the handshake, but the kind that make ya demand a wake
The kind that put land over your face
I pop ya, let doctor stitch ya
I-N-F-R-A, will not miss ya
I move light, like my shoes too tight
Leave niggas confused from the day to the night
At night, see the light, when the pistol's sparking
Daytime it gets dark when that pistol barking
I keep cash 'case cops arrest me
'case kids kidnap me, kids can get back me
You shall repent 'fore you spend a red cent
If not you, somebody of close descent
Thou shalt not fuck with raw me, or he
Face a thousand deaths from Mr. Shawn Corey
Carter, rap harder like I'm part of a cult
Like Cuban cigar maker 'cept I'm hard to smoke
And y'all choke, motherfuckers
You might also like
That's why I, squeeze first ask questions last
That's how most of these so called gangstas pass
I, squeeze first ask questions last
'Cause when I pull, I always pop, that's why I'm living today

Yo, I said thou shalt not fuck with raw me, or he
Face a thousand deaths from Mr. Shawn Corey
Carter, rap harder like I'm part of a cult
Like Cuban cigar maker 'cept I'm hard to smoke
Thou shalt not fuck with raw me, or he
Face a thousand deaths from Mr. Shawn Corey
Carter, rap harder like I'm part of a cult
Like Cuban cigar maker 'cept I'm hard to smoke
And y'all choke, niggas

That's why I, squeeze first ask questions last
That's how most of these so called gangstas pass
I, squeeze first ask questions last
Cause when I pull, I always pop, that's why I'm living today

Y'all don't understand
I said thou shalt not fuck with raw me, or he
Face a thousand deaths from Mr. Shawn Corey
Carter, rap harder like I'm part of a cult
Like Cuban cigar maker 'cept I'm hard to smoke
And y'all choke, niggas
I, squeeze first ask questions last
'Cause when I pull, I always pop, that's why I'm living today

See when I'm low on digits, I push blow in a blizzard
I'm a player for real, I post and pivot
Coke distribute, be where the ghostes visit
Where the demons live, shit, my scene is vivid
Squeamish kids, y'all get the fuck outta this verse
It's about to get so obscene in a minute
I seen and live it, I did some things I admit it
Wasn't proud of it, but I was a child, fuck it
Kept a pow tucked in a brown belt
Couldn't sit down, big gun kept sticking my pelvis
Shit, it was either that or be living with Elvis
Niggas is jealous, hell is hot, you heard X
Wanted to tell God that I don't deserve this
Was afraid that he'd tell me I deserve less
My life was nervous, you haven't heard stress
'Til you heard the cries of my mama, me giving her drama
Told her I ain't promised tomorrow, gotta live for the day
And before she could say Jay...
I was out the door, pouch full of raw, a outlaw mentality
Men gotta do men things for men salary
Bad Boy, not Puff or Mike Lowery
Damn B.I.G. woulda been proud of me
Ahh shit man...
Young Hova, ya heard?
Who could fuck with him?
Uh, uh, geah1Embed
I told you Ms. Carter... Here we are

(Momma, I made it)
You know how I do it like The DOC do it, I fly through it
That's how I operate, (momma, I made it)
Ghetto like the grease when you getting ya hair braided
Sweeter than ya sister Kool-Aid is
Hooray!! It's the underdog now my feet
On the desk I'm the Presidential favorite
Can't believe I got away with
My earliest stages to being on stages
Having my way with the world, congratulations!!
Your baby boy's a made man I'm a hold the fam down like three generations
I'm talking when spaceships are around and ya great-great grands
Reminiscing bout the foundation you gave em
For repairing my relationship with my pops before he passed
All I ask is you raise your glass in this celebration
Toast to the most beautiful girl in the world
My inspiration thanks for the information

Momma I made it... momma I made it

Out in BK where
It ain't everyday that you make it out
Be on top of yachts waving
I remember you saving for the light bill, paid the rent with the light bill
Now our crib dark as a basement
Had to lock up the phone when you wasn't home
We was communicating like the money you made wasn't basic
Our cable was basic no HBO, WHT, just Ralph McDaniels on the station
I aggravated you for Atari and ColecoVision pinstripe Lee's
When the first day of school came in
I was okay with not having everything
Long as Saturdays you had the Commodores playing
The expression on your face was priceless
Still with me till this day baby girl I won't erase it
I go to my grave with the memory of the sacrifice you made
You deserve a standing ovation
You might also like
Momma I made it... momma I made it

Now your lil misfit make sure every day is Christmas, write out your wish list
6's, wrist is glistening you don't even like jewels
But you could get missing anywhere you like to
Where the waters light blue, anything you order
Sign it to your nice room leave a extra tip, ma
Be extra nice to 'em
CEO of Carter Foundation, wow!
I know pop looking down
I know Colleek somewhere up in the clouds like
Go get 'em Grandma make me proud
Didn't have a man in the house so you made one
So I act like your husband and I'm only your son
I told you one day I'd get you a home
I didn't know it could possibly be in Rome
Told me don't wait on nobody, get your own
So with me myself and my microphone, I made it

Momma I made it... momma I made itEmbed
You are tuned in
To the greatest
Young H-O-V
Let's go get 'em again, Just
(Oh my God, HOV)

Pops sped off, left mom with a bundle of
Joy, ya boy smacked dab in the jungle
Took tunnel vision, but he would soon become a mogul
But first he brought that crack back like a yo-yo
Don't play with my yo-yo, loco niggas in the hood
First niggas hating on me, it's all good
I'm buying things like my shit don't stink, Gucci links and Gucci gooses
Watching too many movies, bulletproof this
Had some nerve, like pulling tooth'ses
When you're 16, coming through roofless
Yea your boy "ruthless", like Ice Cube was
Turn the whole city on, I'm the new plug
So if this is your first time hearing this
You're about to experience someone so cold
A journey seldom seen, the American dream
From the bottom to the top of the globe they call me Hov

They gunning for me, wanna see me fall
You know my story, I've been through it all
Night's I've felt like dying, but I ain't crying
What didn't kill me, made me strong as iron
Iron, iron (Oh my God, Hov)
You might also like
Now I'm knee deep in the concrete
Like a street's made a quicksand, it's beyond deep
I got a "chemical romance", two left feet
So now I dance with the devil, please G-O-D
Save me from the "black parade", release me
My life like Grand Theft Auto, PSP
I'm in that Volvo, puffing on that la-la
Ducking from the po-po, every time I drive by
Say hi to the bad guy, all my momma's friends was like
"Mmm, mmm, mmm" would you just look at him
So sorry dear momma for your embarrassment
But give me a couple years and pray I'll never sin again
Got all these rival dealers trying to do me in
And all these little rappers don't know how prepared for them I am (I am)
I'm feeling like the world's against me Lord
Call me crazy, but strangely I love the odds

They gunning for me, wanna see me fall
You know my story, I've been through it all
Night's I've felt like dying, but I ain't crying
What didn't kill me, made me strong as iron
Iron, iron (Oh my God, Hov)

Now these baby ballers, toy rappers
Callin out my name to bring the boy backwards
Shooting air-balls at the basket
What you call money, I pay more in taxes
I got crowned king down in Africa
Out in Nigeria, do you have any idea
Sold out shows out in Seoul, Korea
Jo'burg, Dublin, Tanzania
Lunch with Mandela, dinner with Cavalli
Still got time to give water out to everybody
Everybody, fall back
Y'all rapping, I'm reenacting
CNN, you see it's accurate
ESPN, see me in action
Monday night's, when the half ends
When you 10 years in, holla back then
They gunning for me, wanna see me fall
You know my story, I've been through it all
Night's I've felt like dying, but I ain't crying
What didn't kill me, made me strong as iron
Iron, iron (Oh my God, Hov)

Good Lord, good Lord, good Lord
Good Lord, I said I feeeeeeeeeeeel like I'm dyiiiiiiiing7Embed
We operating a six now we gotta get all the way to ten
In order to get there I know what I gotta do
We gotta split the room up right now
Everybody on that side, you know what I'm saying y'all say Jigga What
Everybody on that side y'all say Jigga Who
Y'all gotta wait though I'm tell you when
Ok don't mess this up alright? We just gonna find out who is hotter
Uh uh uh
1 2 3
(Jigga what)
Uh huh uh huh
(Jigga who)
That's right
(Jigga what)
That's cool
(Jigga who)
Y'all winning
(Jigga what)
Y'all caught up
(Jigga who)
Y'all caught up
(Jigga what)
Alright
(Jigga who)
You might also like
Mo'uckers wanna act loco
Hit em with numerous
Shots with the fo'-fo'
Cats wanna talk to po-po's
Smoke em like coco
Not rap, coke by the boatload
Not that on the run-by, gun high, one eye closed
Left holes through some guy clothes
Stop your nonsense
Glock with the full clip
Y'all cats better duck when the fool spit
One shot could make a nigga do a full flip
See a cat laying shocked when the fool hit
Oh hey ma, how you know niggas wanna buy you
But see me I wanna love for free like Akinyele
Take this ride, make you feel it inside your belly
If it's tight get the K-Y Jelly
All night get you wide up inside the telly
Side to side, til you say Jay Z you're too much for me

(Jigga what)
Ok
(Jigga who)
Jay to the Z
(Jigga what)
Flow with me
(Jigga who)
Jay to the Z
(Jigga what)
Flow with me
(Jigga who)
Jay to the Z
(Jigga what)
Flow with me
(Jigga who)
Got a condo with nothing but condoms in it
The same place where the rhymes is invented
So all I do is rap and sex imagine how I stroke
See how I was flowing on my last cassette
Rapid-fire like I'm blasting a Tec, never jam though
Never get hot, never run out of ammo
Cats hating and shit cause I Jayed your bitch
You know your favorite, I know it made you sick
And now you're, acting raw but you never had war
Don't know how to carry your broad, wanna marry your broad
Now she's mad at me cause Your Majesty
Just happened to be a pimp - what a tragedy
She wanted, us to end cause I touched her friend
She gave me one more chance and I touch her again
I seen her tears as she busted in
I said shit
There's a draft
Shut the door ma and come on in

(Jigga what)
Flow with me
(Jigga who)
Jay to the Z
(Jigga what)
Flow with me
(Jigga who)
Jay to the Z
(Jigga what)
Flow with me
(Jigga who)
Jay to the Z
(Jigga what)
Flow with me
(Jigga who)
Yo
Got a vendetta even though I been better
Left him in the cold with a thin sweater
Rap cats on Prozac get the bozack, cats threw
Two at me I threw fo' back, hold that
Let the dough stack
Way before Big had the gold Ac
Dame had the Lex black
Cats wanna test that, stress that
And right where you're stressed at, where you rest at
I suggest that niggas invest in a vest when I come through
With the Glock jet black you niggas step back
I'm the best at you know I ain't no apprentice to this
Me and my niggas we invented the shhh
I came into the business with this
The Originator, none greater
Roots band drop that shhhhEmbed
First the Fat Boys break up, now every day I wake up
Somebody got a problem with Hov'
What's up? Cats all fed up cause I got a little cheddar
And my record's movin' out the store?
Young cats gettin' at me, young rappers spittin' at me
My homie Big predicted this thing exactly
"Mo' Money, Mo' Problems"- gotta move carefully
Cause cat hate when you getting money like athletes
Young'ns ice-grilling me, ohh - you not feeling me?
Fine; it cost you nothing - pay me no mind
Look, I'm on my grind, cousin, ain't got time for fronting
Sensitive thugs, they all need hugs
Damn little man I'm just trying do me
If the record's two mil you know I'm trying move three
Get a couple of chicks, get 'em to try to do E
Hopefully they'll ménage before I reach my garage
I don't want much, yo I drove every car
Some nice cooked food, some nice clean drawers
Bird-ass niggas I don't mean to ruffle y'all
I know you waiting in the wing but I'm doing my thing
Where's the love?

(Ain't no love, in the heart of the city)
I said where's the love?
(Ain't no love, in the heart of town)
You might also like
And then the Fugees gonna break up, now everyday I wake up
Somebody got something to say
What's all the fussing for? Because I'm grubbing more
And I pack heat like I'm the oven door?
They pray and pray on my downfall
But every time I hit the ground I bounce up like roundball
Now I don't wanna have to kill soundboys
Don't wanna have to cock back the four pound boy
Look scrapper I got nephews to look after
I'm not looking at you dudes, I'm looking past ya
I thought I told you cats I'm not a rapper
Can I live? I told you in '96
That I came to take this shit and I did, handle my biz
I scramble like Randall with his
Cunningham but the only thing running is numbers fam
Jigga held you down 6 summers; damn, where's the love?

(Ain't no love, in the heart of the city)
Ok I feel you ma, I said where's the love?
(Ain't no love, in the heart of town)
Everybody let's take em to church
(Ain't no love, in the heart of the city
Ain't no love, in the heart of town)
Then Richard Pryor gon' and burn up and Ike and Tina
Turner
Break up then I wake up to more bullsh
You knew me before records, you never disrespected me
Now that I'm successful you'll pull this sh
Nigga I'll step on your porch, step to your boss
Let's end the speculation, I'm talking to all of y'all
Males shouldn't be jealous that's a female trait
What you mad cause you push dimes and he sell weight?
Y'all don't know my expenses, I gotta buy bigger plates
Hehehe, and more baggies, why you all aggie?
Nigga respect the game, that should be it
What you eat don't make me sh - where's the love?

(Ain't no love, in the heart of the city)
I said where's the love?
(Ain't no love, in the heart of town)
(I said it ain't no)
Ain't no
(I said it ain't no)
Ain't no
(I said it ain't no)
Ain't no
(I said it ain't no love in the heart of town)
Ain't no
I like that start again
(I said it ain't no)
Ain't no
(I said it ain't no)
Ain't no
(I said it ain't no)
Ain't no
(I said it ain't no ain't no ain't no love)
(Ain't no love, in the heart of the city)
(Ain't no love, in the heart of town)
(Ain't no)
Ain't no
Uh huh
Ain't no
(Ain't no love)
Everybody give it up for Jagwar Wright come on
That's all you baby that's all you
That's all Jay
Yeah rightEmbed
"This is the operator with a collect call from: 'Emory Jones'
To accept the charges, press 1 now"

Emory, whattup?
Told you I ain't too good with writing letters and all
Shit, I don't even write rhymes
But what I will do
I'mma send you this open scribe through the airwaves
Vibe with me...
Yeah, nigga, I bet we was kids and had dreams of being here
I said "we" 'cause I'm here, you here!
Yeah, ride with me, your spot is reserved, family
Cigarette boats, yachts, ain't nowhere we can't go
We in South Beach and the Hamptons, too, baby!

I know, I know
Some places we can go, some places we can go
I know, I know
Some places we can go, some places we can go
Do you wanna ride with me?
Do you wanna ride with me?

You know why they call the projects a project
Because it's a project!
An experiment, we're in it, only as objects
And the object for us to explore our prospects
And sidestep cops on the way to the top - yes!
As kids we would daydream, sitting on our steps
Pointing at cars like yeah that's our 6
Hustlers profits made our eyes stretch
So on some Dr. Spock shit, we started our trek
Some of us made it, most of us digressed
In the name of those who ain't made it, my progress
We show success, please live through me
See, I'm the eyes for Emory, keep him alive
(This is a collect call) So every time I press 5
All he wanna hear is his boy talk fly
Up in the fed, and still holdin' his head
So when he hits the streets he gon' eat through this bread
Now let's ride
You might also like
I know, I know
Some places we can go, some places we can go
I know, I know
Some places we can go, some places we can go
Do you wanna ride with me?
Do you wanna ride with me?

I'm crushing all award shows
MTV, BET, the Grammys, crushed linen, Purple Label
All that fly shit we talked about
Giving them Sinatra pinky rings with the blue diamonds and everything
Hehehe, that's what we talked about right?
Uh-huh... tried to told you, ride with me

International Hov, I told you so
40/40s out in Tokyo
Singapore, all this from singing songs
Coming up though we thought slinging raw
Was the end-all-be-all of being rich, didn't we?
Little did I know my mo' potent delivery
Would deliver me, kingpin of the ink pen
Monster of the double entendre, Coke is still my sponsor
Heh, the Cola, yeah
Hova still getting it in with soda
Diet, no sir, I ain't lose no weight
Started from the crates now I'm sitting on a whole case
Since they got you sitting on that old case
Our dreams is on hold like TiVo
So I can't wait till you get your date
I got some temp plates outside of the gate
We gon' ride
I know, I know
Some places we can go, some places we can go
I know, I know
Some places we can go, some places we can go
Do you wanna ride with me?
Do you wanna ride with me?

Uh-huh, uh-huh
Geah
Don't even worry about it though, you ain't missed nuttin
It only gets better, they got the Maybach Coupe now
Look like the Batmobile, the Phantom the top just comes off that joint
It only gets better
They can lock your body they can't trap your mind
Keep your spirit alive read your books
Matter of fact, let me take you somewhere
Vibe with me, c'mon

Now me and my lil' mama, Quita and Ty-Ty
Juan and Dez out in Saint-Tropez
Jay Brown and Kawanna, sneaking marijuana
You know that Mary J., give you no more drama
Lost a couple friends this whole shit got weird
But when you get home you know your spot's reserved, ya heard?
I put my niggas on, my niggas put they niggas on
Now we all somewhere foreign, chillin', sippin' somethin'
I ain't forget you cousin, heh
Yeah nigga y'all can wear sneakers on the beach if you want to
Y'all niggas come and c'mon, playin' money marathon
My young'n is LeBron, you know what that makes me, baby
Big Homie! Hehe, Emory, what's up?
I know, I know
Some places we can go, some places we can go
I know, I know
Some places we can go, some places we can go
Do you wanna ride with me?
Do you wanna ride with me?

Wan' ride with us? You're more than welcome
We ain't on no bullshit, uhh
Put your feet up
Big Ty, I see you, boy
Guru, I don't usually do this but
Roll me up something man
Let me get mellow on this shit right here
Uh-huh, yeah
Uh-huh, white paper though nigga
Can't even fuck with those blunts
White paper baby, old school nigga gimme a joint
Smooth it out, Young H.O.
Emory Jones
Word to my momma, we livin'!11Embed
Sauce motherfuckin'
Jigga, Jigga, feel this...

This goes out to my Brooklyn crew
Put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me
(If ya feel me) Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night
We don't love these hoes
This goes out to my Brooklyn crew
Put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me
(If ya feel me) Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night
We don't love these hoes

Yeah, get ya ones up (put ya guns up) it's on
Ladies know that when the sun's up I'm gone
Fuck them bitches though, digits though
Fuck, now if I bring it niggas know whaat
All black out with the MAC out
I take shorty to the rest blow her back out
Sun dress undress (throw her back out) biatch
(In and out like a crack house) Keep it moving
Face off with the .38 scraped off
Keep shorty laced caked off, off an 8-ball
Know your place
Sauce scorch when ya least expect it, yeast infected
You don't imitate bitches (Piece protected)
So I hear you hate bitches? Love the dough
(Ya flow irritate niggas) Fuck them though, it's all out
Have a fall out, I'll fucked ya girl
On top now we call out fuck the world
Face off!
You might also like
This goes out to my Brooklyn crew
Put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me
(If ya feel me) Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night
We don't love these hoes
This goes out to my Brooklyn crew
Put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me
(If ya feel me) Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night
We don't love these hoes

I apologize ladies, I'm lovin' ya right
You must be used to me trickin' but we fuckin' tonight
(No wine no dine) no wheelin' the whip
All night long just feelin' the dick be-i-itch
(Sauce motherfuckin' slayin' I'm sayin' with no delayin')
(Can you beat that? I eat that) you just playin'
Nigga you never know what a chick could do
(Pull the trigger too) check the shit Jigga do
(My crew) mackin' the same bitch (I do)
(Back plans stack grands) daddy like I you
(Love them hoes, Jigga?) Ha, how that sound?
Women start to fall we all bat around
Let my whole team hit it (scatter 'round)
You never seen with it (pat 'em down)
Check for cream in it (these riches)
Got nu'hin to do with these bitches
Nothin' y'all can do to stop these digits
Face off!
This goes out to my Brooklyn crew
Put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me
(If ya feel me) Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night
We don't love these hoes
This goes out to my Brooklyn crew
Put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me
(If ya feel me) Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night
We don't love these hoes

(Can I touch that?) What's that? Leave it for dead
Keep ya arm over ya face my nigga (keep ya head)
Keep a mind to survive if ya sleep ya dead
Stay fly 'til ya die nigga deep with prayer
With each word ya say I guess the beef is dead
Ladies & gentlemen (like impeach the Prez)
Val Kilmer style nigga draw heat with Feds
Broad day like De Niro shoot all day
I'm the man fuckin' the tracks and you just foreplay
Get a hit I, I come through, blow up, you spit out
What up? Keep it cocked faithfully like salop
With one in the drop don't get hit up
(I be the 4-5th flamer) and (hoes bitch shamer) what!
Clap cats, a snitch'll give ya whole click name up
Look I done came up (and) tore a whole game up (right)
Meet me in the square with one in the chamber
The face off, nigga
This goes out to my Brooklyn crew
Put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me
(If ya feel me) Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night
We don't love these hoes
This goes out to my Brooklyn crew
Put ya guns up in the air if ya feel me
(If ya feel me) Fuck 'em all day fuck 'em all night
We don't love these hoes
This goes out to my Brooklyn crew
Put ya guns up (in the air) if ya feel me
Fuck 'em all day (fuck 'em all night)
We don't love these hoes

This goes out... put ya guns up in the air
If ya feel me
Fuck 'em all day, fuck 'em all night
We don't love these hoes
Yeah!
This goes out (to my Brooklyn crew)3Embed

Somebody's pulling me closer to the ground
I ain't panicked, I been here before
Seems like only yesterday when I got up on that stage
In front of that crowd
And showed them who was who, and what was what
Man look at these suckers
I ain't no rapper, I'm a hustler
It just so happens that I know how to rap
OKAY, I'M RELOADED!
A million

Uh-huh, I did it again niggas
Fucked up, right? Ha, I know
I know what y'all niggas asking yourself
Is he gon' ever fall off?
No...

A lot of speculation
On the monies I've made, honies I've slayed
How is he for real? Is that nigga really paid?
Hustlers I've met or, dealt with direct
Is it true he stayed in beef and slept with a TEC?
What's the position you hold?
Can you really match a triple platinum artist buck by buck
But only a single goin' gold?
If Roc-A-Fella should fold, and you're left out in the cold
Is it back to charging motherfuckers 11 for an O?
For the millionth time, asking me questions
Like Wendy Williams, harassing me
Then get upset when I catch feelings
Can I get a minute to breathe? And in that minute you leave
While I'm looking at my Rol' ice spinning on my sleeve
Ugh, nice watch, do you really have a spot?
Like you said in Friend or Foe and if so, what block?
What you doin in L.A., with Filipinos and Eses?
Latinos and Chevys, down by Pico with Frederico
I'll answer all your questions but then y'all got to go
Now the question I ask you is, "How bad you wanna know?"
BLAOW!
You might also like
A million

Roc-A-Fella y'all, uhh, uh
Know my style

Motherfuckers can't rhyme no more, 'bout crime no more
'Til I'm no more, 'cause I'm so raw
My flow expose holes that they find in yours
Wasn't for me, niggas still be dying for whores
But I hate when a nigga sit back, admiring yours
Young blood, you better get that, we frying because
Niggas don't want to be confined to riding the iron horse
And don't listen to the rappers yo, they dying to floss
I used to be O.T., applyin' the force
Shoot up the whole block, then the iron I toss
Come back with the clique playing Diana Ross
I'm the boss and this is how it's gon' be
Burnt the turnpike, wild miles on the V
I got mouths to feed 'til they put flowers on me
And kiss my cold cheek, chicks crying like I was Cochise
Tombstone read, "He was holdin' no leaks"
Started from the crack game and then so sweet
Freaked it to the rap game, Jigga the O.G
On MTV, telling 'em how I sold D
And used to bag work up out of apartment 4-B
Me and my homie, started out co-d's
Picked the mailbox lock 'cause I ain't have no key
Had the cable with the anchor when Jaz made 'Sophie'
Then I went low key, but now I'm back, it's on
Motherfuckers!
Jigga, uh-huh, yeah
Roc-A-Fella y'all, uuuh
Uhh, feel this22Embed
Yeah, I mean like
I gotta be like the pioneer to this shit, you know
I was popping that Cristal
When all y'all niggas thought it was beer and shit, you know
Wearing that platinum shit
When all y'all chicks thought it was silver and shit
(Imaginary playmates)
I got, I got to be the pioneer to this shit, man
Bottom line (Imaginary playmates)
I'ma show you how to do it, check it

Yo, I spit that other shit
That's a nice motherfucker shit
That Fed time follow me around, Deep Cover shit, nigga
You beer money, I'm all year money
I'm "Papi, you ain't got to count it, it's all there" money
I never change money 'cause niggas got strange money
NARC'd up, marked up, fucked up in the game money
I got bail money, double-XL money
You got flash now, but time will reveal money
I spit the hottest shit, you need it I got it shit
That down-South, Master P, Bout It Bout It shit
I got blood money, straight up thug money
That brown paper bag under your mattress drug money
You got show dough, little to no dough
Sell a bunch of records and you still owe dough
I got 900 and 96 plus 4 mo' dough
You crazy, you fugazi, I'm loco with dough papo
You might also like
Imaginary playmates
Imaginary playmates
Imaginary playmates
Imaginary playmates

And now you got these young cats acting like they slung caps
All in they dumb raps, talking about how they funds stack
When I see them in the street, I don't see none of that
Damn playboy, where the fuck is the Hummer at?
Where's all the ice with all the platinum under that?
Those ain't Rolex diamonds, what the fuck you done to that?
Y'all rapping-ass niggas, y'all funny to me
You're selling records being you, but still you wanna be me
I guess for every buck you make it's like a hundred for me
And still you running around thinking you got something on me
But I done did it
And y'all want to take my flow, and run with it
That's cool, I was the first one with it
Origin-al, Jigga's the future, flow digit-al
Still busting a gat when shit gets criti-cal
Sit it down, I don't want y'all to get it confused
I rip it down, like I ain't got nothing to lose
(Y'all get it now?)
Imaginary playmates
Imaginary playmates
Imaginary playmates
Imaginary playmates

Groupies I leave 'em all fucked; niggas, awe struck
Your single was 99 cents, mines was 4 bucks
Last year, when niggas thought it was all up
But this year I've done it again, Jigga! What the fuck?
Nigga stop whining, Jigga, still shining
Niggas kept complaining so I copped more diamonds
Rock more Versace, ain't nothing sweet
I still throw t'ree in your body, fleeing the party
Y'all can't go with me, nope, flow with me
Bet 50, not dollars either I brought some dough with me
I flow like the 5 Series, in various areas
And blow holes in your weak niggas theories
It's funny how one verse can fuck up the game
You bought a 4.0 you better get your change
Ain't no platinum in those Cartiers, switch your frames
Ain't no manicurist on board, then switch your plane

Imaginary playmates
Imaginary playmates
Imaginary playmates
Imaginary playmates
I mean, like, be truthful, man: how you think you gon' feel, right?
You pull up in your 4.0 with your bitch
I pull up in the 4.6 with my bitch with the seat back
Bumping some other shit, you know, some other shit
You probably hop on my dick right there, right in front of your bitch
Ask me some stupid shit like
"Yo, yo dog, what’s the difference between a 4.0 and a 4.6?"
Like 30 to 40 grand, cocksucker, beat it! Haha
Yo, them shits even got leathers?15Embed
Uh-uhh-uh, ge-ge-geyeah

You belong to the city (uh-uhh-uh, what what)
You belong to the night (uh-uhh-uh, ge-ge-geyeah)
In the river of darkness
He's a man of the night

What the deal, playboy? Just rest your soul
I be holding it down yo, still love the dough
Got these ladies on the cock now, you know how we go
Got the whole world on lock down, you know how we flow
Don't worry about Brooklyn, I continue to flame
Therefore a world with amnesia won't forget your name
You held it down long enough, let me take those reigns
And just like your spirit, the Commission remains
Niggas can cross the T's and, dot the I's
Now that I got too popular to cop them pies
I'm taking this rap shit serious, to my demise
Jay shit's like cake mix, watch me rise
Basics in the basement, wasted
Asking my dog for advice so when he can't say shit
My hatred is, fueled just give me a sign
And I let the world know that the city is mine, what?
You might also like
You belong to the city (the city is mine, what-what-what)
You belong to the night (ge-ge-geyeah, uh-uhh-uh, pa-pau)
In the river of darkness
He's a man of the night (the city is mine, that's right...)

Y'all wanna know how I flow just seek and you find
I'm like a brain in the voice box, I speak my mind
About to redefine rap mami, either I'm
The illest nigga doing it or these niggas is losing it
I read a article that said I was ruining shit
But every time I look, I'm moving units in quick
So I'ma hit y'all, with these last two and split
And leave niggas with nothing but my influences-es
Students of Jigga, I ain't mad yeah, bite my shit
Sell half of what I sell because it's not quite my shit
I'm the type to buy a Rollie and just ice my shit
On the spot, fuck coming back twice to shit
How real is that? My floss game, still intact
Boss game, you lame dudes can't feel that
Like the first dude to cop the 850 in '89
And drove it up to 55th, the city is mine, what?

You belong to the city (the city is mine)
You belong to the night (yeah, uhh, the city is mine)
In the river of darkness (pa-pause, feel me)
He's a man of the night (yeah, yeah, bounce, bounce)
I snatch your girl 'cause your arm ain't strong enough
Plus y'all don't stay in the studio long enough
I make hits while y'all stay hating and take bricks
Had it locked 'til I came in the club, Take 6
Got your chick 'cause you swore she was innocent
Got her a Chinese manicure, hair done by Dominicans, all for what
So I could be in a dark corner, all in her butt
At the bar alchoholing her up
I represent the lifestyle of those who thirst cream
A buck fifty a shot, Louis the Thirteenth
Jay-Z, Roc-A-Fella yo, know the name
I ain't a player, get it right, I'm controlling the game
From now until they blow holes in my frame
I'ma stand firm, holding my aim, feel me?
I'm the focal, point like Biggie in his prime
On the low though—Shhh! The city is mine

You belong to the city (uh-huh, yeah, the city is mine)
You belong to the night (ah ah, the city is mine)
In the river of darkness (feel me, the city is mine)
He's the man of the night (the city is mine, is mine, is mine, is mine)
You belong to the city
You belong to the night
In the river of darkness
He's the man of the night
You belong
You belong
In the river of darkness
He's the man of the night6Embed
What, tssh, y'all, want
Jigga, uhh uhh uhh, uh-huh
Pa-pa, uhh, pa-pa, uhh
The G, Roc-A-Fella y'all

Who be, in a Japanese restaurant, eating sushi
Drinking sake, it's me, and my mami with the doobie
Cutie, smelling like Miyake, half-Philippine thing
For now, let's call her Suki, got me, this booty banging
Properly, in Versace pants, cocky bow-legged stance
A thing of beauty, watch me, body crazy
Tits firm like Nature, Foxy, Nas and AZ
Truly reason to bug the toolie and keep laced in jewelry, watch me
Girlie tried to lure me and lock me you gotta get up early
'Cause who's getting played is not me
"Surely you jest," she said, "if you thought I was purely
Out for the bucks you woulda bucked stuck and dropped me"
I said maturely, "You right
But better safe than sorry, before the lovebirds
Can move to the suburbs, I need to double check your story
To make sure that you one of a kind
And you deserve to be my Sunshine"

Touch me with, a heart of gold (uh-huh)
I can't go a day without my sunshine (uh-huh) ahh-haaa (say what? uhh)
Touch me with, a smile of gold (yeah)
I can't go a day without my sunshine, sunshine (uhh, uhh, uhh)
You might also like
A year gone, and she seeing things most chicks only
Hear in songs (uh-huh), keep in gear phenom
Lots of ice in the air, round the neck the charm (that's right)
Risked a four to life bid to keep that shit on her arm
Keep her impressed at all times, cats would love to creep (uh-huh)
Just to say they crept with mine, slept with mine, she said

I ain't deaf nor blind, niggas stressing
Hating 'cause they less than mine, they wanna sex me
We chose each other, you acting like you chose me
They oppose you then, they oppose me
We could creep at a low speed, the gat in the hosiery
Double cross you they got to triple cross me
(I'm thinking that's the way it's supposed to be) Uh-huh
(One more thing:
If I ever go broke, would you hit the block for me?) Fo' sho'
(She replied, eyes open wide) Uhhhh
(Put that on everything?) I put that on my life
(Right)

Touch me with, a heart of gold (uh-huh)
I can't go a day without my sunshine (uh-huh) ahh-haaa (say what? uhh)
Touch me with, a smile of gold (uhh)
I can't go a day without my sunshine, sunshine (uhh, uhh, uhh)
If I need it would you, give me (Uhh) your kidneys? (Uhh, fo' sho')
Catch a case, you catch it with me? (Mmm, fo' sho')
Pawn your jewelry to come get me? (You better know)
Catch me with a chick (Uhh), forgive me? (Now that, I don't know)
They spread rumors, will you defend me, tooth and nail? (Uh-huh)
They try to frame me, will you be there, 'til the truth prevail? (uhh)
(But would you be the same dude, when you blow the roof off sales
That you was, throwin' rocks, on the roof at 12, nigga?)
This is the truth I shall, 'til the loot gets frail
I put this on my nephews, from the smallest to the pale
Me and you balling, from the Heavens, or the Hell
Won't let you hit the ground if I'm falling myself
Now picture me leaving you in this cold world, rolling for delf
It's me and you in this old girl, we taking the belt
From the lows, to the highs, to the foes we shine
Just continue to be my sunshine, uhh

Touch me with, a heart of gold (uh-huh)
I can't go a day without my sunshine (uh-huh) ahh-haaa (say what? uhh)
Touch me with, a smile of gold (yeah)
I can't go a day without my sunshine, sunshine (uhh, uhh, uhh)
Touch me with, a heart of gold
I can't go a day without my sunshine, ahh-haaa
Touch me with, a smile of gold
I can't go a day without my sunshine, sunshine
I just wanted to let you know that your a real crab, ass, nigga by kicking us outta your fuckin' truck
We don' got kicked out of
Well we don' never got kicked outta shit before, but I'm sayin' if I did it would've been outta better shit
And you got a lotta fuckin' nerve by kickin' us out
I just wanted to let you know, you are a real, fuckin', crab
All them fuckin' love we showed you, you gonna be a fuckin' crab
Fuck, you! okay
No more takin' up for you, no more nothing, you find everything funny, you wanna take everything as a joke
Fuck, you2Embed
Right, right
Yo, peep the scripts, scoped honey from the whip
Jumped out like "Yo, who the fuck you with?"
Flash the jewels 'cause that's the rule
Damn, I like a girl who spend a little cash for her shoes
Face natural — can I get at you?
Saw a spot on the body look nice with a tattoo
With my name, but didn't want to jump the gun
I ain't know how many niggas was humping hon
I said I never seen a face like yours before
And I been around some cute whores before
That either me or my boys tore it up before
So I'm hoping you different, let you push the 6 and
Give you a different life and baby if it's right
Jump on it in the morning and ride it 'til the night
Want to buy you ill jewelry when it hits the light
Bitches'll momentarily lose they sight
She said

I know what boys like
I know what they want
I know what boys like, boys like
I know what boys like
I know what they want
I know what boys like, boys like me
You might also like
You want a cutie with a booty like POW!
Deeper than a MILE! Earrings shine like TADOW!
But I'm a real bitch so you know I do real things
Only real bitches live like queens - Get it?
Safety deposit in the walk-in closet
Marble faucets and matching Rolls Royces
In the driveway from Monday to Friday
I be the richest, shitting on these bitches
While chickens cluck giving up the butt
I plays the cut with the Daddy Warbucks
You can call me a slut, who gives a fuck
That's fine nigga shit, I'm good with mine
I can tell by your shoes you know what I want
Fuck a pre-nup give me half up front
My sex be the best so we split these cars
You can stop saying mine
And start saying ours

I know what girls like, I'm a flyyyy girl
I know what they want
They want to sex me
They think I'm sexy
I know what girls like, girls like me
I know what boys like
I know what they want
They want to sex me
They think I'm sexy
I know what boys like, boys like me
Got the bomb place, fireplace John Blaze
Victoria Secret lingerie, ice like Don King
The price was like eight digits a long way, shit
Got the beachfront view, V-1-2
Cop you one, cop me one too
On the place, jet ski's park by the lake
No neighbors, make all the noise you want to make
Invite your friends over
Let 'em make their way through the Benzes and the Rovers
Before they reach the door
Vacay, away a week or more
First class to and fro, freaking off
Got the Hamptons locked, champagne popped
Cruise around the world 'til the damn thing stops
Cop Rembrandt, hang 'em, paid a lot
Can't complain, we balling, true or not, ma?

I know what girls like
I know what they want
I know what girls like, girls like
I know what girls like
I know what they want
I know what girls like, girls like me
I know what boys like
I know what they want
I know what boys like, boys like
I know what boys like
I know what they want
I know what boys like, boys like me3Embed
Guru turn this shit up (Ow!)
I know a million people already did this
Let's make it a billion
OG I'm going in! (bounce)
Big Bizzle, happy birthday my nigga!

Geah, a billi, a billi, a billi a billionaire
Call me Philli Collins, I feel a billion is in the air
I affiliate, with Billy Gates, that's my peer
And John Meneilly-onaire is my consigliere
When I wear Billionaire Boys Club, it's more than gear
I don't wear it cause Pharrell, I wear it 'cause I'm fo'real
(I see dead people)
I see Benjamins and a billion other big head people
I'm a natural born hustler, Marcy Projects motherfucker
Turned professional journalist reporting, live from the gutter
Where girls, carry box-cutters
Brothers shoot up with undercovers
Screaming "Fuck the world!" Why? 'Cause don't nobody love us
Shawn Carter, Sean Bell, what's the difference? Do tell
50 shots or 50 mill', ain't no difference go to hell
So, BRRRAK, lick a shot for, BRRRACK Obama, change gon' come or
I'ma buy the whole hood llamas on me
Roc Nation army, million strong and the mantra's gon' be
It is whatever it's gon' be, on three
Jump in the Humvee, y'all can call it Cold War
Declaring, I'm free, bumping 'Pac and the Outlawz
I'm flyer than all outdoors, I ball out hard
I buy, champagne companies, I'm past buying out bars
But I do that, I'm so past, G5's and G4's
But I flew, back, back and forth like Aaliyah (Rest in Peace to ya)
Takes a nation of millions to hold us back
But when your boy reach a billion it's a wrap (off of RAP?!) YEAH!
Roc Nation it takes a nation to stop
I'm signing off, it's the hood's Barack, BRRRACK!
You might also like
Motherfucker I'm ill!
Motherfucker I'm ill!4Embed
Hey nigga I was in Oakland, Oakland like Brooklyn
Short! Dawg! Bay area!!!
They showed me so much love when I was down there I had to get hyphy on this one

Uh! Ask my nigga Lebron!
We so big we ain't gotta respond
When you talkin to a don
Please have respect like your talkin to your mom
We let the money do the talkin
As you see we be talkin rather often (chatterbox!)
The ROC Boys in the buildin
Another hundred fifty million don't it sound like we yellin?!!!
Who the fuck overrated?!
If anything they underpaid him
Hatin that's only 'gon make him spend the night
Out of spite with the chick you've been datin
We the best of the best
We 'gon be here so the rest could take a rest
I gotta get this off my chest
No pause none of that shit, get off my dick!!!!

BLOW THE WHISTLE!!!
BLOW THE WHISTLE!!!
BLOW THE WHISTLE!!! (It's too easy for me!)
BLOW THE WHISTLE!!!
You might also like
Hold up, I gotta keep it real
It's gonna take seven movies by Will (What up Will?)
Seven movies by twenty mil'
And you still ten short from what I did with one deal (DAMN!)
Don't compare me to nobody
I'd rather not be mentioned, I'm offended
Unless you talkin Sinatra, James Dean or
John Lennon (or) or Jimi Hendrix
I'm just a rock star, BEEYITCH!!
Keep it real, you know I got y'all BEEYITCH!!
We ain't in the same league
You could lie to yourself, you can't lie to me (uh-uh, uh-uh!)
I don't even know y'all name
I'm too big for ya, the rap Lebron James
Roc Nation, the new movement
And y'all money funny, what the fuck are YOOOU DOING??
I don't know what y'all on
This is chess, know the difference 'tween the king and the pawn

BLOW THE WHISTLE!!!
BLOW THE WHISTLE!!!
BLOW THE WHISTLE!!!
BLOW THE WHISTLE!!!
Blow the whistle!4Embed
Everybody in here just bounce
Just bounce
Just bounce
Just bounce
Uh uh uh uh
I like, ok let's go
Uh Uh
Yeah yeah yeah yeah
Uh Uh Uh
Yeah yeah yeah yeah
Uh Uh Uh

You know I, thug em, hug em, love em, leave em
But I don't trust or need em
Take em out the hood, keep em looking good
With diamond cuts that'll freeze 'em
First time they fuss I'm breezing
Talking bout, what's the reasons
I'm a pimp in every sense of the word mama
Better trust and believe em
In the cut where I keep em
Til I need a what, til I need to beat it up then it's
Then it's "beep beep" and I'm picking them up
Let em play with the crick in the truck
Many chicks wanna put Jigga's fists in cuffs
Divorce him and split his bucks
Just because you got good sex, I'mma break bread
So you can be living it up
Part with nothing, I be fronting
Me give my heart to a woman
Not for nothing, never happen
I'll be forever macking
Heart cold as assassins, I got no passion, I got no patience
And I hate waiting, ho get your ass in and let's ride
You might also like
Let's ri ri ride
Ch ch ch ch
Let's ri ri ride
Ch ch ch ch
Let's ri ri ride
Ch ch ch ch
Let's ri ri ride
Ch ch ch ch

What we doin' ya'll?
We doin'
Spendin' cheese we doin'
Big pimpin' on BLADES
We doin'
Big Pimpin' up in NYC
It's just that Jigga man B. Sigel Memphis Bleek
We doin'
Big pimpin'
Spendin' cheese we doin'
Big pimpin' on BLADES
We doin'
Big Pimpin' up in NYC
It's just that Jigga man Roots band on MTV
On the canopy, my stamina be, enough for Pamela Anderson Lee
MTV jam of the week
Made my money too long for gamblin' with me but I'm
But I'm still sitting on BLADES hitting on crays
Sitting on the corner of my block hustling
Getting off K's, double what I paid
Getting it right through customs
It'll sell by night its egg shell white
I got so many grams if the man find out
It will land me in jail for life
But I'm still big pimping, spending cheese
With B.U.N. B, Pimp C, and Timothy
We got chickens in the back of the truck, laughing it up
Jigga Man: that's what's up

[Big pimpin' spending cheese
And we big big pimpin' on BLADES
Big pimpin' up in NYC
It's just that Jigga man B. Sigel Memphis Bleek
Big pimpin' spending cheese
And we big big pimpin' on BLADES
Big pimpin' up in NYC
It's just that Jigga man Roots band on MTV(8901654)
Bounce
Bounce
Ok ma, I see you
Bounce
Ok, alright, come on
Bounce
Bounce
I love it, I love it
Bounce
Uh Uh
Y'all section a little weak, all y'all gotta bounce right now
Bounce bounce bounce
Uh Uh Uh
Beautiful beautiful. Ok we are 7 now y'all getting it
o back 98
Maybe go back 96
Couple a hits
Help me out yo

Bounce with me with me with me
Can you bounce with me
Can you bounce with me
Left side can you bounce with me with me
Right side can you bounce with me
In the middle can you bounce with me
Help me out

Can I hit in the mornin' without givin' you half of my dough
And even worse, if I was broke would you want me
If I couldn't get you finer things like all of them diamond rings
Jigga's kill for would you still roll
If we couldn't see the sun risin' off the shore of Thailand
Would you ride then, if I wasn't driving
If I wasn't a by the name of
Would you come around me or would you clown me
If I couldn't flow futuristic, would ya
Put your two lips on my wood and kiss it, could ya
See yourself with a working harder than nine to five
Then ten to six, two jobs to survive, or
Do you need a so you can shop and tear the mall up
Brag, tell your friends what I bought ya
If you couldn't see yourself with a player when his dough is low
Baby girl, if this is so, yo
You might also like
Can I get a (whoop whoop)
To all of my thugs who don't love those that get no dough
Can I get a (whoop Whoop)
To all of my ladies, uh, aha
Can I get a (whoop whoop)
To all of my players who don't love those that got no dough
Uh Uh
Now can you bounce with me
Can you bounce with me with me with me
Can you bounce with me
Bounce bounce bounceEmbed
Its like finding feathers on a housecat
Lemme take yall somewhere else right now
It's like searching for a needle in a haystack
Lemme get y'all to zone out wit' me, man
(Its a'ight, don't be scared)
Take y'all niggas left and center (zone out wit')
Bullshit

I hear the people talk (I hear y'all)
Whistling when you walk (Y'all hear me)
Your kind is hard to find
Darling, I'm glad you're mine
I hear the people talk (I hear y'all)
Whistling when you walk (Y'all hear me)
Your kind is hard to find
Darling, I'm glad you're mine

Y'all niggas should twist up sumthin
Real real real tight right here
Zone out wit' ya boy
If you don't smoke, grab you something to drink
Mix it up right
If you don't smoke or drink
Man, just light up an inscense
Fuck it
Close ya eyes... Vibe wit' a nigga
I want y'all to really hear me
You might also like
I speak through music, I reach you dudes
We can get deeper in the dirt than cleat shoes
I refuse to lose
I peep you creeps three months in advance
I see right through ya, judas
The man that I am and damn you don't know
The harder you go at me the harder I flow
Let's do this
I'm just a mirror reflectin' your image
The minute you switch up your face I pick up the pace
There's nothin' to it
Pull hammers from my waist
We can clap at this amateur pace
If that's what's crackin'
Or we can play this on "All Madden"
Can you even fathom not havin' a fear in the world
I'm cool in my afterlife
If I'm readin' these chapters right
Please what have you, I breeze through Matthews
Bleed if I have to, you cowards die a thousand deaths
Fake fucks face-down on your housing steps
Are y'all even gettin' this message?
I ain't bein' aggressive
But if you testin' my life then, shit, I gotta answer
Gotta cut off the cancer, young'n, pull your pants up
You gettin' too big for ya britches
You fuckin' wit' a dude that did it wit' digits
Breathing's a privilege
Don't you know when you're defeated?
Won't you though? Throw in the towel
I'm better with vowels
I'm a man of principles; damn-near invincible
In my own mind now that my soul's aligned
I didn't know before now my role's defined:
Take hold and control what's mine
Come and get me!
Come and take my life, you comin' wit me
Come and try to take me for granted
I'll take you off this planet
Dammit, man this is the gift from God
This ain't happenstance
And your arms are too short to box
Plus we knuckle up unorthodox
You can't take me off my grind, get off my cock
Whatchu thought? It's the Roc
I hear the—
I hear the—
I hear the—
Back in the mix of the scuffle
Since '86 I was sick with the hustle (Woo!)
Get a couple of chicks to touch you (Woo!)
Feather-weight fucker dont ever hate on the brothers
Heh-heh
Thought I was playin' but you niggas'll stop now
I ain't gotta sell another record in my life
The Blueprint 2, baby! (Mm-hmm)
See y'all in November (Oh shit!)
I hear the people talk (C'mon)
Yes sir and when you walk (C'mon)
Your kind is hard to find
Darling, I'm—Embed
I'm wishing on a star to follow where you are
I'm wishing on a dream to follow what it means

Uh-huh uh, yeah
I remember y'all niggas
Used to slap box y'all niggas
And smack y'all up, y'all used to see stars
We play corners (?) shit

Check it out, you can catch me on top now, playin' a club
Throwin' a shot down, tryin' to stay above
Ground, another round-breakin' day in the club
Surrounded by my own thoughts, playin' a cut
Reminiscin' on days I ain't have a pot to piss in
No watch to glisten, no V's with hot systems
Missin' my homies that passed right in front of my eyes
Due to the fast life we told wonderful lies
On how we would live forever, time proved us wrong
Had to get our shit together and move it along
Had dreams of being Big niggas, Jig niggas
Drivin' the hottest cars, movin' out with our moms and I'm

Wishing on a star to follow where you are
I'm wishing on a dream to follow what it means
You might also like
Thoughts interrupted by this chicken that I used to cluck with
Back in the days when I was movin' much shit, "What up chick?"
Maintainin', it's the same old thang
A little stress, a little bullshit, ain't too much changed
I see you kept it movin', you see I kept improvin'
She nodded her head in agreement
Remember when I used to walk up and down the cement, puttin' it down
Knew the 'Streets was Watching', stay hooded down
Just to earn a rep, but what good is it now?
She said, "Damn, I just stopped to say hi.... bye"
I was too deep for you from day one
That's why we never had relations, continued in my own zone

I'm wishing on a star to follow where you are
I'm wishing on a dream to follow what it means
And I wish on all the rainbows that I see
I wish on all the people who really dream
And I'm wishing on tomorrow praying it will come
And I'm wishing on all the loving we've ever done (uh-huh)

We used to play tap-tap for rap tracks
Run, catch, and kiss in the back park until it got dark
Wanted to be like the older males, sneak and drink older champ-ale
Dangerous games we played on the third rail
Fiend for the summer breeze, hopped out the Lee's Dungarees
Into the Hawaiian shorts, relyin' on sports
To take us away from here, but I cut too much
So I had a plan B, used to rhyme with a brush
In the mirror, my siblings used to back me up
Like Doug E. Fresh and Ricky D., Eric, Mickey and Me
All my niggas is you with me, each of y'all
Let's reach for the stars now... Jigga!
I'm wishing on a star to follow where you are
I'm wishing on a dream to follow what it means
And I wish on all the rainbows that I see
I wish on all the people we ever greeted
And I'm hoping on all the days to come and days to go
And I'm hoping on days of loving you so
I'm wishing on a star to follow where you are
I'm wishing on a star, baby
And I wish on all the rainbows that I see
I'm wishing on a star to follow where you are
I'm wishing on a star, whoa-oh
And I wish on all the rainbows that I see
Wishing on a star, yes I am
To follow where you are, whoa-oh
Wishing on a star, oh baby, I'm
Wishing on a star to follow where you are, ohh-I'm
Wishing on a star, baby, to follow where you might be
Wishing on a star to follow where you are, ohh-I'm
Wishing on a star, baby5Embed
Bounce
Left and right
Left and right
Come on
Uh
Uh
Che
Uhuh
Yeah keep it best man
Nah nah you don't sing yet man
Sing now!

It's the hard knock life for us
It's the hard knock life for us!
Instead of treated, we get tricked
Instead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the hard knock life!
(I love you)

From standing on the corners boppin'
To driving some of the hottest cars New York has ever seen
For dropping some of the hottest verses rap has ever heard
From the dope spot, with the smoke Glock fleeing the murder scene
You know me well...
From nightmares of a lonely cell, my only hell
But since when y'all know me to fail? Nuh uh
Where all my brother with the rubber grips, bust shots
And if you with me mama rub on your hips, and what-not
I'm from the school of the hard knocks, we must not
Let outsiders violate our blocks, and my plot
Let's stick up the world and split it 50/50, uh-huh
Let's take the dough and stay real jiggy, uh-huh
And sip the Cris' and get pissy-pissy
Flow infinitely like the memory of the homie Biggie, baby!
You know it's hell when I come through
The life and times of Shawn Carter, y'all Volume 2, y'all niggas get ready
Sing!
You might also like
It's the hard knock life for us
It's the hard knock life for us!
(I can't hear y'all)
Instead of treated, we get tricked
Instead of kisses, we get kicked
It's the hard knock life!Embed
Oh

I keep you fresher than the next chick
No need for you to ever sweat the next chick
With speed, I make the best chick see the exit indeed
You gotta know you're thoroughly respected by me
You get the keys to the Lexus, no driver
You got your own 2001 to ride in
And keep your ass tight up in Versace, that's why
You gotta watch your friends you got to watch me
They conniving, shit, the first chance to crack the bank
They try me, all they get is 50 cent franks
And papayas, from the village to the telly
Time to kill it on your belly no question
Have more chicks between my sheets than Essence
They say sex is a weapon, so when I shoot
Meet your death in less than 8 seconds
Still pounding in my after life
Laughing, my thing is tight
Let me hear y'all

Ain't no nigga like the one I got
(No one can fuck you better)
Sleeps around but he gives me a lot
(Keeps you in diamonds and leathers)
Friends will tell me I should leave you alone
​​​Hah hah, hah hah,​​
Tell the freaks to find a man of their own
Man of their own, man of their ownYou might also likeEmbed
We're the ones with the flame (Yeah)
We're the fire that remains (Turn Rell up a lil' bit)
We're controllin' the game from now on (Ugh)

Geah! (Hooo!)
It's the world-renowned internationally connected (Yeah, yeah)
Locally accepted, Roc-A-Fella Records
Don't get it confused (Oh-oh, yeah)
Doing what we do, B. Sig. (It's the Roc, baby)
Rell, Peedi Crakk (It's the Roc, baby)
Free, Young H-O, Bleek (You understand, oh, oh)
And introducin'

It's Young C (Young C!) home of Philly, young and hungry
All the girlies wanna fall in lust with me
And every hood in the world discussing me
I hit it once; when I'm done, give it up to Neef

It's Neef Buck (Neef Buck) out the cut (Out the cut, geah, geah)
All the haters wanna claim that they fuck with us
It ain't a game, niggas know that they Toys 'R' Us
They can't fuck with us, who? Soo! (Awwwwwww)
You might also like
(I'm the one!) Man I'm money, hoes, clothes and shows
To do with your ho all wrapped in one
(I'm not done!) Man I'm the shit after it's all said and done
The one to cop one, come back for another one
(Quick fast) Like rapid refund
I'm the (Grrrr, rrrr) mean green out the money machine
(I'm not done!) I'm Omillio in interviews
And thought you could hold Sparks in the hood?
Come here hon'! (Chill!) And you like it
All them haters talking shit, we don't like it

We love it, that "black mask, black glove" shit
Roll up on him—don't budge, bitch
With my Mac (Mac) and my Tec (Tec)
And my vest, just like that
For them niggas that be thinking Mack Milly
Ain't really from the streets
I'm that gallstone trapped in the belly of the beast

Those seen here will lead you, forever
And we will not leave you, never
And our voices will ring (Ring!) together
As one (Awwwwwww)
It's young Free!
Move working the wheel, hand jerking the V
Busters know if you cross the line, thinking I'm off my job
But I'm on like Chris when he popped his cuz
Nigga, them slugs'll fly

Call me P.C.!
Tempers spilling, I peel, look how I'm killin' the wheel
The fitted tilt to the left, the shirt blend with the sweats
Your girls skirts and veils, she undressing
Don't stare, take a picture, nigga, packin' the bills

I'm the one! Young H-O, a game of none
What you think I do to the brain of that dame you brung?
Listen, hon! Twist up one, this is Armi—sip some
It's only 40 proof, it feel like 151 when I'm done!
Make a run with the Roc, rock Air Force 1's
Rock a bun, hide shit in her hair when I come—
Through customs, cops can't bust him
It's Hov, the hustler; I'm having one hell of a run!
And you like it
All them haters talkin' shit, we don't like it
Nah, we love it
I got a mami with a body, don't touch it
You can't fuck with young Easy up on the Just Blaze production
You get nothin', we get enough spins
Can't stop us from coppin' bottles while we clubbin'
It's the R-O-C forever, tell the public, huh!

Those seen here will lead you, forever
And we will not leave you, never
And our voices will ring (Ring!) together
As one (Awwwwwww)1Embed
Uhh, yeah, uh-uhh-uh
Uh-huh, uh-uh-uhh, uhh, uhh
I ain't tryin to be rude dude
But give a nigga some space
I ain't tryin to be rude dude
Just, give a nigga some space
Just tryin to talk honey dog
I ain't got time to waste (check it)

Why is you over here lookin' at me
While all these girls up in here?
What you gay? Nigga, Jay straight like Indian hair
Y'all don't want me to spray the semi in here
I mean if you a fan I consider you fam'
But shake a nigga hand, well shit god damn
All that ("Do you remember me dawg?") Nah I'm drawin' a blank
You got me feelin like a fish, in a fish tank
Just think, if you came to a club
Tryin to find a little hon for some one-night love
'Stead you got another nigga all up in your mug
You make me uncomfortable thug, go thatta-way!
And kill the ice grill holmes
'Cause I keep enough heat to melt that away
I came in some sweats, I came to get met
Tryin' to find a chick that make it hard for me to "next!"
We exit stage left, hop in her Lexus
Treat me like a baby, mouth on her breast-es
May I suggest that it's
A lot of long-legged chicks in short-ass dresses
Go find you one
Go get your dance on, go grind on one, damn
Go find you one
Go get your dance on, go grind on one
You might also like
Quick question—yo, why you over here?
So many hoes in here
My office hours 9 to 5, whyon'tcha call me there
It's so many hoes in here
I ain't tryin' to be rude dude, whyon'tcha disappear?
There's so many hoes in here
I understand you got issues but I really don't care
There's so many hoes in here

Yeah yeah yeah I know you rap and your sister spit too
You been callin' the office and you can't get through
I understand all that, but now ain't the time
I came to the club to get that off my mind
And all you thugs with your war stories startin' to bore me
I ain't tryin' to hear about your guts and glory
I'm tryin' to hear B.I.G. and some cuts from N.O.R.E
And you keep talkin' over the beat like Clue ("Do you remember?")
Go find somethin' to do
You're a janitor, go find somethin' to screw
Disappear like Copperfield, go cop a feel
Play hide and seek with yourself for real, huh
The chick came dressed up just to get messed up
She got her hair done, just to get it sweated up
Shit I'm tryin' to help her out
Whyon'tcha help me out and be out?
Quick question—yo, why you over here?
So many hoes in here
My office hours 9 to 5, whyon'tcha call me there
It's so many hoes in here
I ain't tryin' to be rude dude, whyon'tcha disappear?
There's so many hoes in here
I understand you got issues but I really don't care
There's so many hoes in here
Jeah, jeah, jeah

You're invadin' my space
You need to, be easy, ahh
You're invadin' my space
You need to, be easy, ahh
You're invadin' my space
C'mon dawg, be easy, ahh

Uh-uh, I don't know why they do that
Heh, I don't understand
Heh, what you need to do, is..

Stop spittin' in my face and go talk to them hoes in here
Stop spittin' in my face and go talk to them hoes in here
Stop spittin' in my face and go talk to them hoes in here
C'mon dawg, stop spittin' in my face and go talk to them hoes in here
Be easy3Embed
Let's describe a certain female
Let's describe a certain female
Let's describe a certain female

(Bitch) you know my name and the company I own
(Bitch) you like my style and you smell my cologne
(Bitch) don't try to act like my track-record ain't known
(Bitch) you probably gotta couple CD's in your home
(Bitch) don't make me say it twice, you acting all up tight
All sidity like, like, like you ain't a (Bitch)
I ain't no ball player, you ain't gonna get pregnant and get
Hit off with paper, you gonna get hit off and slid off
Before the neighbors take off to go to work
So just, take off your shirt, don't hit me with that church shit
(Bitch) I got a sister who schooled me to shit you chickens do
Tricking fools, got a whole Robin Givens crew that I kick it to
They be hipping dudes, how you chickens move, I be listening too
(Bitch, bitch, bitch)
Don't make me say it thrice, you acting all up tight
All sidity like, like you ain't a (Bitch)
You ain't no better cause you don't be fucking rappers
You only fuck with actors, you still getting fucked backwards
(Bitch) Unless you fucked a dude on his own merit
And not the way he dribbles or ball or draw lyrics
You're a (Bitch), No ma, you're a (Bitch)
You might also like
Let's describe a certain female
Let's describe a certain female
Let's describe a certain female

Say Jay-Z, why you gotta go and disrespect the women for, huh?
(Bitch) Sisters get respect, bitches get what they deserve
Sisters work hard, bitches work your nerves
Sisters hold you down, bitches hold you up
Sisters help you progress, bitches will slow you up
Sisters cook up a meal, play their role with the kids
Bitches in street with their nose in your biz
Sisters tell the truth, bitches tell lies
Sisters drive cars, bitches wanna ride
Sisters give-up the ass, bitches give-up the ass
Sisters do it slow, bitches do it fast
Sisters do their dirt outside of where they live
Bitches have niggas all up in your crib
Sisters tell you quick "you better check your homie"
Bitches don't give a fuck, they wanna check for your homie
Sisters love Jay 'cause they know how Hov' is
I love my sisters, I don't love no bitch3Embed

Ok
Alright
Hey
This song right there
Was off the first album I ever made
It's called Reasonable Doubt
Also was fortunate enough to be blessed by the presence of
The Queen of, just the Queen man
I wanna say R&B, I wanna say hip hop
Her name is Ms Mary J. Blige
Mary!
Let me get all the way up beside you girl
You ready?
(What I'm ready)
I'm making short term goals when the weather folds
I just had to test y'all

I'm making short term goals when the weather folds
Just put away the leathers and put ice on the gold
Chilly with enough bail money to free a big willie
High stakes, I got more at stake than Philly
Shopping sprees, cop in three
Deuce fever IS's fully loaded, ah, yes
Bouncing in the Lex Luger, tires smoke like Buddha
50 Gs to the crap shooter
Y'all can't fade me, chrome stocks beaming
Through my peripheral I see you scheming
Stop dreaming, I leave your body steaming
Player's is fiending, what's the meaning
I'm leaning on any player intervening with the sound of my money machining
My cup runneth over with hundreds
I'm one of the best player's that done it
Six digits and running, y'all dudes don't want it
I got the Godfather flow, the Don Juan DeMarco
Mary!
You might also like
I'm taking out this time
To give you a piece of my mind
(Cause you can't knock the hustle)
Who do you think you are
(Jay Z baby)
Baby one day you'll be a star

Last seen out of state where I drop my sling
I'm deep in the South kicking up top game
Bouncing on the highway switching four lanes
Screaming through the sunroof, money ain't a thang
Your worst fear confirmed
Me and my fam roll tight like The Firm
Getting down for life, that's right, you better learn
While I play with fire, you burn
We get together like a choir, to acquire what we desire
We do dirt like worms, produce G's like sperm
Until legs spread like germs
I got extensive with expensive clothes
And I sip fine wines and spit vintage flows
What y'all don't know
Uh Uh Uh Uh
Cause you can't knock the hustle
But until then lately, I'm the one who's crazy?
(Talk to em Mary)
Cause that's the way you're making me feel
(They feel you, they feel you)
I'm just trying to live right
(Why wouldn't you)
I don't have the time
To knock the hustle for real

Yo, lunching, punching the clock
My function is to make much and lay back munching
Sipping Remy on the rocks, my crew
Nothing to stop, un-stoppable
Scheme on the ice, I got to hot your crew
I got to, let you dudes know the time like Movado
My motto, stack rocks like Colorado
Waddle off the champagne, Cristals by the bottle
It's a damn shame what you're not though (me)
Slick like a gato, ya boy Jay-Z
My pops knew exactly what he did when he made me
Tried to get a nut and he got a nut and what
(Tried to get a nut and he got a nut and what)
Straight bananas; can a nigga see me
Got the US Open, advantage Jigga
Serve like Sampras, play fake rappers like a campus
Le Tigre, Pa you're too eager
You ain't having it
Oh good me either
Let's get together and make this whole world believe us huh
At my arraignment screaming
All us blacks got is sports and entertainment, until we even
Thieving, as long as I'm breathing
Can't knock the way a player eating
Alright
I'm taking out this time
(Let me buy you one)
To give you a piece of my mind
Who do you think you are
(That's right, Jay Z baby)
Baby one day you'll be a star
(Let's take em uptown, let's take em uptown)
But until then lately, I'm the one who's crazy?
(Let's go all the way uptown)
Cause that's the way you're making me feel
(We in Harlem now, let's go to the Bronx on em)
I'm just trying to get mine I don't have the time
To knock the hustle for real
(Let's go all the way up town, let's take em to Yonkers)
Family Affair 
People can we get it crunk tonight
(We in Yonkers now)
Yeah yeah yeah
Let's get it
Let's get it
Let's get it
Let's get it
Let's get it
Let's get it
(Talk to em Mary)
If you know the song, sing along
Let's get it crunk tonight
Let's get it crunk upon, have fun upon
Up in this dancery
We got ya open, now ya floatin'
So you gots to dance for me
(Talk to em)
Don't need no hateration, holleratin'
In this dancery
Let's get it percolatin', while you're waiting
So dance for me
Dance for Jay Z
(Come on let's go)
Come on everybody
Gotta thank Jigga for letting me get down tonight
(No no thank you)
Thank you very much
(You love that, ladies and gentlemen Ms Mary J Blige)
Thank you
(One more time for Ms Mary J Blige y'all
Ok, alright. We might be at 8, we close we close. Alright, I got you Mami, let's slow it down one time)1Embed
This here's a ballad for all the fallen soldiers (This ain't music)
I'm 'bout to show you how a hustler's life (This is life man)
And a soldier's life parallel
And the one thing they got in common is a mother's pain
(Forget about music for a second)
Picture a split screen (Forget musicians)
On one side, you got a hustler getting ready for the block
(Human beings)
Other side, you got a soldier getting ready for boot camp
(People, it's life)
They're both at war, stay with us

Did you ever notice, before you blink
Life goes fast?
So don't you worry, about what you see
It will pass

You lost him mama, the war's calling him
Feel it's his duty to fall in line with all of them
He's a soldier
Rose through the ranks as the head of your household
Now it's time to provide bank, like he's supposed to
Now just remember why he's gone 'til November
It's part of him growing up
His shirt soaks up your tears as he holds ya
Your heart beating so fast, speeding his pulse up
Yeah, I know it sucks, life ain't all rosebuds
A couple of speed bumps, you gotta take your lumps
Off to boot camp, the world's facing terror
Bin Laden been happening in Manhattan
Crack was anthrax back then, back when
Police was Al'Qaeda to black men
While I was out there hustling, sinning with no religion
He was off to war, killing for a living
You might also like
Did you ever notice, before you blink
Life goes fast?
So don't you worry, about what you see
It will pass

Days turn to nights, nights turn to years
Years turn to "How the fuck we make it in here?"
My barracks average couple fights a day
Get you locked in a hole, won't see the light of day
And I feel like I'm just writing my life away
I never thought shit could end up quite this way
There's a war going on outside no man is safe from
I'm here for the good fight, only the fakes run
I'm here for the purple heart, if I can't take one
For my team or my siblings, what's my reason for living?
I love my niggas more than anything else
This war's about my family, me needing the wealth
You don't understand how useless as men we felt
'Til you become a five-star general
Shout out to my niggas that's locked in jail
P.O.Ws that's still in the war for real, for real

Did you ever notice, before you blink
Life goes fast?
So don't you worry, about what you see
It will pass
Your baby boy is getting grown
So your baby boy is moving on
(I've gotta chase it) I'm gon' chase it
(And I'm gon' make it, yeah) I'ma make it
Your baby boy is getting grown
So your baby boy is moving on
(I'm gonna make it) I'm gon' make it
(Even if I gotta chase it) You gotta take it
Woo, yeah

Mama say a prayer, your son's becoming a man
This war's taxing to him like Uncle Sam
He ain't gon' always make the right choice, understand
Every choice that he make, he make 'em for his fam
It's death before dishonor
And if he's gone, you should honor his memory
Don't cry, we all gon' die eventually
But if he's locked in the penitentiary, send him some energy
They all winners to me, what's up Emory?

Did you ever notice, before you blink
Life goes fast?
So don't you worry, about what you see
It will pass
Yeah, DJ Clue?, Desert Storm
The Blueprint, Part Two
Time for bonus coverage, c'mon2Embed
Ohh, ooh, ohh
Uh, uh, uh
It—It—It was all a dream
Last night I had a dream
Thoughts was racing through my head (It was all a dream)
Felt so real to me (It was all)
This is what was said (All-all-all-all-a-all a dream)

"Had a dream," I said, "'Bout who?" he said
"'Bout B.I.G.," I said, "That's big," he said
"Dig what he said", "Proceed," he said
"Indeed," I said, so, breathe I did
"Don't repeat what I say," I said, he said nothing
He agreed with his head, he just nodded like this
What I believe to be a yes, I repeated what was said
"It came to me like a whisper last evening," I said
"What's the deal, playboy?" was the greeting he said
First thing I wanted to know was the reason he was dead
"Mo' Money Mo' Problems,'" better believe it," he said
"Careful what you wish for, you might receive it," he said
"I see," I said, "jealousy" I said
"Got the whole industry mad at me," I said
Then B.I. said, "Hov, remind yourself:
Nobody built like you, you designed yourself!"
"I agree," I said, "my one of a kind self"
Getting stoned every day like Jesus did
"What he said," I said, "has been said before"
"Just keep doin your thing," he said; "say no more"
You might also like
Was it all a dream? Tell me
Was it all a dream? Was it a dream?
Was it all a dream?
(It was all, all-all, all, all-all, all, all-all) I got to know
Was it all a dream? Was it a dream? (It was all a dream)
Was it all a dream? A dream
Was it all a dream? (Oh)

It was all a dream, I used to read Word Up! magazine (Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh)
Salt-n-Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine (Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh)
Hanging pictures on my wall
Every Saturday, Rap Attack, Mr. Magic, Marley Marl
I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped (Oh, oh, oh)
Smoking weed and bamboo, sipping on private stock (Oh, oh, oh)
Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack (Oh, oh, oh)
With the hat to match
Remember Rapping Duke, "duh-ha, duh-ha" (Oh, oh, oh)
You never thought that hip-hop would take it this far (Oh, oh, oh)
Now I'm in the limelight 'cause I rhyme tight (Oh, oh, oh)
Time to get paid, blow up like the--
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner (Ooh)
Remember when I used to eat sardines for dinner
Peace to Ron G, Brucey B, Kid Capri (Ooh)
Funkmaster Flex, Lovebug Starski
I'm blowing up like you thought I would
Call the crib, same number, same hood, it's all good (Ooh)
Uh, and if you don't know, now you know, nigga, uh
Was it all a dream? Tell me (It was all a dream, uh)
Was it all a dream? Was it a dream? (It was all)
Was it all a dream?
(It was all, all-all, all, all-all, all, all-all, all, all-all) I gotta know
Was it all a dream? Was it a dream?
Was it all a dream? A dream (It was all a dream)
Was it all a dream?
It was all, all-all, all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all, all a dream

It was all
It was all, all, all-all, all, all-all-all-all-all-all-all, all a dream
It was all a dream
It was all, all, all, all, all, a-a-a-a-a-a-a-all a dream
It was all, all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all
All-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all
All-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all
All-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all-all a dream

"I see," I said, "jealousy" I said
"Got the whole industry mad at me," I said
Then B.I. said, "Hov, remind yourself:
Nobody built like you, you designed yourself!"
"I agree," I said, "my one of a kind self"
Getting stoned every day like Jesus did
"What he said," I said, "has been said before"
"Just keep doin your thing," he said; "say no more"10Embed
"JAY-Z this," "JAY-Z that" ("JAY-Z won't hold my hand no more")
"JAY-Z this," "JAY-Z that"
"JAY-Z that," "JAY-Z this" ("JAY-Z won't give me no money")
Get off JAY-Z' dick
What, y'all niggas get front-page articles?
Y'all mention JAY-Z name?
(This thing on?) JAY-Z, JAY-Z
"In JAY-Z news" (Check)
I understand what y'all tryna do
I brought the flutes this time though (Check)
Unleash the flutes on 'em, Guru
Give me some more music in the headphone
Let's get to the proceedings preceding this evening
Let's do this thing (Let's do it right this time)
Come on

H-O-V-A
I got my mojo back, baby, "Oh, behave"
Nah, nah, don't be afraid
Y'all and your articles hock spit at Jay
Y'all, from afar, threw darts my way
What you thought, I would not have nothin' to say? Nope
Y'all fell into the booby trap
I set the trap just to see dude react, and now
And now, you's can't leave
You opened the door, God, I'm at you annually
And I'm sorry, Ms. Rosie Perez
I call a spade a spade, it just is what it is
But you can't give cred to anything dude says
Same dude to give you ice and you owe him some head
Shorty, it's time to wake up the dead
You sound a little naïve in them articles that I read
You might also like
H-O-V-A
The Blueprint 2, baby, on the way
H-O-V-A
I got my mojo back, baby, "Oh, behave"
H-O-V-A
The Blueprint 2, baby, on the way
H-O-V-A
I got my mojo back, baby, "Oh, behave"

Can't y'all see that he's fake, the rap version of T.D. Jakes
Prophesizin' on your CD's and tapes
Won't break you a crumb of the little bit that he makes
And this is with whom you want to place your faith?
I put dollars on mine, ask Columbine
When the Twin Towers dropped, I was the first in line (It's real)
Donatin' proceeds off every ticket sold
When I was out on the road, that's how you judge Hov, no?
Ain't I supposed to be absorbed in myself?
Every time there's a tragedy, I'm the first one to help
They call me this misogynist
But they don't call me the dude to take his dollars to give gifts at the projects
These dudes is all politics, depositin' checks
They put in they pocket, all you get in return is a lot of lip (Yap, yap, yap)
And y'all buy the shit, caught up in the hype
'Cause the nigga wear a kufi, it don't mean that he bright
'Cause you don't understand him, it don't mean that he nice
It just means you don't understand all the bullshit that he write (The fuck is you sayin'?)
Is it Oochie Wally Wally or is it One Mic?
Is it Black Girl Lost or shorty owe you for ice?
I've been real all my life, they confuse it with conceit
Since I will not lose, they try to help him cheat
But I will not lose, for even in defeat
There's a valuable lesson learned, so it evens up for me
When the grass is cut, the snakes will show
I gotta thank the little homie Nas for that, though (Haha)
Savin' me the hassle of speakin' to half of these assholes
And I'ma let karma catch up to Jaz-O, whoa
I'm back before you had a chance to miss me
My mama can't save you this time, niggas is history
Who you know flow vicious as me?
Yet so religiously, that's why they call me Hov'
I get the spoils 'cause the victor is me (Me, nigga)
You're an actor, you're not who you're depicted to be
You street dreamin', all y'all niggas livin' through me
I gave you life when niggas was forgettin' you emcee
I'm a legend, you should take a picture with me
You should be happy to be in my presence, I should charge you a fee
I'm Big Dog, Glenn Rob, listen, God, you a flea
And the little homie Jungle is a garden to me
What's the problem, B? You not as hard as me
Nigga, hard as we, nigga, R-O-C, nigga
That's why they follow me
They feel my pain and my agony, nigga
I won't rest 'til you on one knee
You want war, then it's war it's gon' be, nigga
Until you on one knee
You want war, then it's war it's gon' be, nigga
H-O-V-A
The Blueprint 2, baby, on the way
H-O-V-A
I got my mojo back, baby, "Oh, behave"
H-O-V-A
The Blueprint 2, baby, on the way
H-O-V-A
I got my mojo back, baby, "Oh, behave"27Embed
Deliver me from my enemies, oh God
Defend me from all that rise up against me
Deliver me from the work of iniquity
And save me from the Bloody Men

Look, mind state of a gangster from the 40s
Meets the business mind of Motown's Berry Gordy
Turned crack rock into a chain of 40/40's
Sorry, my jewelry's so gaudy
Slid into the party with my new pair of Mauris
America, meet the gangster Shawn Corey
"Hey, Young World," wanna hear a story?
Close your eyes and you can pretend you're me
I'm cut from the cloth of the Kennedys
Frank Sinatra having dinner with the Genovese
This is the genesis of a nemesis
Mother America's not witnessed since
The Harlem Renaissance birthed Black businesses
This is the tale of lost innocence
As the incense burn
And the turntables turn and that Al Green plays
I see my mother's afro
As Mama taps her toes, as she rolls her J's
And my papa just left the house
In search of the killer of my Uncle Ray
And she's trying to calm her nerves
As I observe, this is just one day
And what tomorrow has in store, we can never be sure
So all we can do is pray
You might also like
Because of your strength
While I walked upon thee
For God is my defense
Pray for me!

As I head to my homeroom
I observe the ruins, dope needles on the ground
I hear a car go, "Vroom"
Drug dealer in the BM with the top down
As the girls start to giggle
I ask, "Why you laugh?" They say, "You're too little"
"One day, you'll understand when you become a man
About things you have to get you"
Fast-forward, freeze-frame on my pistol
Fistful of dollars, ignorance is so blissful
I didn't choose this life, this life chose me
Around here, it's the shit that you just do
I just left school
The same BM is pulled over by the boys dressed blue
They had their guns drawn, screaming, "Just move!" ("Don't move!")
"Or is there something else you suggest we can do?"
He made his way to the trunk, opened it like, "Huh?"
A treasure chest was removed
Cops said he'll be back next month
What we call corrupt, he calls paying dues
Now, when the rules is blurred—
As they is and were—what am I to do?
But pray? Pray the Lord forgive me
Pray He guides me by for what I'm 'bout to go through
Pray
Deliver me in thy righteousness
And cause me to escape
And climb thine air unto me
Save me thine Lord
Pray for me!

Geah... Anywhere there's oppression
The drug profession flourishes like beverages, refreshing
Ahh! Sweet taste of sin
Everything I seen made me everything I am
Bad drug dealer or victim, I beg
What came first? Moving chickens or the egg?
This is why I be so fresh
I'm tryna beat life 'cause I can't cheat death
Treat shame with shamelessness
Aim stainlesses at anuses
You know the game this is?
Move coke like Pepsi, don't matter what the brand name is
I stand behind mine
Everything I do, I'm a man behind mine
I'm not an angel, I'm sure
But every night before I lay, I drop my knees to the floor
And I pray
The name shall endure forever
The name shall be continued as long as the sun
Pray for me!
Men shall be blessed in Him
All nations shall call Him blessed
In Your name, I pray
Pray for me!
Lord bless us6Embed
Yeah (Yo yo yo)
Haha, yeah (Yo yo yo)
Yeah (Yo yo yo)
Show out her wild side, push out her backside (Hov!)

If you with us, throw the diamond up one time (Yo yo yo)
Ladies, if you with us, just grind to the bassline (Yo yo yo)
Homie, don't be scared to grab her from behind (Yo yo yo)
And make her (Show out her wild side, push out her backside)

What the fuck they gon' do with me?
Got money, got broads, got a crew with me
Gorillas, banana clips, I got a zoo with me
Get down or lay down nigga to shoot with me
Now how the fuck they gon' deal with me?
I ain't going nowhere, they gotta deal with me
Got the whole BK ready to kill with me
You scared motherfucker? Keep it real with me
Keep it real with me
Now what the fuck they gon say to me? Got to clap, yi mean?
All day with me, clap, yi mean?
Don't play with me, clap, yi mean?
Stay with me, don't lose me y'all
And please don't confuse me with dawg, I'm different
I bought it back for a living
Thirty-three O's on a chick back like Pippen
Three she can keep for herself and distribute
Thirty-six O's in a ki, you do the addition
Before Mitchell and Ness did it
I was moving birds like a Oriole fitted
I'm Cal Ripken Jr., let's get it
You might also like
If you with us, throw the diamond up one time (Yo yo yo)
Ladies, if you with us, just grind to the bassline (Yo yo yo)
Homie, don't be scared to grab her from behind (Yo yo yo)
And make her (Show out her wild side, push out her backside)
If you with us, throw the diamond up one time (Yo yo yo)
Ladies, if you with us, just grind to the bassline (Yo yo yo)
Homie, don't be scared to grab her from behind (Yo yo yo)
And make her (Show out her wild side, push out her backside)

Honey, what they gon' say to you?
Got your hair did and your favorite shoes
Tell 'em don't play with you
Get 'em away from you, you need a baller like I
Call 'em like I, see 'em like, "Nah"
Move over, y'all amateurs
No, you not balling, that's Pro-Am shit
Oh, stop calling that's ho man shit
Stop falling asleep, that's old man shit
I stands up in it like a champ up in it
Be up in it so long, get my calls transferred in it
No more minute man in it
Get my Soundscan, BDS and Market at Glance in it

If you with us, throw the diamond up one time (Yo yo yo)
Ladies, if you with us, just grind to the bassline (Yo yo yo)
Homie, don't be scared to grab her from behind (Yo yo yo)
And make her (Show out her wild side, push out her backside)
If you with us, throw the diamond up one time (Yo yo yo)
Ladies, if you with us, just grind to the bassline (Yo yo yo)
Homie, don't be scared to grab her from behind (Yo yo yo)
And make her (Show out her wild side, push out her backside)
(What y'all gon do?) You got starch in your flow
I flow too many ways, got a arch in my flow, all sorts of flow
Rembrandt, Rilke, I am art with the flow
Even if I'm guilty, you gotta pardon the flow
Niggas taking it lightly, had to darken the flow
Way I put it together, tear 'em apart with the flow
I'm too smart with the flow, you just started the flow
Stop it youngin, you 106 & Park with the flow
I am pro, as you see, I'm off the charts with the flow
Actually I'm number one on the charts with the flow
In some places they say this, I am God with the flow
Like my office but they're biased, too involved with the flow
Although I am the youth spirit, I am y'all with the flow
Troubled man, dare I say, I am Mar' with the flow
I come up hard but I evolve with the flow
Crossover, slam dunk, Rucker Park with the flow, let's go

If you with us, throw the diamond up one time (Yo yo yo)
Ladies, if you with us, just grind to the bassline (Yo yo yo)
Homie, don't be scared to grab her from behind (Yo yo yo)
And make her (Show out her wild side, push out her backside)
If you with us, throw the diamond up one time (Yo yo yo)
Ladies, if you with us, just grind to the bassline (Yo yo yo)
Homie, don't be scared to grab her from behind (Yo yo yo)
And make her (Show out her wild side, push out her backside)
Yes (Woo) yes (Woo, yo, yo yo yo)
Yes (Woo) yes (Woo, yo yo, yo yo yo)
Yes (Woo) yes (Woo, haha, yo yo yo)
Yes (Bum bum)

Yo yo yo, yo yo yo, yo yo yo
Yo yo yo, yo yo yo, yo yo yo
Oh, oh, oh, yo
Yo yo yo, yo yo yo, yo yo yo
I need a girl right now, yo, I need a girl right now, yo
Yo yo yo, yo yo yo, yo yo yo
I need a girl right now, yo, can I see your backside? Yo
Yo yo yo, yo yo yo, yo yo yo
I need a girl right now, yo, can I see your backside? Yo
I need a girl right now, yo, can I see your backside? Yo
Yo, yo1Embed
Can you hear me now? Good! (Blueprint 2 baby!)
The best of times, it was the worst of times (aoww)
It's "The Gift & the Curse"

R.O.C. yeah, number one clique here
If you represent us, throw them diamonds up YEAH
Now let's be clear, I ain't goin' nowhere
Now that you know, holla at your boy
HOV'.. (Hov', Hov', Hov')
(Hov', Hov', Hov', Hov')

Yeah, Roc-A-Fella Records
You know what diamond is
We ain't goin' nowhere, put your diamonds up

Standin' in my b-boy stance
Free, Beans, Memphis where you at nigga?
(Right here) snatch Cam and it's a wrap
This here rap belong to us, nobody strong as us, it's a fact
Hold up I'm just warmin' up, gimme a second to get it back
Young Chris, Neef what? Oschino and Sparks
Next summer's yo' summer, tear this motherfucker up
Young is eternal, my youngins'll burn you
"The Blueprint" birthed, nigga I earthed you, you can't be serious
Young 'cause I'm thirty-two, dressed like I'm twenty-two
Flow like a 18, do what I wanna do
Goin on my 8th ring, got Phil Jackson's Zen
Flow is black magic, I'm at it again
Rose Gold with black karats, Horse & Carriage to spend
Like Mason Betha, chasin' this cheddar to the end
Of the road because the end I'm told is nearer than we know
What can I say but live for today, HOV'!
You might also like
R.O.C. yeah, number one clique here
If you represent us, throw them diamonds up YEAH
Now let's be clear, I ain't goin' nowhere
Now that you know, holla at your boy
HOV'.. (Hov', Hov', Hov')
(Hov', Hov', Hov', Hov')

Yeah, The Blueprint 2 homie, follow the moves
You put on two tube socks, you couldn't walk in my shoes
I was dealt a bad hand, fuck what else could I do
But keep somethin' up my sleeve that'll help me through
But can you believe, everywhere I'm at, models come through
Cat-fightin', cat-walkin', it happens often
It's true how society don't want me to move
Into the penthouse building with spectacular views
They're like uhh, "He's a menace he could never be a tenant"
I'm like ooh, what's a young nigga to do?
I bring the brothers to the building give a feeling that I don't
Give a fuck we just chillin' watchin' chandelier ceilings high as fuck
Old lady, don't blow my high
'specially if you don't know my life, don't make me bring
Sharpton in it 'cause I'm dark-skinned-ed or
Dude with the 'fro and the Rainbow Coalition, I'ma
Victim of a single parent household, born in a mouse hole
Mousetrap, niggas wanna know
How so, how Jay get up out that, here, yeah
I snatched purses, I per-se-vered, yeah
I had work, fiends purchased, it was clear
I was out there sellin' hope for despair, but stop there
I swear, I only make good from my mouth to God's ears
Had to get out the hood
And I can't justify genocide
But I was born in the city where the skinny niggas die
Born in the city where the skinny niggas ride
And as a skinny nigga I had beef with high size
R.O.C. yeah, number one clique here
If you represent us, throw them diamonds up YEAH
Now let's be clear, I ain't goin nowhere
Now that you know, holla at your boy
HOV'.. (Hov', Hov', Hov')
(Hov', Hov', Hov', Hov')3Embed
Yeah, it's magic
Huh? Jay-Z and Lenny Kravitz
And it's a Heavy D production, you bastards
Come on
Hah, hey yo, stop playing man
This is real serious, huh? (It's the Roc)
Yeah (Yo) yo, let's go

Post Positano, Hov' hanging with Bono
U2 can live like Salvatore Ferragamo
And you too can cool out poolside at the Delano
If you too flow like you was out of your mind yo
'Cause who knew dude that loved apple pies from McDonald's
Would soon be the boss of the Big Apple? Ya know
And who knew dude that played ball for the NBA
Would make a mistake on the who knew estates? Throw it away
Who knew that would be his last shot, who drew up that play?
They giveth and they taketh, life is cruel that way
But even a broken clock is right at least two times a day
You could have turned guns into roses like two times today
Now here's something you gotta say two times to Jay
I got my shades on, waiting for the sun to shine my way
Got my boom box, suntan lotion, waiting for action
They say when you play with skills, good luck could happen
Let's go
You might also like
C'mon (It's the Roc)
C'mon (It's the Roc)
C'mon (It's the Roc)
C'mon (Let's rock)
C'mon!

Things got too hot so I jumped off in this rap shit
You got it criss-crossed, ain't no turning me backwards
Too many District Attorneys concerned with the actions
Of one individual, he's criminally attached
I turned in all my rap chips, I'm earning my bachelors
By dating all the models and actresses
I'm learning all the potholes in every single barrio
Trying not to mess up my axis kid
On the road to the riches through trafficking
Through rapping and whatever's happening
Rocawear, I'm the young black Ralph Lauren
Every time I get out, they pull me right back in
The Michael Corleone of the microphone
The Michelangelo of flow, I paint pictures with poems
I gather no moss like a rolling stone
Case the Grim Reaper visits my home, nigga I'm gone, c'mon

C'mon (It's the Roc)
C'mon (It's the Roc)
C'mon (It's the Roc)
C'mon (Let's rock)
C'mon!
Life is all about guns and roses
Bittersweet like friends and foes is
Some get left behind, some get chosen
Just like life, guns and roses
Life is all about guns and roses
Bittersweet like friends and foes is
Some get left behind, some get chosen
Just like life, guns and roses

Tote more guns than roses, foes is
Visibly shook of the invisible bully (Let's go)
Flowers need water to grow, it gotta rain
In order to experience joy, you need pain
Every time a baby is born, somebody's slain
You know the saying, somebody's loss is another's gain
The sun comes out when the water goes down the drain
A rainbow then the clouds come out, we do it again
Everything evens up, you just wait
Even a garbage can gets a steak
You ain't even a garbage can, you have faith
But when it turns your way, before it turns away
Gotta turn that into something, you gotta learn from Jay
You'll get return on your investment if attention you pay
Let's go
C'mon (It's the Roc)
C'mon (It's the Roc)
C'mon (It's the Roc)
C'mon (Let's rock)
C'mon!

Life is all about guns and roses
Bittersweet like friends and foes is
Some get left behind, some get chosen
Just like life, guns and roses
Life is all about guns and roses
Bittersweet like friends and foes is
Some get left behind, some get chosen
Just like life, guns and roses
Life is all about guns and roses
Bittersweet like friends and foes is
Some get left behind, some get chosen
Just like life, guns and roses (I say yeah!)

Life is all about guns and roses3Embed
What, uh, c'mon.. uh
Keep the change, my nigga, it's too late
(Uh, uh, Young, Neptunes)
It's too late for that
(Young Chris)
Don't gotta to spit that game
Keep the change, my nigga, it's too late for that
(ROC in the building)
Keep the change, my nigga, it's too late for that
(Uh, pimp stroll, pop my collar, hug the block, get dollars)
Keep the change, my nigga, it's too late for that
(Pimp stroll, pop my collar, hug my nuts, bitch holla)

My nigga, please - you ain't signin' no checks like these
My nigga, please - you pushin' no wheels like these
My nigga, please - you ain't holdin' no TECs like these
My nigga, please - you don't pop open vests like these
(My nigga please, uh-huh, uh)
(This my world, pimp stroll, let's do this)

Nigga please, you ain't start out from your trunk
Then reach the roof, just to put your roof in your trunk
Nigga please, chumps don't tour like us
You on the road a million hours, I fly over your bus
Nigga please, you ain't got your neck all froze
With the same logo that you got sketched on your clothes
Nigga please, you don't be getting no hoes
With La Perla on they cheeks, can't be messin with cheap chicks
Nigga please, you seldom seen with chicks in 7 jeans
Manolo Blahnik, I'm goin through they body like an ultrasonic
You ain't got 'em blowin no chronic
Divine intervention, y'all can't prevent me from shinin
Nigga please, I been around the world
I damn near beat Jordan in around-the-world
Nigga please, you can't even hold my shoes
I got wannabes who wanna be me that sound better than you
You might also like
My nigga, please - you ain't signin' no checks like these
My nigga, please - you pushin' no wheels like these
My nigga, please - you ain't holdin' no TECs like these
My nigga, please - you don't pop open vests like these

Ahhh! Pimp strollin' on 'em
Black diamonds, rose goldin' on 'em, paper foldin on 'em
Snuck pass the dog noses with the Folger's on 'em
Keys, Saran Wrap with petroleum on 'em
Snitch got pinched but he told it on him
Lawyers got it adjourned, 'til I squeeze 'em on him
There's no witnesses, it's no holdin on him
Just George Jefferson strollin' on 'em, uhh
Nigga please, this is me, this is real as it be
My, videos is like Real TV
That chick, that's me, that 6, that's me
That boat, I had it on the Mediterranean sea
Nigga please

My nigga, please - you ain't signin' no checks like these
My nigga, please - you pushin' no wheels like these
My nigga, please - you ain't holdin' no TECs like these
My nigga, please - you don't pop open vests like these
Yo, yo
Nigga please, y'all ain't seein no checks like these (no)
Y'all don't run up in record labels demandin respect like we
Y'all don't rock your Roc-A-Wear Nike checks like we
Y'all coach class, y'all never private jet like we
My nigga please, y'all don't smoke the sour diesel like us
You don't go to Pop and get ya flour cheaper than us
Knock it off in three hours and repeat it like us
And repeat it we must, y'all don't re-up like us
Ay, y'all ain't bein like us, 'cause y'all don't see it like us
They move the D's when they rush
My nigga please, they must be on E's and dust
Them niggas F'in with pills, y'all don't get G's like us
My nigga please, y'all young'ns ain't got O.G.s like me
B. Sig, Young Hov', Dame Dash, Kareem
Nigga please, somebody must've gassed your team
Think a nigga outrun or outlast gangrene (GangGreen)
My nigga please

My nigga, please - you ain't signin' no checks like these
My nigga, please - you pushin' no wheels like these
My nigga, please - you ain't holdin' no TECs like these
My nigga, please - you don't pop open vests like these
Amazin man, got your Elvis soul
I made my money! I don't trouble the law
I keep the womens around
I drive the gremlins crazy
You wanna know the time?
Better have your shades, see
My nigga please

My nigga, please - you ain't signin' no checks like these
My nigga, please - you pushin' no wheels like these
My nigga, please - you ain't holdin' no TECs like these
My nigga, please - you don't pop open vests like these3Embed
Catch up, niggas

Damn you fadin' 'em Hov', how you gave 'em that?
Audemar Piguet with the alligator strap
Sick of y'all niggas with ya Now and Later raps
Rap about it now, hope you get it later
Do a couple shows, hope you niggas is savin' up
(I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON)
But this particular watch be a one of one
That means none before it, none to come
The homie that's rappin' be the only one that has it
(I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON)
You ain't heard? I push the six when the fives is out
You can't fight me, in the Porsche I'll box you out
(I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON)
We don't drive X5s we give 'em to baby-mammas
Push the big top that shaped like a Kansas chicken snack box
I get it crackin' when I'm backin' out the garage
A 360 drop Ferrar', shutdown manhattan
Bucket low, like fuck it, though
Nikes on, daytime, lights on, hell yeah I'm frontin' but you love it, though
(I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON)
Nigga I'm a check writer, you're royalty receivers
Y'all eatin' off Per Diem, on the low like a caesar
Pay ya taxes, y'all niggas hustlin' backwards
I cop and crash whips, Jay is a bastard
(I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON)
How you want it, my jeans is 300
These ain't Diesel, nigga, these is Evisu
Top is Roc, you know the rest
A big bucket of frozen water on my chest
(I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS SON)
Listen man, get a crate, some crack, and some house slippers
A newspaper, look out boy, and get ya chips up
Or get a gun, a mask, an escape route
Some ducktape'll make 'em take you to the house
And ma don't give him nothin', unless he's treatin' you special
Soon he'll get desperate, and go down and bless you
And when he come up for air, with a mouth full of hair
Just grab your coach bag and get the fuck outta there, yeah
(I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS HON)
Look, think big, fuck gettin' your nails done
Think cars, cribs, jewels, some shit for your son
Don't let 'em give you, hard dick and bubble gum
Make him cop the Lex bubble, 2001 hon
(I'LL SHOW YOU HOW TO DO THIS HON)
And if your man got you baggin' up, it could be worse
Just put a little in the baggy, put a little in the purseYou might also like1Embed
Please believe that, some how, some way
We gotta make it up out the hood some day
Some how, some way
We gotta make it up out this life, c'mon
Some how, some way
We gotta make it up out the hood some day
Some way
We gotta make it up out this life

Whether we dribble out this motherfucker
Rap metaphors and riddle out this motherfucker
Work second floors, hospital out this motherfucker
Some how we gotta get up out this motherfucker
Some day the cops'll kill a muh'fucker
I don't always wanna be this drug dealing muh'fucker, damn
Wish I could take us all
On this magic carpet ride through the sky
I, used to play the hall and fifth floor
Me and my boys, we all poor, getting high
I, seen the worst of the worst
I deserve every blessing I received, I'm from the dirt
I, planted my seed on unfertile land
Myrtle Park, Marcy, Flushing and Nostrand
And, still I grew
Some how I knew that the sun'll shine through and
Touch my soul, take hold of my hand
Look man, a tree grows in Brooklyn
You might also like
Some how, some way
I gotta make it up out the hood someday
Some how, some way
I gotta make it up out this life, c'mon
Some way
I gotta make it up out this hood some day

To Lil' Nell, Sigel Street, I ain't forget you
Twenty niggas on the block tryna chase that buck
Nosey neighbors and haters keep they face on stuck
Cops roll up on the pavement, break the dice games up
Moms smoke, kids can't chase the ice cream truck
Girls fighting over rope, the young boys hype things up
Niggas fighting over coke, the young boys light things up
All the petty ass wars fuck the night scene up
'Member Lil' Eddie draw, man, how he light Mean up?
Then they wonder why we light green up
Back to back steam up, try to relax but I can't, I lean up
Ain't the L or the reefer that steam up (That steam up)
It's my head and I'm stressed to the point I get a fever
Thinking 'bout the block and all the mothers and kids
That can't leave and how the chinks gotta feed 'em
For the rest of they life
Fucking wings, fried vegetable rice
Gotta be kidding, no breakfast, Cap'n Crunch at night
How the kids eating lunch at night?
In they beds all bunched in tight, no less than three or four
You know how it go, two by the foot, two by the headboard
Man I'm getting scared for them (Yeah I know)
That's how I feel for them
We gotta grip of shorties on the block
All they do is smoke weed and drink 40s, cop they lil quarties
Enough to get the latest Roc, newest Glock, old Jordies
Some how, some way
We gon' make it up out this hood one day
Some how, some way
We gon' make it up out this life, yeah
And some how, some way
We gon' make it up out the hood one day
Some way
We gon' make it up out this life

Right here's another lil' story 'bout this clique I claimed
Another chapter based on how I get that game
Just hanging round my neighborhood, bang my street
Sit and watch the passerbys play my sweep
Southside, Sunnyside is the blocks I run
South Acres, South Park, niggas all got guns
Over here we got this code Charlie, get that there
We know tomorrow ain't a promise so we get that now
Fuck sitting in the living room, guarding the steps
Working inside a smoke house, starving to death
Serving these niggas flippers, quarter-ounces and jippers
Agents snapping your picture, neighbors plotting to get ya
Situations a critic, I was out here be getting it
Living it like a savage 'cause nigga I gotta have it
They holding back on a motherfucker, I'm in it for the haul dawg
Erase enough to walk it down and fuck it all y'all
The Lord be a-willing and the creek don't rise
I'ma be a nigga and these streets gon' rise
(Some how, some way, some how, some way)
I'ma be a nigga and these streets gon' rise (Some how, some way)
Some how, some way
We gotta make it up out the hood some day
Some how, some way
We gotta make it up out this life, c'mon
Some how, some way
We gotta make it up out the hood some day
Some way
We gotta make it up out this life
3Embed
Geah-geah-geah, geah-geah-geah
Ugh, ugh, ugh-ugh-ugh
Bap!

And we gon' stay hustlin' on that block until we caught (Caught, ugh)
And we gon' stay showin' off that jewelry that we bought (Bought)
And we gon' stay leavin' out the stores with heavy bags (Bags)
'Cause we be poppin' tags (Geah) pimpin', we be poppin' tags!
And we gon' stay hustlin' on that block until we caught (Caught)
And we gon' stay showin' off that jewelry that we bought (Woo)
And we gon' stay leavin' out the stores with heavy bags
'Cause we be poppin' tags, pimpin', we be poppin' tags!
We arose, let's go

"So Fresh, So Clean" like 'Kast
Jay-Z be poppin' tags
Leavin' the mall with heavy bags
You know the boy got a love for the cash
"Aw, fuck, there he go again
Talkin' 'bout hoes and dough again"—yup!
Can't hold it in
I'm surprised I got so much dough to spend
But back when I was poorer then
You wasn't focusing about the dough I spend
But I was holdin' then, I was a roller then
I was a baller back then, all of that, man
Fall back, I bought that
What would you do if you was in my shoes?
Leave dudes in the rearview
V12 engine, corners spinning
Twinkies shinin', pinky ring
Armadale, nigga, stinky-stink
Top down, my cash is up
Gold chain, I don't give a fuck
Gold brain'll get you in the truck, ma
That's right, you in luck, ma
You see me cruisin' down, better step inside
Ain't enough room to fit you all in the ride
First-come, first-served basis
You know Hov' be goin' to nice places
That's right, and I'm droppin' cash
Leave the mall with garbage bags
Gucci this, Prada that
Roll with your boy, you'll be poppin' tags
You might also like
And we gon' stay hustlin' on that block until we caught (Caught, ugh)
And we gon' stay showin' off that jewelry that we bought (Bought)
And we gon' stay leavin' out the stores with heavy bags (Bags)
'Cause we be poppin' tags (Geah) pimpin', we be poppin' tags!
And we gon' stay hustlin' on that block until we caught (Caught)
And we gon' stay showin' off that jewelry that we bought (Woo, uh-huh)
And we gon' stay leavin' out the stores with heavy bags (What else?)
'Cause we be poppin' tags, pimpin', we be poppin' tags!

It's a party when I go up in the store
Shopping while I'm zooted off the dro
Rolling like a nigga that just came up on a mil'
And I got 'em sweepin' and pickin' up tags off the floor
Bag full of clothes, I remember having rocks in the hall
On the corner with the Glock by the balls
Serving up a jab and workin' security 6 to 6
Then it's straight from the block to the mall
Buy what's on the wall, go ahead and treat yourself
When you come up on some cheddar, better pop that tag
Like when I dip off in the Prada then I go up to the lot
And lay the paper down to cop that Jag'
I got a closet full of ammunition and funds
Mink, Rocawear and some guns, Pelle and a fresh pair of Jordans
Dro packs and Bo Jax and Air Maxes; throwbacks and 1's
No max for none
(When I go up in the store, a nigga never get enough)
I'm a baller, if you want it, come and get it now
(Nigga come to a race with a car, you won't catch up)
And the Twista kinda wicked when I spit it now
I be chopping up cheddar with Kanye
Chop a little cheddar up with Jay
Chop it up with the O-to-the-Kizzay
Poppin' big tags with the flow and the dough, we gets busy
And we gon' stay hustlin' on that block until we caught (Caught, ugh)
And we gon' stay showin' off that jewelry that we bought (Bought)
And we gon' stay leavin' out the stores with heavy bags (Bags)
'Cause we be poppin' tags (Geah) pimpin', we be poppin' tags!
And we gon' stay hustlin' on that block until we caught (Caught)
And we gon' stay showin' off that jewelry that we bought (Woo, uh-huh)
And we gon' stay leavin' out the stores with heavy bags (What else?)
'Cause we be poppin' tags, pimpin', we be poppin' tags!
Let me tell you something 'bout me

My throwback game is whiffle-wicked
Saint Patty's Day, green pinstripe
Number 20, Mark Spitz'n'
Jersey, ooh-wee, with the matching New Era fitted
White boys say my style is bitchin'
Keeping coke in the kitchen
Keep a Glock that'll shock and bring the rest
Tucked underneath my Mitchell & Ness
I'm scramblin', handlin' with a .45 cannon
It's tucked in my Marc Buchanan
Extra clips and shells in the lambskin
Two-deep by Pelle Pelle
Westside, holla, Felli Fel
More G's on me than a late-eighties Gucci leather
Worn by the great Rakim himself
Stitch my Dapper Dan
Old man with the gun in hand, I leave your blood squirtin'
No offense, I'll put your face on the chest
Of a sweatshirt drawn by Shirt Kings
I been fucking a hustle, married to a racket
Since the first Air Jordans and Starter jackets
I slept with a package, under mattress
I carry guns heavy, speak easy
Slight with the fighting words
I'll put something hot through your motherfucking Iceberg
Got a project chica named Rica
She keep a purse full of dro, reefer
Small baby-black gat tucked in her Baby Phat
I rock some, roll chief sacks like Daddy Fat
And we gon' stay hustlin' on that block until we caught (Caught, ugh)
And we gon' stay showin' off that jewelry that we bought (Bought)
And we gon' stay leavin' out the stores with heavy bags (Bags)
'Cause we be poppin' tags (Geah), pimpin', we be poppin' tags!
And we gon' stay hustlin' on that block until we caught (Caught)
And we gon' stay showin' off that jewelry that we bought (Woo)
And we gon' stay leavin' out the stores with heavy bags (I'm poppin')
'Cause we be poppin' tags, pimpin', we be poppin' tags!

Pop tags in reverse, you'll be needin' a nurse
Leave you laying on your back in a Cadillac hearse
Now your mama in all-black with a matchin' purse
I know you wanna blow up, but a funeral hurts
What's worse, you can hit the mall and ball 'til you fall
Have to make a collect call 'cause your cell cut off
Trot to the mailbox 'pecting a check but the mail's run short
No more MD, DD, LD
That means "Movie Date," "Dinner Date," "Lunch Date," help me
Please, my cheese is gone
Long bread to the short bread, word is bond
Meticulously pimp-ously serve the song
Act a damn donkey like the pilgrims
When they popped the tag on the Indians' home
Drop top rag-o with the wind going
Chillin', bags in the trunk full of F.A.O. Schwartz for the chil'ens
Spent a few shillings
Sip a few chickens, lick a few kittens, just kidding
A fresh bowl of milk is in the fridge and
Can you pop the tags on the Honeycombs?
Oh now, you acting mad
'Cause the money done slowed down, just a lil bit
Dipped, poked out, did some shull-bit
Actin' like a pitfall, bull-pit, dead game is the pulpit
Leave a motherpumper with his "John Doe" toe-tag clipped
Imperial classic, a lyrical thrashin'
A miracle happenin'
Jay-Z, Killer Mike, and Big Boi rappin' and rhymin' and snappin'
Pop that tag on some of this game
No politics, swallow and keep the change

And we gon' stay hustlin' on that block until we caught (Caught, ugh)
And we gon' stay showin' off that jewelry that we bought (Bought)
And we gon' stay leavin' out the stores with heavy bags (Bags)
'Cause we be poppin' tags (Geah), pimpin', we be poppin' tags!
And we gon' stay hustlin' on that block until we caught (Caught)
And we gon' stay showin' off that jewelry that we bought (Woo)
And we gon' stay leavin' out the stores with heavy bags
'Cause we be poppin' tags, pimpin', we be poppin' tags!13Embed
That old fashioned word
It's a word called love
Called looooove
Called looo-oooo-oooo-oooo-oooo-ove

Oh, this must be the way the nigga Pac felt when he made
Me Against the World, All Eyez on Me
Y'all niggas got me feelin' like all eyes on me, me against the world
Mmm, y'all got me on my shit
Thought niggas would appreciate what I did to this game
Being that I'm flesh of your flesh, blood of your blood
Come from the same hood you come from
We share basically the same stories
Thought niggas would appreciate what I came and did
Since ninety-six, every year
Something must be seriously wrong with the world
I know y'all ain't hating

(Some people hate) Don't tell me niggas is hating
(Some people hate) Uhh, nah, you know what I think?
(Some people hate) I think...
(I think they've lost their minds) Think y'all lost your mind
Y'all got me on my shit
You might also like
Raw, rough and rugged, when addressing the mass public
My attitude is fuck it 'cause motherfuckers love it
Got a chip on my shoulder the size of the Golden Nugget in Vegas
And fuck being famous, I came to get the butters
I came from the gutter, my success in this game
Is sort of like Pro-jectic Justice
A payment for brushes with police officers
A peace offering from the Gods for the streets I was tossed in
Til I'm deceased in a coffin
I'ma be a beast on these beats releasing early and often
Please, your disdain for the brothers ain't gon change the numbers
It's the strengthening of chain among us
Please we ain't afraid of none of ya's; who want it with us?
Ain't nuttin changed since the ninety-six summer, c'mon

(Some people hate) Yeah
(Some people hate) Uh, uh, uh
(Some people hate) Yeah! You know what I think?
(I think they've lost their minds) They say success breeds envy

I guess it's just the penalty of leadership
I guess I'm what niggas wanna be and shit
Or niggas just bored wanna be in shit
'Fore they get to rappin', start believing it, think they Ali and shit
I roll with the punches so I survive
I bob and weave, move my feet from side to side
I'm back, stronger than ever, surprise, surprise
They try to take me out the game but I's alive
It's like a old Negro spiritual, but I mastered Tobey
With a splash of Monster Kody, shoot faster than Kobe, nigga
You bastards know me, the one and only
Big homie from the Roc, I think you pastors lonely
You need Jesus in your life
It's either that or y'all gon' make me
Put the double Desert Eagles in your life, nigga
(Some people hate)
(I know nigga's ain't hating man, let me find out)
(Some people hate) Jealousy is a weak emotion, man
(Some people kill their brothers)
C'mon man, be stronger than that.. you know what I think?
(I think they've lost their minds) You'll be alright though

Au contraire, nigga, I am here 'cause I earned this shit
By riding out when niggas had learners' permit
We bring then knives out or we let them burners spit
I bring them pies out if niggas wanna burn the strip
Bring your rides out, bring your buggy eyes out
Turn your six, I laid back in the Maybach
Nigga this the payback, I know you bitch niggas from way back
Niggas wanna clown, but the pound, it don't play that
Get yourself found drowned where the lake at
Run up on 'em notoriously, take that, take that
And then we coming where your wake at
Eight maniac cats strapped with gats, you can hate that
Face facts, fake rap cats
Can't take back what I took back to the Brook, look

Some people hate
Some people hate
Some people kill their brothers
I think they've lost their minds
And I'm hung up.. ohh..1Embed
I swear to God, I just touched down

All around the world (Oh)
Same song (Oh)
Killer Cali nigga (Same song)
ATL (Oh, same song)
Real-adelphia (Oh)
Dude it's (All around the world)

London, England, South of France
And all points between, they know about your man
Konichiwa ladies when I'm out in Japan
I'm a Tokyo Giant like Ichiro, I am
Piss poor nigga from the hood but I blew
Now I bounce six-fours up and down Crenshaw
Spot me the hotel, the Cap' or Capri
Bathrobe, slippers in the lobby like "Oui"
Your man'll stand manta ray, handlin' a steak
And handlin' a model standin' 'bout 5'8"
5'9", fine wine, fine dine, either that
Or I'm mixin' in Switzerland tryna buy time
Ballin' out in Bali when it's gorgeous out in Cali
Brunchin' at the Four Seasons off the heezy
Then it's back home nigga, back to the zone
Nigga back to the books to the rhymes that took me
You might also like
All around the world
Same song (Same song)
Brooklyn bombers (Same song, same song)
Detroit players (Oh, same song)
Chi-Town (Hey, all around the world)

Said it's all love, Shore Club, M-I-A
Party at Bungalow 8 when I stay
Pool look like a hundred Beyoncés
A couple fiancés, I'm the new DeVante
Come and talk to me mami in the Yves Saint
Laurent, I hope she ain't too young (Woo)
Only twenty-one and older, let another nigga mold her
I'm just tryna show her how a baller and a roller
Sleep one place, tell the pilot keep the engine
Runnin' then I wake up in Martha's Vineyard
St. Bart's this year I think I'm gon' spend Christmas
Reminiscin' 'bout the time my mom couldn't spend Christmas
Now I'm gon' send her on her own little wish list
Anywhere in the world, anywhere for my girl
Forever my lady, blind, crippled and crazy
A ticket and your favorite CD, sweet Sadie

Sadie (Sadie)
Don't you know I love you, sweet Sadie? (I love you, Sadie)
All around the world
Said it ain't, "Where you from?" Yo it's, "Where you at?"
Real niggas out in Brooklyn, some niggas don't clap
It's real killers out in Cali, some niggas just act
Hollywood like they out the hood, it's all to the good
Real players in the D-Twa, some of them throwed
Slackin' or they mackin', rest haven for hoes
Real pranksters in the Chi, most of them real folks
Disciplined Gangsters, come on Charlie, I know
Shit, it ain't about your city or borough
It's 'bout if you really as thorough and if you are, holla at your boy
I put my hand on my heart, that means I feel you
Real recognize real and you lookin' familiar
I'm a Bed-Stuy nigga but I do it to death
I promise I'm in St. Thomas homie eatin' at Chef's
112, ATL, the sun up yet?
Then we party like the sun don't set

We gon' take you all around the world
It's the same song (Same song)
Everywhere (Same song)
It's the same song (Same song)
We gon' take you all around the world
Same song (Same song)
Same song (Same song)
Same song (Same song)
All around the world
Oh, oh, hoo, hoo, hoo-hoo
All around the world
Same, same, same song, song, song, song7Embed
Oh yeah, uh-oh
Y'all know who it is (He's back)
Young!

If you with me, throw the diamond up one time
Ladies, if you with me (Woo), just grind to the bassline (Come on)
Niggas, don't be scared to grab her from behind
And make her show out her wild side, stick out her backside

Now what the fuck they gon' do with me?
Got money, got broads, got a crew with me
Real as banana clips, I got a zoo with me
Get down or lay down, nigga, to shoot with me
Now how the fuck they gon' deal with me?
I ain't going nowhere, they gotta deal with me
Got the whole BK ready to kill with me
You scared, motherfucker? Keep it real with me, keep it real with me
Now what the fuck they gon' say to me?
Got to clap, ya mean? All day with me, clap, ya mean?
Don't play with me, clap, ya mean?
Stay with me, don't lose me, y'all
And please don't confuse me with dog, I'm different
I bought it back for a living
Thirty-three O's on a bitch back like Pippen
Three she can keep for herself and distribute
Thirty-six O's and a ki', you do the addition
Before Mitchell and Ness did it
I was moving birds like a Oriole fitted
I'm Cal Ripken Jr. let's get it
You might also like
If you with me, throw the diamond up one time
Ladies, if you with us, just grind to the bassline
Homie, don't be scared to grab her from behind
And make her show out her wild side, poke out her backside
If you with us, throw the diamond up one time
Ladies, if you with us, just grind to the bassline
Homie, don't be scared to grab it from behind
And make her show out her wild side, stick out her backside

Mami, what they gon' say to you?
Got your hair did and your favorite shoes
Tell 'em don't play with you, get 'em away from you
You need a baller like I, call 'em like I
See 'em like, "Nah"
Move over, y'all amateurs
No, you not balling, that's Pro-Am shit
Oh, stop calling, that's ho-man shit
Stop falling asleep, that's old man shit
I stands up in it like a champ up in it
Be up in it so long, get my calls transferred in it
No more minute man in it
Get my SoundScan, BDS, and Marketing plans in it

If you with me, throw the diamond up one time
Ladies, if you with us, just grind to the bassline
Homie, don't be scared to grab her from behind
And make her show out her wild side, poke out her backside
If you with us, throw the diamond up one time
Ladies, if you with us, just grind to the bassline (Line)
Homie, don't be scared to grab it from behind
And make her show out her wild side, stick out her backside (What they gon' do?)
You got starch in your flow, I flow too many ways
Got a arch in my flow, all sorts of flow
Rembrandt, Rilke, I am art with the flow
Even if I'm guilty, you gotta pardon the flow
Niggas takin' it lightly, had to darken the flow
Way I put it together, tear 'em apart with the flow
I'm too smart with the flow, you just started to flow
Stop it youngin, you 106th & Park with the flow
I am pro, as you see, I'm off the charts with the flow
Actually, I'm number one on the charts with the flow
In some places they say this, I am God with the flow
Like my office, but they're biased, too involved with the flow
Although I am the youth spirit, I am y'all with the flow
Trouble Man, dare I say, I am Mar with the flow
I come up hard but I evolve with the flow
Crossover, slam dunk, Rucker Park with the flow (Young)

If you with me, throw the diamond up one time
Ladies, if you with us, just grind to the bassline
Homie, don't be scared to grab her from behind
And make her show out her wild side, poke out her backside
If you with us, throw the diamond up one time
Ladies, if you with us, just grind to the bassline
Homie, don't be scared to grab it from behind
And make her show out her wild side, stick out her backsideEmbed
Sorry boys
But all the money in the world couldn't bring me back again
Lay down, lay down
Gonna stretch my mic out in Ponce Funeral Home on Marcy
Always knew I'd make a stop there
But a lot later than a whole gang of people thought
The last of the real hustlers, well, maybe not the last
Bleek's gonna be a good rapper
New, improved Jay-Z -- I quit
I'm retiring, ain't enough money in this game to keep me around
Sorry Big, I tried, honest
Can't go with me on this ride though, I'm calling the shots
The bar's closing, where we going to for breakfast?
Roc-A-Fella y'all
OKAY, I'M RELOADED!

"Bringing the drama"
"Trying to come up in the game"
"Marcy"
"Add a couple of dollar signs to my name"
"Roc-A-Fella y'all"
"One of the best!"
"Waiting for my day to come"
"Just give me the word"
You might also like
Nah this ain't Jigga, it's your lil nigga Bleek
Reporting to these motherfuckers live from the street
Game I peeped those, my mind so advanced
At nine I used to geese hoes for Easter clothes
Peep the steez, I represent for all those
With 28 grams, on a come-up trying to creep the keys
Large niggas told me park the car, keep the keys
Find a hoodrat and creep to Mickey D's
First gun two bullets, niggas know I do pull it
Niggas trying to kill me dog, who wouldn't?
Screw Gooden, I pitch in the PJ's
Lit off the EJ, I split Dutchies with my ring finger
You find a bitch that owe me cream, bring her
Last seen with Bing, he got dropped between us
Shit is constant, that's why I pack the
Johnson and Johnson for the nonsense, who wants it?
I go to sleep with a picture of a Porsche on my wall
Man I'm trying to come up on y'all, get one up on y'all
That's why I hustle in these streets from sundown to sunup on y'all
Mama said keep bullshitting they'll kill you dead
One week of this hustling brought a living room set
Went to Tom D's, niggas mad, veins out
Copped the Jordan's, two weeks before they came out
Flashy, fly little nigga
Nosy bitch from the third floor like "Why little nigga?"
Bitch please, twist the trees
Took a long pull, like bitch to breathe
That's my answer, life's like cancer
And I'm serious
"Waiting for my day to come"
"Just give me the word"3Embed
Uh-huh, uh-huh
G-Geah, g-geah
Roc-A-Fella y'all
Uh-huh uh-huh, Jigga
Timbaland shit, nine-eight, biatch!
Say what, say what?
Uh-huh, uh-huh, follow me, biatch!

Nigga, what?
Nigga, who? (Y'all niggas can't fuck with me)
Nigga, what (Get ready, yo)
Nigga, who?
Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit, though
Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit though
(Uh-huh uh-huh, yeah, yeah)

Motherfuckers wanna act loco
Hit 'em with numerous shots with the fo'-fo'
Faggots wanna talk to po-po's, smoke 'em like coco
Fuck rap, coke by the boatload
Fuck that, on the run-by, gun high, one eye closed
Left holes through some guy clothes
Stop your bullshit, Glock with the full clip
Motherfuckers better duck when the fool spit
One shot could make a nigga do a full flip
See the nigga layin' shocked when the fool hit
Oh, hey ma, how you? Know niggas wanna buy you
But see, me? I wanna fuck for free like Akinyele
Take this ride, make you feel it inside your belly
If it's tight, get the K-Y Jelly
All night, get you wide up inside the telly
Side to side 'til you say, "Jay-Z, you're too much for me."
You might also like
(Nigga, what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga, who?) Recognize girl, Jay to the Z
(Nigga, what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga, who?) Recognize girl, Jay to the Z
(Nigga, what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga, who?) Recognize girl, Jay to the Z
(Nigga, what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga, who?) Recognize bitch, Jay to the motherfuckin' Z

Got a condo with nothin' but condoms in it
The same place where the rhymes invented
So all I do is rap and sex—imagine how I stroke
See how I was flowin' on my last cassette?
Rapid-fire like I'm blastin' a TEC, never jam though
Never get hot, never run out of ammo
Niggas hatin' and shit 'cause I slayed your bitch
You know your favorite, I know it made you sick, and now you
Actin' raw, but you never had war
Don't know how to carry your ho, wanna marry your ho
Now she's mad at me 'cause Your Majesty
Just happened to be a pimp—what a tragedy!
She want us to end 'cause I fucked her friend
She gave me one more chance and I fucked her again
I seen her tears as she busted in
I said, "Shit, there's a draft, shut the door, bitch, and come on in!"
(Nigga what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga who?) Recognize bitch, Jay to the Z
(Nigga what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga who?) Recognize girl, Jay to the Z
(Nigga what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga who?) Recognize girl, Jay to the Z
(Nigga what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga who?) Recognize bitch, Jay to the motherfuckin' Z

Got a vendetta even though I been better
Left him in the cold with a thin sweater
Rap niggas on Prozac get the bozack
Niggas threw two at me, I threw four back, hold that
Let the dough stack
Way before Biggs had the gold Ac', Dame had the Lex black
Motherfuckers wanna test that, stress that
And right where you're stressed at, where you rest at
I suggest that niggas invest in a vest
When I come through with the Glock, jet-black
You niggas step back
I'm the best at, you know I ain't no apprentice to this
Me and my niggas, we invented the shit
I came into the business with this
The Originator, none greater, Jaz-O, finish this shit!
Better learn, Jaz'll relax that, ever heard of me?
Worldwide Originator, say word to me
The population holla, "Certainly"
I burn a nigga like a third degree
See me shine so bright
Nigga, I'm my light, runnin' rulin' with rigor and vigor
Nobody bigger than me and my nigga Jigga
You fly-by-night, stop chirpin' B
Heavyweight's light work for me
For the time in this motherfucker ain't nobody hurtin' me
What, cut your face in like surgery
Who the fuck got a VS
Fuckin' BM's on the road
When you had to be in bed at the PM
Need the info, Jaz on the C-N-N
Forever touchin', my work is beginnin', you’re endin'
Nigga, your style's no style, my style's hostile, c'mon
Faggot nigga, down to take the gun home
The o-ri-gi-na-tor!
(Can't fuck with it, can ya?!)

(Nigga what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga who?) Recognize bitch, Jay to the Z
(Nigga what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga who?) Recognize bitch, Jay to the Z
(Nigga what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga who?) Recognize bitch, Jay to the Z
(Nigga what?) Make you think you can fuck with me
(Nigga who?) Recognize bitch, Jay to the motherfuckin' Z

Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit though
Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit though
Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit though
Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit though
Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit though
Spit your flow, get your dough
Can't fuck with this Roc-A-Fella shit though18Embed
Ugh
Picture all the possibilities
Okay!
Picture all the possibilities
Oh! This is so soulful! Okay
Sounds like a love song
Sounds like a love song
Haha! Most incredible, baby
Yeah yeah
Ugh, ugh, ugh, ugh
Ugh, ugh

Ugh, I can't see 'em coming down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
I can't see 'em coming down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry

Good dude, I know you love me like cooked food
Even though you know I gotta move like a crook move
We was together on the block since free lunch
We should've been together having Four Seasons brunch
We used to use umbrellas to face the bad weather
Now we travel first class to change the forecast
Never in bunches, just me and you
I loved your point of view because you held no punches
Still, I left you for months on end
It's been months since I checked back in
I'm somewhere in a small town, locking the mall down
Woodgrain, four and change, Armor All'd down
I can understand why you want a divorce now
Though I can't let you know it, pride won't let me show it
Pretend to be heroic, that's just one to grow with
But deep inside, you know I'm so sick, right?
You might also like
I can't see it coming down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
I Can't see it coming down your eyes
Gotta make the song cry, uh-huh
I know, I see it coming down your eyes
But I gotta make the song cry
I can't see it coming down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry

On repeat, the CD of BIG's "Me and My Chick"
Watching Bonnie and Clyde, pretending to be that sh—
Empty gun in your hand, saying, "Let me see that clip"
Shopping sprees, pull out that Visa quick
You know I got very bad credit, you helped me lease that whip
You helped me get the keys to that V-dot-6
We was so happy poor, but when we got rich
That's when our signals got crossed, and we got flipped
Or rather, mines, I don't know what made me leave that sh—
Made me speed that quick; let me see... that's it
It was the cheese, helping chickens get amnesia quick
I used to cut up they buddies, now, they saying they love me
Used to tell they friends I was ugly and wouldn't touch me
Then, I showed up in that dubbed out buggy
Then it got fuzzy, and they don't remember that
And I don't remember you, you, you, you
Can't see it coming down my eyes
But I gotta make that song cry
I can't see it coming down my eyes
But I gotta make the song cry
Oh yeah, I see 'em coming down your eyes
But I gotta make the song cry
I can't see it coming down my eyes
But I gotta make the song cry

A face of stone, was shocked on the other end of the phone
Word back home that you got a special friend
So what was oh-so-special, then?
You have given away without getting at me
That's your fault! How many times you forgiven me?
How was I to know you was plain sick of me?
I know the way a nigga living was wack
But you don't get a nigga back like that!
Look, I'm a man with pride, you don't do sh— like that
You don't just pick up and leave and leave me sick like that
You don't throw away what we had just like that
I was flirting with them girls, I was gon' get right back
They say you can't turn a bad girl good
But once a good girl's gone bad, she's gone forever
I mourn forever
Man, I gotta live with the fact I did you wrong forever
I can't see it coming down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
I can't see it coming down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
Oh yeah, I see it coming down your eyes
But I gotta make the song cry
I can't see it coming down my eyes
But I gotta make the song cry

Let's break it down
This song right here is for real, for all the hustlers, right?
Had a girlfriend...
And, uh... he started off
Their whole relationship started off, you know...
He did what he had to do for them, you know what I mean?
But along the way, he got lost
Fast cars, fast money, you know the lifestyle
Trust me, he's right here
Alright
Do believe it, on the real son
Ugh, yeah

Can't see it coming down my eyes
But I gotta make the song cry
Can't see it coming down my eyes
But I gotta make this song cry
Oh yeah, I see 'em coming down your eyes
But I gotta make the song cry
I can't it coming down my eyes
But I gotta make the song cry

Cry (Ugh, ugh)
Oh, whoa, whoa (Ugh)
I said I love you (Ugh)
I said I needed you (Ugh)
Oh, oh, ooh
I got lost for a second, I ain't gonna lie
Oh!
I was in my own thoughts, for real

Alright let's get it all the way to ten, where my man Dame
Dame over there?
I know Dame over there somewhere
Where you at
You gotta stand up for this
We breaking the rules
Camera blocking smamera smocking
I gotta bring up one of the most hottest producers in the last two years he's been on fire, he's always been doing his thing but he's really been on fire. I wanna bring my man Pharrell up, come up Pharrell. I found my man Dame too. Pharrell you wanna help me out on this one?
This man right here is the producer behind the next joint, like 150 new ones on the radio right now
Yeah man you gotta dance, we gonna dance too
Let's go y'allEmbed
Come on... life... death...
Here... gone... yo

If I should die, don't cry, my niggas
Just ride, my niggas, bust bullets in the sky, my niggas
And when I'm gone don't mourn, my niggas
Get on, my niggas
When it's real say word to Shawn, my niggas
If I should die...

Don't cry, my niggas, it's been one hell of a ride, my niggas
In the middle of the drought, I flipped pies, my niggas
I did joints with Mary J. Blige, my niggas
I've eluded the coppers, got booted with Big Poppa
Skated through with the Caesar picadas
At high school got head by the lockers
Gassed the baddest girl in the class to show me her knockers
Rocked jewels, dropped school, still didn't fail
Rhymes still written well, hold court in the street
Never sit in the cell for a second then I'm gettin' my bail
Shoot it out with the bounty hunters
Fuck sittin' in the county for summers if they should down me
Everybody around us become one for that day
To live life get your shit right and play
Don't get it twisted like braids, if I'm missed it's okay
But life's short, don't miss a day, uhh
You might also like
If I should die, don't cry, my niggas
Just ride, my niggas, bust bullets in the sky, my niggas
And when I'm gone don't mourn, my niggas
Get on, my niggas
When it's real say word to Shawn, my niggas
If I should die...

... don't cry, my niggas
It's been one hell of a ride, my niggas
Say word to Wais, my niggas
When I'm gone don't mourn, my niggas
Just keep gettin' it on, my niggas
Say word is bond, my niggas

I got a lot to look back on, in '88 got my crack on
Ten years later gettin' my rap on
Gettin' shorties like a thespian
Had an episode with two lesbians, got a fetish for that
Drunk ginseng with Japanese chicks and pulled the root out
Squeeze my whole clip to survive shootouts
Been on both coasts, fired all kinds of heat
Probably be kinda glad to leave these mean streets
I got de-mands to meet and questions to fulfill
Like is that mystery God real?
And how was Kennedy killed?
I ain't mad, I must've smoked a ton of reefer
Sipped Coronas with Latifah, broke the code of Geneva
I know when I reach the other side I'ma see the
Cat I had beef with who blood remains on my sneaker
Then it's on again, if I could be born again
I live my life through my son
And tell him never have a friend
Just family, reincarnated I'll shorten the time
That I waited to get paid, tell him never be afraid
Niggas hearts pump Kool Aid and yo' blood run thicker
Never shed tears, cry liquor, my nigga
If I die don't cry, my niggas
It's been one hell of a ride, my niggas
Say word to Wais, my niggas
When I'm gone don't mourn, my niggas
Just keep bangin' these songs, my niggas
Say word is bond, my niggas
If I die...

... don't cry my niggas
Just stay gettin' high, my niggas
Don't wonder why, my niggas
When I'm gone live on, my niggas
Just follow my path, my niggas
Say word to Half, my nigga

I'm the aftermath of pleasure never die alone
Born to live forever through life's struggles
I cut corners and took drastic measures
Seen niggas life expire right in front of me
Time could never mend what these cold streets
Mentally done to me, too often, I close my eyes
And see my own coffin feelin' haunted
Ready to leave this world that I'm lost in
My only chance to see the seeds I lost through abortion
When I'm gone y'all niggas better not mourn, keep flossin'
As long as my name lives on what's most important
I'll be down in hell scorchin' preparin' for life
Afterlife still torchin' and blazin' these mics
It'd rain for 40 days and 40 nights
And I'd return on the 3rd like Christ
(Without my physical portion)
My spirit a poltergeist for sure
I'll be back through the Heights tomorrow
Blood over y'all fake niggas door
What you thought, huh?
What you thought, nigga?
If I should die don't cry, my niggas
Just stay gettin' high, my niggas
Don't wonder why, my niggas
When I'm gone live on, my niggas
Just follow my path, my niggas
Say word to Half, my nigga
When I die...

... don't cry, my niggas
It's been one hell of a ride, my niggas
Say word to Wais, my niggas
When I'm gone don't mourn, my niggas
Just keep gettin' it on, my niggas
Say word is bond, my niggas
If I die...

... don't cry, my niggas
Just ride, my niggas, bust bullets in the sky, my niggas
And when I'm gone don't mourn, my niggas
Get on, my niggas
When it's real say word to Shawn, my niggas
If I should die...

I'd tell Big they're still hearin' his songs
Run into Pac ask him where we went wrong
Tell him life is miserable when ya dealin' in the physical form
Is everything that's invisible gone?
I need to know, will I still feel pain or will it be ironic?
Will I chill in the flames for all the ills of my brain?
Can I re, veal the game to all the hustlers
Trapped in the race and if so can I leave this place?
Can I puff cigars and drink Cristal?
If this is heaven to me is this considered heavenly?
Can I still touch lives, answer their "whats and whys"
Make sure everybody in my fam' clutch five?
If I should die... don't cry, my niggas6Embed
{*Woman screamin' in pain*.. cops yellin' "Go! Go! Go! Go!"}
{*Police sirens*}

Think there's been a murder-errra-ahhh-hahh-ahhh
I ahh, think there's been a..
I.. I think there's been a..
Think there's been a murder-errra-ahhh-hahh-ahhh
I ahh, think there's been a..
I.. I think there's been a..

I hustle from, night to morning, dawn to dusk
Kidnap and robberies like, (c'mon nigga) "You goin' with us"
I held roundtable meetings so we could go on and discuss
Not only money but all the emotions goin' through us
Why we don't cry when niggas die, that's how the street raised him
Look in the air, say a prayer (hail Mary), hopin' God forgave him
Cop liquor, twist it, tap it twice, pour it to the pavement
We live dangerous, often findin' ourself in the eyes of strangers
(Who the fuck is you?) My dream is big and in it my team is rich
As seen through the eyes of a nigga who ain't seen shit
Back to live action, I'm packin', I'm still in the mix
Like new hits, I think I'm goin' over your head a lil' bit
But I let you know I changed names when I roam through town
Stay free and be who I'm professional known as now
Jay-motherfuckin'-Z; and with that said
Back to Shawn Carter the hustler, Jay-Z is dead, and I ahh
You might also like
Think there's been a murder-errra-ahhh-hahh-ahhh
I ahh, think there's been a..
I.. I think there's been a..
Think there's been a murder-errra-ahhh-hahh-ahhh
I ahh, think there's been a..
I.. I think there's been a..

My infatuation with autos led to autos gettin' sprayed
Houses gettin' broken in, quarters gettin' trayed
Bricks gettin' chopped, mom's pots gettin' used
One thrown in that water, try the soda if there's two (bring it back)
Expensive shoes worn, Louis Vuitton seats, roof gone
Coke cheap, my face is like a coupon
I gotta do Shawn, 'cause even when Jay-Z was lukewarm
I was gettin' my loot on, nigga I'm too strong
Eat 'til the food's gone, they placed me on this earth
The twin brother of Rich Porter, separated at birth
I got the soul of a hustler, quiet noise like a muffler
Fuck with us, walk through the ghetto
See the place that corrupted us
Learn why we buck at the guys that come up with us
Ain't enough bucks for us to split in this shit
Plus ain't nobody lovin' us; and with that said
Back to Shawn Carter the hustler, Jay-Z is dead, and I ahh
Think there's been a murder-errra-ahhh-hahh-ahhh
I ahh, think there's been a..
I.. I think there's been a..
Think there's been a murder-errra-ahhh-hahh-ahhh
I ahh, think there's been a..
I.. I think there's been a..

See my life is like a see-saw
And until I move this weight it's gon' keep me to the floor
Travel with me through my deep thoughts
Y'all can't learn Jigga by the shit y'all be readin' in The Source
It's deeper of course
Follow the life of this reckless minor
At sixteen in the 600, unlicensed driver
Playin', cops and robbers, like shots can't stop us
Flippin' a bird to the choppers (fuck you coppers!)
Buck-thirty on the turns
Reckless abandon, when I'm standin' on this pedal
Hand on my metal, mind is on this time they tryin' to give me
Lord help me, all I ever wanted to be was wealthy or
Somebody to tell me that they felt me
I tried to play the hand you dealt me
But you gave me five funnies an' shit
I was hungry I needed menage money
Nothin' less than a 520; and with that said
Back to Shawn Carter the hustler, Jay-Z is {*gunshot*}
{Think there's been a murder-errra-ahhh-hahh-ahhh}2Embed
I remove your roof nigga let the sun shine in
Thirty-eight waist, enough to put one nine in
Really a thirty-six without the gun I'm thin
But when the gat is tucked, I'm fat as fuck
Ignorant bastard, I'm takin' it back to day one
No kids, but trust me I know how to raise a gun
For niggas that think I spend my days in the sun
Well here's the shock of your life, the Glock not the mic
Homie I'm not into hype; trust me, I'm still street
You still fuckin' up then trust me I still creep
Yeah I know the platinum chain be lookin' real sweet
But reach and I bury niggas sixty feet deep
S dot Carter turn rappers into martyrs
Separate fathers from their daughters, why bother
I'm a crook like you, I took like you
I disobeyed the law, threw out the book like you
How dare you look at Jigga like I'm shook like who
I keep the fifth with me nigga, come and get me..

COME AND GET ME!
{*gong sounds*} Ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-ka-come..
{*bell rings*} COME AND GET ME! Ka-ka-ka-COME AND GET ME! ..
{*bell rings*} COME AND GET ME! Ka-ka-ka..
{*bell rings*} .. Ka-ka-ka-ka-come
{*bell rings*} .. come and get me COME AND GET ME
You might also like
Don't know what y'all niggas is
Tryin' to do but I don't like it
Yeah, straight gangster shit
Heyyyy, uh-huh-uh-uhh gangster shit
Uhh, straight gangster nigga
Roc..

Yo, the summer's 'bout to get hot
Niggas home from jail and they plottin'
Heard about the watch, the Bentley hard-top
The Continental T, got 'em resentin' me
God I work hard, please don't envy me
I paid the cost to be the boss to floss this hard
I can recall a year ago I almost lost this job
All y'all remember is the part about me parkin' the hard
What about all them days I was walkin' my dogs
Barkin' at broads, but they never hollered back
And if they did all they said was, "Where them dollars at?"
Imagine, bein' skinny growin' up around brolic cats
The quiet assassin demeanor of them college cats
Until I got a gat and loudly start poppin' back
Round the way, niggas called me Bobby Boucher
Now all I hear is whispers of what you gon' do to Jay
How y'all gon' stick me up, take my jewels away
Pull out your gat, car jack me, take my cruise away
Well I got news for y'all fools today, hey..
I got, shots to give, come and get me nigga
Y'all wanna rob the kid? Come and get me nigga
I won't, part with this, come and get me nigga
I worked, hard for this, come and get me nigga
I got, shots to give, COME AND GET ME...
COME AND GET ME...

I made it so, you could say Marcy and it was all good
I ain't crossover I brought the suburbs to the hood
Made 'em relate to your struggle, told 'em 'bout your hustle
Went on MTV with durags, I made them love you
You know normally them people wouldn't be fuckin' witchu
'Til I made 'em understand why you do what you do
I expected to hear, "Jay, if it wasn't for you.."
But instead, all I hear is buzzin' in your crew
How y'all schemin', tryin' to get accustomed to my moves
So y'all could tape my mouth, stake out my house
But I got pride I'm a nigga first
I gotta cock back and pull the trigger first
That's how Jigga work
The funny thing; I represent y'all every time I spit a verse
And that's the shit that hurts
But hey, I got my mind right, got my nine right here
So when y'all feel that the time is right..
I got, shots to give, come and get me nigga
Y'all wanna rob the kid? Come and get me nigga
I won't, part with this, come and get me nigga
I worked, hard for this, come and get me nigga
I got, shots to give, COME AND GET ME...
COME AND GET ME...

Ayo yo, ayo yo
It's only fair that I warn ya, rap's my new hustle
I'm treatin' it like the corner, fuck with me if you wanna
My game change but my mind-frame remains the same
I gotta protect what's mine
Shit I started from nothin'; zero, zip
I made my way hustlin', I don't owe niggas shit
I'm paranoid now, so I keep the gun gripped
Cats I played skelly with? Niggas done flipped
I keep a banger in the ankle, one in the hip
Two in the stash, one come up when I shift
I keep one under the chair where I sit
I even got a gun in the hair in the bun of my bitch
Ask Biggs; every time he'd come to my crib
He'd find another gun that I hid
I'm ready to make this one of the, hottest summer there is
Everyday like a hundred-and-six... shit...

I got, shots to give, come and get me nigga
Y'all wanna rob the kid? Come and get me nigga
I won't, part with this, come and get me nigga
I worked, hard for this, come and get me nigga
I got, shots to give, COME AND GET ME...
COME AND GET ME...
I got, shots to give, come and get me nigga
Y'all wanna rob the kid? Come and get me nigga
I won't, part with this, come and get me nigga
I worked, hard for this, come and get me nigga
I got, shots to give, COME AND GET ME...
COME AND GET ME...

Motherfuckers!5Embed
Well, I'm the ghetto's answer to Trump
I'm cancer to the Hamptons
20 million a wop, ransackin' mansions
Increase the noise pollution, as soon as I land in
Don't even trust uppity white folks
Keep the cannon tuck
Niggas tryin' to lean on Jay, shots gon' stand you up
Glocks gon' pop, y'all not understandin' much
I hustle for the duckets
Well, now I hustle for the rush, like fuck it baby
I just love it
Chicks now say they like the way I thug it
Since my album dropped, my stock grows like I went public
Ladies I love y'all
But I love my freedom more
I love my niggas, love to see them ball
I love Beans and Bleek
Them niggas like my Peter and Paul
My disciples, and that's right we comin' for the title...
Do you believe? It's Hova the GodYou might also like1Embed
Roc-A-Fella
Y'all know what this is
We giving y'all five seconds to put your drink down and report to the dance floor immediately
All the busters: We giving y'all five seconds to get close to a exit
It's about to get real ugly in here
Five seconds is up
Let's go!

(Throw they hands up) Ugh, ugh, ugh
(Throw they hands up) Niggas
(Throw they hands up) Bitches
(Throw they hands up) Busters
(Throw they hands up) Hustlers
(Throw they hands up) Hoes
(Throw they hands up) Boasters
(Throw they hands up) Mack!

You know how Mack come through on the club tip
E'erybody real deep on that thug shit (Uh-huh)
Cop Cris', spray the club, on that thug shit (Uh-huh)
Cop frisks suits, snub in the club quick (Uh-huh)
Told y'all real high (When I come through) (Ugh, ugh)
You can try (If you want to)
You can die (If you want to)
We hitting whores on the floor, whole crew be wild (Yeah)
Bitch, "back that ass up," like Juvenile (Huh)
When my peeps come to spend, a dime apiece (Uh-huh, ugh)
You know Mack come through with a line of freaks (Ugh)
Every bitch on the hip be a nine at least (Uh-huh)
We gettin' head on the floor, while you grindin' freaks
Whole squad get it down like this (Ugh)
Whole squad buyin' rounds of Cris' (Hands up, hands)
Whole squad got they crowns on wrist
Whole squad got a pound to twist (Ugh)
Whole squad got a pound to spit
'Case a clown wanna flip (Buck, buck, buck)
Mack never slip in the club (Yeah)
Told y'all niggas, four-fif' in the club (Buck)
If a nigga wanna draw (Ugh), then, the blood, it can drip in the club (Yeah)
You know how niggas get in the club (Huh)
Shit you know how I be, all high in V-I-P
Rollin' up to B.I.G. ("Baby!")
Niggas be all liquored up, talkin' shit
'Til they man gotta come and pick 'em up (Uh-huh)
Got bitches in the back, bouncing to "Jigga What"
You got your hands up and I ain't even stick y'all up
You might also like
E'erybody, get it up (Throw they hands up)
E'erybody, get it up (Throw they hands up)

12 a.m., on my way to the club (Ugh)
1 a.m., DJ made it erupt (Throw they hands up, uh-huh)
2 a.m., now I'm gettin' with her (Throw they hands up, what up?)
3 a.m., now I'm splittin' with her (splittin' with who?)
4 a.m., at the Waffle House (Throw they hands up, Waffle House)
5 a.m., now we at my house (Throw they hands up, ugh)
6 a.m., I be diggin' her out (Throw they hands up, who?)
6:15, I be kickin' her out (What?)
7 a.m., I'ma call my friends (Throw they hands up, uh-huh)
12 a.m., we gon' do it again (Throw they hands up, ugh)
We gon', we gon', we gon' do it again, let's go (By the way, yo)

How the fuck you gon' talk about emcees on our heel?
When we just cop them things, homie, the chrome-y wheels
Both arms is chunky, the sleeves on chill
Any given times, a hundred G's in your grill
Don't talk to me 'bout emcees got skills
He's all right, but he's not real,
Jay-Z's that deal, with Sigs in the field
Love affair for war—hug, squeeze that steel
Fuck—you got a flow? That's cool with me
You got a little dough? That's cool with me
You got a little cars, little jewelries
But none of y'all muh'fuckers could fool with me
You know the wrist frostbit minus two degrees
'Bout as blue as the sea, the way I maneuver the V
Hat cocked, can't see his eyes—who could it be?
With that new, blue Yankee on—who but me?
Niggas shipped two million, then I blew the three
Then I skated the four 'fore I went on tour
I came back and it's plain: Y'all niggas ain't rappin' the same
Fuck the flow—y'all jackin' our slang
I seen the same shit happen to Kane
Three cuts in your eyebrows, tryna wild out
The game is ours—we'll never foul out
Y'all just better hope we gracefully bow out
Throw your hands up—niggas, bitches, busters
Hustlers, fuck that! (Throw they hands up) C'mon!
12 a.m., on the way to the club (Throw they hands up,uh huh)
1 a.m., 'bout to shake the butt (Throw they hands up, ugh, 'bout to shake the butt)
2 a.m., now I'm checkin' the mink (Ah, yeah, hot-ass bitch)
3 a.m., now he buyin' me drinks (What you drinkin' on?)
4 a.m., exit the club (Throw they hands up, let's go)
5 a.m., think he gettin' some butt (Throw they hands up,that's right)
6 a.m., nigga still ain't bust (What?)
6:15, nigga, we'll get up (Throw they hands up, ugh, I'm out)
7 a.m. gotta tell my friends (Throw they hands up, uh-huh)
12 a.m., I'ma do it again
Ugh, ugh, I'ma do it again
12 a.m., we gon' do it again

Uh-huh-ugh, ugh, ugh (Throw they hands up)
Let's go
12 a.m., on my way to the club
1 a.m., DJ made it erupt
2 a.m., now I'm gettin' with her
3 a.m., now I'm splittin' with her
4 a.m., at the Waffle House
5 a.m., now we at my house
6 a.m., I be diggin' her out
6:15, I be kickin' her out
7 a.m., I'ma call my friends
12 a.m., we gon' do it again
We gon', we gon' (Uh-huh, uh-huh-ugh)
We gon' do it again
Let's go
Throw they hands up6Embed
Jigga Man, Swizz Beatz
History in the making, part three
Lights out ladies!

C'mon here baby, you drive me crazy (where all my baby thugs?)
Don't want nobody but you my baby (and all my ladies sing)
Hold me tight and call me your lady (say it louder)
Make me scream your name
C'mon here baby, you drive me crazy (where all my baby thugs?)
Don't want nobody but you my baby (and all my ladies sing)
Hold me tight and call me your lady
Make me scream your name

I took ya outta Jacob's in clusters
Busters they wanted to rush us
Love the way you sparkle when the sun touch ya
When you blush you turn blue if your grade is right
You can light up the whole room, turning day from night
When the summertime is in and the tops are down
With you around my neck we lock the whole block down (that's right)
It took short sleeves and lounging to understand
The reason they call you ice, everybody freeze
Ain't a pendant in the sun who can shine like you
And that platinum in the charm who can blind like you
The direct reason why niggas do they crimes they do
I used to snatch the necklace right off them reckless fools
Guess I was jealous that they was so next to you
So I devoted half my time to invest in you
The other half was spent on protecting you
'Cause you belong to me, now sing ya song for me
C'mon
You might also like
C'mon here baby, you drive me crazy (where all my baby thugs?)
Don't want nobody but you my baby (and all my ladies sing)
Hold me tight and call me your lady (say it louder)
Make me scream your name
C'mon here baby, you drive me crazy (where all my baby thugs?)
Don't want nobody but you my baby (and all my ladies sing)
Hold me tight and call me your lady
Make me scream your name

I'm often with you, so they wonder 'bout the juice I got
I took you from the projects and an abusive pops
From the bottom to the top
The skateboard to the drop
From the nada to the Prada
I got ya like I got ya
From the first time I put you round my neck and locked ya
It was then I knew everywhere I went you'd follow
Soon I spent every dollar, you became my habit
Other brothers vice was smoke, mines was carats
The more checks I got the more I laced my crew
The rocks got bigger, watch face got blue
Tricked a little bit, shit I lace my boo
Fuck it, my mistress I laced her too
Cop my jewels twice, like déjà vu
If they ever met in the mall, it was over y'all
Just the way I do, and either way you win
I mean the thugs love ya when you're girl's best friend
C'mon here baby, you drive me crazy (where all my baby thugs?)
Don't want nobody but you my baby (and all my ladies sing)
Hold me tight and call me your lady
Make me scream your name (and all my ladies sing)
C'mon here baby, you drive me crazy (where all my baby thugs?)
Don't want nobody but you my baby (and all my ladies sing)
Hold me tight and call me your lady
Make me scream your name

Yeah, yeah, yeah
In the wedding band you love, in the gold chain you thug
Sometimes you given just because
And the tennis bracelet means they want relations
Know that they wanna fuck, the only reason they give you up
In the hands of gold diggers you never enough
Rings, things, just never enough
But me and you together gon' shine to the end
I mean the thugs love ya, but ya girl's best friend

C'mon here baby, you drive me crazy
Don't want nobody but you my baby
Hold me tight and call me your lady
Make me scream your name
C'mon here baby, you drive me crazy (where all my baby thugs?)
Don't want nobody but you my baby (and all my ladies sing)
Hold me tight and call me your lady
Make me scream your name
C'mon here baby, you drive me crazy
Don't want nobody but you my baby
Hold me tight and call me your lady
Make me scream your name5Embed
Who ever thought young Shawn Carter would change the game?
Used to rap to the raindrops off my window pane
Duckin' the plain cops, pushin' endo and 'caine
At the kitchen table, late night, no pen, just my brain
First album, niggas love me 'cause they thought I was poor
Guess I'm successful; industry don't love me no more
Well I'm the same nigga from your corner, bubblin' raw
Skully tilted, pants saggin', damn near touchin' the floor
And I come with doo-rags to your so-called awards
T-shirt with my chain out like fuck y'all all
Retrospect ain't been the same since I lost my dad
He's still alive, but still fuck you, don't cross my path
A&R's had me feelin' like Moss in the draft
So I turned the league out with Reasonable Doubt
Get your CD's out, let's go, song for song
I'm the illest nigga doin it 'til y'all prove me wrong
Do you believe?
It's Hova the God, uhh, uhh, uhh..You might also like2Embed
Yeah, I know you just ripped the packaging off your CD
If you like me you reading the credits right now
If you in your car, I don't care if it's winter
I want you to put all your windows down
Zone out, buckle up, let's go

Hello it's Hova; that's right young'un the wait is over
The new millennium is upon us, the album is here
Before we get into the shit, let's get a few things clear
Rappers with no relation:
There's "Seven Degrees of Separation" and I'm Kevin Bacon
This is the murderer's version
Jigga the shit, even when he rhyme in third person
Hova the God, I should be rapping with a turban
Haters can't disturb him, waiters can't serve him
Mike Jordan of rap, outside Jay working
Now watch how quickly I drop 50
I don't like playing, niggas can't stick me
Niggas can not jam me, niggas can't get me
Slimmy at the Rucker wanna leave and spend with me
I consistently take em out the park like Ken Griffey
Do you believe? It's Hova the God

Makes you think about the people in your life
Then I think about BIG; what'd he say if he was here
He'd say, "Jay, what's it about? What's life about?
If you don't go through as a man's a man"
He'd say, "Suck it up, take the fall, do the time
That's what makes you who you are, makes you what you are"
How many years you been around this thing of ours?
Commission, 125 years
What's it about?
It's about rules, parameters
You take the beating for the friend you don't lay down
You don't betray who you are, what you are
You gotta remember guys like Taj, Chill, Ran, Emory
They don't roar, they don't rap
You know why? That's the rules, you don't break them
You was born to be something I wasn't even supposed to be.. humble
Okay so you humble me now, what you got?
You got a war, you got global war
You got a worldwide crime syndicate now
There's no rules, there's no parameters, there's no feelings
There's no feelings for this game
So.. five, ten years from now
You're gonna wish there was American Commission
Five, ten years from now
They're gonna miss Jay-Z
OKAY, I'M RELOADED!You might also like3Embed
(Alright yeah)
Would ya love me? (Uh-huh, alright)
Would ya hate me? (Watch this yo)
I know ya love me (Alright)
I know ya hate me (Uh Clue)
Would ya love me? (Brand new Duro)
Would ya hate me?
I know ya love me (Feel this yo, uh)

Uh, uh, uh
See me coming through hair done just a slinging my shit
With something Gucci on clinging to my hips
Fronting with the StarTAC ringing in the whip
Icy ears, neck, fingers for years
Got the show wild with the toes out
Shit, I don't fuck with no stingy nigga
I rock Prada, Chanel, and Fendi, nigga
What I'ma do with your little blunts and Henny, nigga?
I'ma Major Coin with a pretty Bentley, nigga
Uh, my niggas will ride for me
You should see all the things they buy for me
Uh, it's obvious how I spend my time
Around ballers all day don't have to spend a dime
Callin' up room service when it's dinner time
Get my tan on in the tropics in the winter time nigga, uh, uh, uh
You might also like
Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop)
Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top)
I know ya love me ('Cause you know we pop 4 Roc)
I know ya hate me ('Cause you know we got shit locked)
Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop)
Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top)
I know ya love me ('Cause you know we pop 4 Roc)
I know ya hate me (And you know we got shit locked)

Ayo, we gon' stop this here
Get this clear the general of the Roc in here
Beanie Sigel, hottest thing on the block this year
Keep the ego, we can bang out ‘til the cops get here
Forget about it, you don't know me, yo stop the stares
I've been about it, pop you then pop ya peers
You know how I do six coupe, top be clear
You know how I play, low-layer Rocawear
Catch Sigel in the kitchen, balloon in the pie
Y'all cats know from whom to buy
Y'all niggas know if y'all cross Mac, y'all soon to die
'Cause you know I bring heat like June and July
Spit like August
I'm the truth, I'm not lying
I'm the reason why Jay feel comfortable retiring
I gotta laugh 'cause y'all work hard at this shit
Think about yo, I just started this shit
Just imagine if I put my heart in this shit
Scary sight, y'all niggas feel me right
God damn yo, I barely write
But every rhyme be in check like a pair of Nikes
Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop)
Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top)
I know ya love me ('Cause you know we pop 4 Roc)
I know ya hate me ('Cause you know we got shit locked)
Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop)
Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top)
I know ya love me ('Cause you know we pop 4 Roc)
I know ya hate me (And you know we got shit locked)

Yo, yo, well I'm gold now
Memph Man, Coming of Age and I'm grown now
Sittin on chrome now
I'm the youngest gun, I get it on with anyone
I've been in 30 beefs, shit, I'm barely 21
Guns I hold 'em like offensive linemen
Bring 'em back to the streets like a brick on consignment
Interlining of the Mark Buchanan
Spark two hammers
Memph Man gold, March, The Understanding

We don't engage in war, we elope
Orange juice style, beat niggas to a pulp
We broke, nigga you just told 3 jokes
Me, Biggs, and Dame we get some things
See the six? Dame's
Me and Biggs live in the Range
Mine's platinum, his Champagne
Niggas whisper 'cause they talk? They gets slain
Y'all's was looking for me on the charts, the bricks came
Left the same night in the morning, the chicks came
I just use rap to put shit in my name
The death's just a matter of time the hit's been arranged
Contracts signed, the shits in your name
Listen lame rap niggas, I'm the king
Motherfuck the ring, mami kiss the chain
I don't got game to waste on y'all
I don't think with my dick or chase my balls
I'm a hustla, hit me with an eighth of raw
And when I get on top, I'ma blaze all y'all
Keep 'em laced some more, I know you want some things
I drink a lot of water, mami come clean
Chicks I pump her then dump her
Cars we got 'em bumper to bumper
Rap niggas, y'all days are numbered
Nobody drop nothin' next summer, yeah
Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop)
Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top)
I know ya love me ('Cause you know we pop 4 Roc)
I know ya hate me ('Cause you know we got shit locked)
Would ya love me? (If we couldn't cop the drop)
Would ya hate me? (If we couldn't drop the top)
I know ya love me ('Cause you know we pop 4 Roc)
I know ya hate me (And you know we got shit locked)

Yeah R-O-C for the 2 triple O
Ya heard me
You are about to witness a dynasty like no other
Beanie Sigel, The General
Amil-lion, Diana Ross of the ROC
Memph Bleek, Young God
Ha, ha
Jigga Man, get ya mind right niggas1Embed
Uh, yo don't get mad at me
I don't love 'em, I fuck 'em
I don't chase 'em, I duck 'em
I replace 'em with another one
You had to see she keep calling me B.I.G
And my name is Jay-Z
She be all on my dick
Gradually I'm taking over your bitch
Coming over your shit
Got my feet up on you sofa, man
I eat a hostess from her open hand
You coming home to dishes and empty soda cans
I got your bitch in my Rover man
I never kiss her, I never hold her hand
In fact I diss her I'm a bolder man
I'ma pimp her, it's over man
(It's over man, it's over man...)

Oh, is that your bitch? Why she all in his six?
With her hand on his dick keep licking her lips
Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride?
With her hand on his thighs keep looking in his eyes
Oh, is that your bitch? You better tell her chill
While you all in his grill, don't you know that man kill?
Is that your bitch? Why she paging him?
Keep praising him? 'Cause that's Jay and them, bitch!
You might also like
Yo, yo, why you home alone, why she out with me?
Room 112, hotel balcony
How she say Jay you can call the house for me?
There's no respect at all
You betta check her dawg
She keep beggin' me to hit it raw
So she can have my kids and say it was yours
How foul is she? And you wifed her
Shit, I put the rubber on tighter
Sent her home, when she entered home
You hugged her up
What the fuck is up?
She got you whipped, got your kids
Got your home, but that's not your bitch
You share that girl, don't let 'em hear that he'll hurl
It'll make 'em sick that his favorite chick
Ain't saving it, unfaithful bitch

Oh, is that your bitch? Why she all in his six?
With her hand on his dick keep licking her lips
Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride?
With her hand on his thighs keep looking in his eyes
Oh, is that your bitch? You better tell her chill
While you all in his grill, don't you know that man kill?
Is that your bitch? Why she paging him?
Keep praising him? 'Cause that's Jay and them, bitch!
Cool out homie
You betta keep her away from my balling clique
Keep her out of nightclubs all in the mix
From hanging out with chicks who be swallowing dicks
From cats who order Cris' play the floor with the Knicks
It can only lead to something unfortunate
Hot boy like Jigga Man scorch your bitch
Play the four dot, Jigga Man go first
Then we all rock 'til we all hot
You know the boy from the Roc got them whores on lock
Got the bitches in the smash
Make them drawers drop fast
'Cause we get more cash than the average nigga?
All them hoes like "Damn, I gotta have this nigga"
'Cause I'ma hot black, how in the hell can you stop that?
You would fuck mine
How the hell can you knock that?
I'm just playing the cards choosenly
Jigga Man, who you supposed to be?

Oh, is that your bitch? Why she all in his six?
With her hand on his dick keep licking her lips
Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride?
With her hand on his thighs keep looking in his eyes
Oh, is that your bitch? You better tell her chill
While you all in his grill, don't you know that man kill?
Is that your bitch? Why she paging him?
Keep praising him? 'Cause that's Jay and them, bitch!
The Jigga and Twista got 'em screaming
Like a demon fiending for the semen
Chrome gleaming like the dome on Keenan
Gone while I'm leanin' smoking
I'm whip it in the stomach
Your bitch on the passenger side of me flashing your money
Why you acting so funny?
You know she been flirting while your working
Behind the curtain knuckles jerking for certain
Poppin' that pussy
Sweatin' till no fluid is left
When I come in the party with Jay we gon' do it to death
You gon' ruin your rep
Trippin' while we pimpin' these hefers
Playa lectures got me shining like a new Gator stepper
Must have been mad
When your ho put my stuff in the dash
Bust in her ass
To climax I come up with a nab
The game don't stop
Legit ballers bending up the block
Niggas rushing, coming at us 'cause of status and props
Sucking and fucking, loving it when I put the dick up inside her
Can't help it if she's in love with a rider

Oh, is that your bitch? Why she all in his six?
With her hand on his dick keep licking her lips
Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride?
With her hand on his thighs keep looking in his eyes
Oh, is that your bitch? You better tell her chill
While you all in his grill, don't you know that man kill?
Is that your bitch? Why she paging him?
Keep praising him? 'Cause that's Jay and them, bitch!

Oh, is that your bitch? Why she all in his six?
With her hand on his dick keep licking her lips
Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride?
With her hand on his thighs keep looking in his eyes
Oh, is that your bitch? You better tell her chill
While you all in his grill, don't you know that man kill?
Is that your bitch? Why she paging him?
Keep praising him? 'Cause that's Jay and them, bitch!

Oh, is that your bitch? Why she all in his six?
With her hand on his dick keep licking her lips
Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride?
With her hand on his thighs keep looking in his eyes
Oh, is that your bitch? You better tell her chill
While you all in his grill, don't you know that man kill?
Is that your bitch? Why she paging him?
Keep praising him? 'Cause that's Jay and them, bitch!

Oh, is that your bitch? Why she all in his six?
With her hand on his dick keep licking her lips
Is that your bitch? Why she all in his ride?
With her hand on his thighs keep looking in his eyes
Oh, is that your bitch? You better tell her chill
While you all in his grill, don't you know that man kill?
Is that your bitch? Why she paging him?
Keep praising him? 'Cause that's Jay and them, bitch!5Embed
Yeah!
Uh uhh uh-uhh, boom boom boom
D-R-E!
Say with me niggas, boom boom
And Jay-Z
Boom boom boom boom
What the fuck?
Boom boom boom boom
Watch me!
Jigga Man, ya heard? Boom boom boom
Brooklyn, ya heard? Boom boom boom
Compton!
Gotti Gotti ya heard? Yo
C'mon!

You gotta, pop that styles, rock that watch dial
See that Benz? Cop that now
Drop that top down, they gon' kill us anyway
Them cops Uptown hit Homes with forty-one rounds
Live yo' life, get yo' ice
She been with you since day one nigga, trick on your wife
Spend that dough, when in doubt, take that trip
She ain't living for the moment homie, shake that bitch
He that cool, he can't take you nowhere? Leave that fool
Be that rude if he that cool
Save for what? Ball 'til your days is up
This place is fucked, all type of AIDS and such
How they make it where you afraid to fuck
They gave us drugs then turned around and investigated us
Life is short, then you on life support
So in between it all, I'ma say I seen it all, watch me
You might also like
Place yourself in the shoes of true felons (uh-huh)
And tell me you won't ball every chance you get (uhh, watch me)
At any, chance you hit (that's right), we live for the moment
(Yo watch, watch) Makes sense don't it? Now make dollars
(Watch me!) You see me around some cheese
(Watch me!) See me with hustlers around them G's
(Watch me!) Blowing 'dro running through pounds of weed
(Watch me!) At the bar baby, round's on me
(Watch me!)

Watch me turn something out of nothing, turn Platinum from Gold
Watch me light the Cohiba off the Viking stove
I take an empty bank account, fill it with Os
I take an empty building then I fill it with hoes
Watch me, cop that Coupe, shine for the ladies
Have 'em saying, "Damn I never seen a watch that blue"
And while they still mesmerized I pop that cooch
Shit, law enforcement couldn't stop that dude
Guess who? Fresh off of Vol. 2
Back at you, peep the numbers my album do
They call me Champagne Hova, wake up with a hangover
When y'all think the game's over, do the same thing over
Still with the same soldiers
Still getting brain and it's plain ain't a thing gon' change Hova
Hop out the truck, hand on my cock and nuts
Who got the bank? I'm stocking it up (watch me)
Place yourself in the shoes of true felons (uh-huh)
And tell me you won't ball every chance you get (watch me)
At any chance you hit, we live for the moment
Makes sense don't it? Now make dollars
(Watch me!) You see me around some cheese
(Watch me!) See me with hustlers around them G's
(Watch me!) Blowing 'dro running through pounds of weed
(Watch me!) At the bar baby, round's on me
(Watch me!)

Yo, the watch too rocky, need shades
Continental sitting on blades, spinning like waves
Gun too Brock-y, behave
Big shot, plus I'm feeling like Rocky these days
Ice don't melt, I could ski through a heatwave
Nights won't help you see Jay, it'll be day
My shit too bright, I rip through mics
Plus I push more powder than Crystal Light
Chick mad, said I hold my pistol too tight
Get a grip bitch, this how I get through life
I buy out the bar, spit Cris' through the mic
See Jigga in the 6 and all the shit you like
See Jigga giving dick to every bitch you like
I told her, "It's Jay-Day and Hit-You-Night"
You wanna, see me again you gotta get two dykes
I got rules I can't hit you twice, you heard me?
Watch me!
Place yourself in the shoes of true felons (uh-huh)
And tell me you won't ball every chance you get (that's right)
At any chance you hit, we live for the moment
Makes sense don't it? Now make dollars
(Watch me!) You see me around some cheese
(Watch me!) See me with hustlers around them G's
(Watch me!) Blowing 'dro running through pounds of weed
(Watch me!) At the bar baby, round's on me
(Watch me!)
(Watch me!) You see me around some cheese
(Watch me!) Hangin' with hustlers around them G's
(Watch me!) Blowing 'dro running through pounds of weed
(Watch me!) At the bar bitch, round's on me
(Watch me! Watch me!)

Uh-huh-uh uh-uhh uh-uhh.. uh
Uh-huh-uh uh-uhh uh-uhh..
Uh-huh-uh, Jigga Jigga shit huh!
Uh-huh, uh-huh-uh, Brooklyn-Brooklyn shit huh!
(Compton!) Uh-huh-uh, Gotti Gotti shit huh!
(C'mon) Uh-huh, uh-huh-uh, Lil Rob shit huh!
(C'mon) Uh-huh-uh-UHH, Roc-A-Fella shit y'all
(C'mon) Uh-huh, uh-huh, Murder Murder shit y'all
(Watch me!)8Embed
Geyeah, NYMP the realest, uhh
This is educated thug MU-SIC, niggas

Life's a battle, mean streets eat you alive
Blocks'll have you, tryin' to maintain your course
Through the potholes and gravel
Hot holes and what-have-you, tryin' to clock dough
Foes tryin' to pop shots through you by code
Pigs tryin' to grab you and lock up your soul
Through the Hot Apple, nighttime shots crackle
(Bucka bucka bucka) fiends tryin' to gaffle you
Not only coke heads but the Feds in the Mercury Topaz
After you, up the avenue
Tryin' to give you big numbers, you got math to do
Tryin' to make you miss summer, shit, that ain't cool
I caught smaller cases tryin' to get capital
Up against the wall, tryin' to pass through
Ghost-like, hear the cries from the tortured souls
Most nights, I hold my toast tight, and it goes like

Uhh, N.Y.M.P., the realest niggas
N.Y.M.P., the realest niggas
Uhh, uh-huh-uh-UHH, N.Y.M.P. the realest
Marcy.. Brooklyn..
You might also like
Yo, I come through, gettin' money, sittin' on twenties
Niggas throwin' me shade, but ain't shit sunny
Hot shells only thing niggas could get from me
Cocktails thrown in your livin' room, KA-BOOM!
I'm so confrontational
They shoulda never let me go on probation yo
I'm a hustler, except that..
No correctional facilities can correct that
I took a step back, I viewed myself, seen where my head was at
It's where that dough is homie, gotta get that
Gotta get away, some try but head back
Uhh, street smart niggas got left back
Some died, they left stacks
Me, I ball right, and on top of that I'm dog nice
Jigga been cold as fuck before ice
Not before Christ, but a long fuckin' time
Get your mind right niggas

N.Y.M.P., the realest
Uh-huh-uh-UHH, N.Y.M.P., the realest niggas
Uhh uh-huh, uh-UHH, N.Y.M.P. the realest niggas
Marcy.. feel me..

I looked death in the face years back
I held tears back, I gathered myself and stared back
I'm from where you don't crack, the weak don't live
You gotta bounce back homie, the streets don't give
I take and rape villages, who gon' stop him?
Not Rudy Giuliani, not Hillary Rodham
Still I still pop him
Shit, I grassy knoll and hilltop him, it's all political now
I think big when I spit at you now
Between my dog and the figures, the four gonna get'cha
Between life and death, they killed my spirit
So what little life I got left, y'all can expect me to ball
I empowered myself, teacher said I was a lost cause
'Cause I used to roam them halls
Still I spit knowledge, dropped out of high school, skipped college
Who woulda thought I'd make it "Big" like Ms. Wallace?
Uhh, yeah, N.Y.M.P., the realest niggas
Brooklyn, what? Uhh, N.Y.M.P., the realest niggas
Uhh, uh-huh-uh-UHH, N.Y.M.P. the realest niggas
Marcy.. New York, Brooklyn, N.Y.M.P. the realest, feel me

Educated, thug mu-sic niggas
This is Brooklyn, this is gangsta, this is project
Real shit, N.Y.M.P. the realest niggas
Marcy, Brooklyn, stompin' grounds
Fuck with me2Embed
Hov
Uh huh Hov
Oh right up top huh
Slow it down

I'm a hustler baby, (Hov)
I just want you to know, (Hov)
It ain't where I been, (Take em up)
But where I'm bout to go, (top of the world!)
Now I just wanna love you, (You know I love you)
But be who I am, (you know you love me)
And with all this cash
You'll forget your man
Now give it to me
(Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff)
But don't fool with me
(C'mon, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff)

When the Remy's in the system, ain't no tellin
Will I 'em will I diss 'em, that's what they be yellin
I'm a pimp by blood, not relation
Y'all be chasin, I replace them, huh?
Drunk off Crist', mami on E
Can't keep her little model hands off me
Both in the club, high, singing off key
"And I wish I never met her at all..."
It gets better, ordered another round
It's, about, to go, down
Got six model chicks, six bottles of Crist'
Four Belvederes, got weed everywhere
What do you say, me, you, and your Chloe glasses
Go somewhere private where we can discuss fashion
Like, Prada blouse, Gucci bra
Filth Mart jeans, take that off
You might also like
Give it to me
(Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff
But don't bullshit me
C'mon, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff)
I said give it to me
(Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff
But don't bullshit me
Mama, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff)

Yeah, save the narrative, you savin it for marriage
Let's keep it real ma, you savin it for carats
You wanna see how far I'mma go
How, much I'mma spend but you already know
Zip, zero, stingy with dinero
Might buy you Crist', (but that about it)
Might light your wrist, (but that about it)
OK, I might wife you and buy you nice whips
Ma, but you really gotta ride nice
Know how to work your hips and your priceless
Profess you love the Hov', and I'll never let you down
Get you bling like the Neptune sound
Hot Hov', too hot to hold
Ladies love me long time like 2Pac's sold
Only way to roll, Jigga and two ladies
I'm too cold, Motorola, two way page me
Give it to me
(Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff
But don't bullshit me
C'mon, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff)
I said give it to me
(Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff
But don't bullshit me
Mama, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff)

I'm a hustler baby, (Hov)
I just want you to know, (Hov)
It ain't where I been
But where I'm bout to go
Now I just wanna love you
But be who I am
And with all this cash
You'll forget your man
Now give it to me
(Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff)
But don't fool with me
(C'mon, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff)

Yeah, yeah, yeah
Same song, I'm back, been around the world
Ro-mancing girls that dance with girls
From, Club Cheetah, to Club Amnesia
The Peanuts in L.A., Bubblin' in Dublin
Can't deny me, why would you want to
You need me, why don't you try me
Baby you want to, believe me, Hov'!
Give it to me
(Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff
But don't bullshit me
C'mon, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff)
I said give it to me
(Gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff
But don't bullshit me
Mama, gimme that funk, that sweet, that nasty, that gushi stuff)
You gotta give it to me
Give it here, don't say nothing
I said give it to me
Uh huh
Give it to me
Ok
Give it to me
Ok Ok Ok

Uh uh uh uh uh
Give it to me
Hold on hold on hold on. Break it down for me. Can we please sit down for me. I'm sorry, I just wanted to have a little fun
No no I just wanted to have a little fun
We blocking the camera's, it's my fault I was being a bastard
I love you too baby
I was being a bastard I'm sorry
My fault blame it on me
Right now we gonna take an Armi break I hope y'all got some Armadale over there for me
Uh, I wanna let my man Questlove introduce the whole band, the Roots band make some noise for them real quick
I'll be right back
(To stage right, we got big Kenney on guitar
Got Len Hubbard on bass
Got my man Knuckles on percussion
Got baby Quest Eric Draker on percussion
And my man Damien on flute
Got Kyrome on the keys
Got scratch help with percussions
We got Jaguar Wright on vocals
My man Omar Edwards on organ
Got  on violin
Fiona Murray on violin
Alexandria  on viola
Larry Gold on cello
Last but not least my name is Questlove on drums
Give it up one time for Jay Z)
Ok
No no I wanna do one more
'I gotta do one more, I can't just leave ya'll like that
I might have to do this whole show over y'all feel that?We having a good old time, I hope y'all having a good old time you know what I'm saying
I love you too, you making me embarrassed stop that
Before I go...Embed
After the show it's the after party then
After the party it's the hotel lobby and
After the Belve' then it's probably Cris'
And after the original it's probably this
RO
ROC nigga's
OK let y'all get up again, feel this this
Ro ROC niggas
ROC niggas
RO ROC niggas

Come on the track (duh duh da-da)
With a throwback jersey and a fitted
Might blow a bag of
Or might take sips of army with a chidd-ick, I'm so sick widdit
Lampin in the Hamptons, the weekends man
The Adidas and the Campus
Or playin guts on the cruise, Hermes boat shoes
The Izod bucket on I'm so old school
Yellow wrist watch, Gucci flip flops
Six top model chicks, who is this hot?
J-A, ladies help me say it now
(Y-Z), mami why you playin with me?
Ride with me, get high as me
It's how it's supposed to be, when you rollin with G's, Hov'!
Back up in this bitch like whoa
Jigga get this whole bitch jumpin like six-fo's
You might also like
V is I, and I am him
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!)
Slim with the tilted brim on twenty inch rims
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!)
And if y'all got love for me I got love for y'all
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!)
And if y'all go to war for me I go to war wit y'all
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!)

And so I breeze through, jeans is Evisu
She's responding, top is C. Ronson
We in Luan gettin our groove on
Buyin out the bar, on our way to Spa'
She never seen a hundred on the wrist before
Never seen twenty-two's on the 6 before
I am, killin 'em out there, they needin first aid
Cause the boy got more 6's than first grade
The crib got, killer views and square feet
You have to film MTV Cribs for a week
So, sleep if you need to, mami I will leave you
Right where you stand, nah I don't wanna dance
I just wanna see what's in your Frankie B pants
Weight is low enough to let your waist show
Top like a rock star, I got a fast car
We can cruise the city, doin a buck-sixty
V is I, and I am him
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!)
Slim with the tilted brim on twenty inch rims
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!)
And if y'all got love for me I got love for y'all
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!)
And if y'all go to war for me I go to war wit y'all
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!)
Hov Uh Uh Uh Uh
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!)
Hov
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!)
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!)
(Audience singing)
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!)

"He did it again!" Haters no like
But they gotta fuck with it cause the flow's so tight
Gnarly dude! (I puff Bob Marley dude)
All day, like Rastafari's do
Now I'm stuck to the point I could hardly move
You fuckin up my high, don't bother me dude
But Red Rover, send your hoes over
She can do WHATEVER, sip somethin with soda
She can leave WHENEVER, sip somethin with Hova
We can play HOWEVER, sleigh bed or sofa
And the prognosis, sex is explosive
Left her with bedsheets, nigga I'm focused man
V is I, and I am him
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!)
Slim with the tilted brim on twenty inch rims
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!)
And if y'all got love for me I got love for y'all
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!)
And if y'all go to war for me I go to war wit y'all
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!)
Hov
ROC niggas
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!)
RO ROC niggas
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!)
RO ROC Niggas keep it going with me
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!)
(RO ROC niggas)
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!)
(RO ROC niggas)
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!)
RO ROC niggas
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga!)

Yeah man
Yeah man
Throw it up one time for me
I love it man
I love it
Ladies and gentlemen
Thanks for coming out this evening
Hold on
Taking requests in an hour
But for now forreal
Honestly wanna thank everybody in this building for coming out having fun with us
I might do it again, I had a whole bunch of fun
Let me just find out if I can do it again don't move
No don't move I'm not gonna leave
She said I was gonna leaveEmbed
Uh, just point out the bounce, uh-huh
Show me the bounce, yeah
Just point out the bounce, geah
Timbo the king, yeah
Young Hov the king, yeah
Just point out the bounce, yes
Just point out the bounce nigga
Yo, listen

Rumor has it The Blueprint classic
Couldn't even be stopped by Bin Laden
So September 11th marks the era forever
Of a revolutionary Jay Guevara
Now it's a whole museum of Hov MC'ers
Everybody dupin' the flow—you see 'em
Everybody loopin' up soul
It's like they tryna make The Blueprint 2 before Hov
Shout out to Just Bleezy and Kanyeezy
See how we adjust to the game so easy
Chicks belly dancin, glancin every chance they get
Like, "Oh shit, he's so handsome"
Still in demand in the longest run standing
Kidnapped rap seven years, no ransom
Can't one nigga get it back, no rap
Young Hov's going to Canton, I'ma land ya
You might also like
(Point out the bounce) I'll show you how to get this dough in
Large amounts 'til it's hard to count
(Point out the bounce) I turn a eighth to an ounce
To a whole ki to the R-O-C
(Point out the bounce) Timbo the king, nigga (Uh-huh, woo)
Uh-huh, ay, uh
(Point out the bounce) Geah, young Hov the king, nigga
Uh, I got y'all

For those that think Hov fingers bling-blingin'
Either haven't heard the album or they don't know English
They only know what the single is
And single that out to be the meaning of what he's about
And being I'm about my business, not mingling much
Running my mouth, that shit kept lingering
But no, dummy, that's the shit I'm sprinkling
The album with to keep the registers ringing
In real life, I'm much more distinguished
I'm like a bloke from London, England
Geah, you jingling, baby
See, I go right back and I bring 'em in baby
Business mind of a Ross Perot but never lost my soul
Crossed the line, I bought pop across the row
Then I walk through the hood, where they up to no good
Slangin them O's like a real OG should
"Oh, he's good"
"No, he would never sell out, he's so hood"
(Point out the bounce) I'll show you how to get this dough in
Large amounts 'til it's hard to count
(Point out the bounce) I turn a eighth to an ounce
To a whole ki to the R-O-C
(Point out the bounce) Timbo the king, nigga (Uh-huh, woo)
Uh-huh, ay, uh
(Point out the bounce) Geah, young Hov the king, nigga
Uh, uh (Yeah)

Magazines call me a (Rockstar) girls call me (Cock star)
Billboard (Popstar) neighborhood (Block star)
Chi-Town go-gettin' pimps (We mobsters)
Gingerbread Man even said, "You're a monster!"
Yeah, that's how I feel (Uh-huh)
To be down, you must appeal
To the crew, we're rated R
O-C, OG, Bobby Johnson son
Ask me, "Ray-Ray, is that yo' car?"
"I seen MTV, I know who you are"
"You did Takeover, do you got beef with Nas?"
I did take over the game, brought back the soul
Got tracks to go, got plaques that's gold
Platinum to go, yeah, that's the flow
All I know, I gots to blow
And I don't play pause, I'm from Chicago
I'll show you how to get this dough in
Large amounts 'til it's hard to count
(Point out the bounce) I turn a eighth to an ounce
To a whole ki to the R-O-C
(Point out the bounce) Timbo the king, nigga, uh
(Point out the bounce) Geah, young Hov the king, nigga

Point out the bounce
Point out the bounce
Point out the bounce
Point out the bounce
Point out the bounce10Embed

Woo! Geah, geah (Young) geah
Uhh, turn the music up, turn the lights down, I'm in my zone

Thank God for granting me this moment of clarity
This moment of honesty
The world'll feel my truths
All through my Hard Knock Lifetime, A Gift and a Curse
I gave you Volume after Volume of my work
So you can feel my truths
I built the Dynasty by being one of the realest niggas out
Way beyond a Reasonable Doubt
Y'all can't fill my shoes
From my Blueprint beginning to that Black Album ending
Listen close, you'll hear what I'm about
Nigga, feel my truths
Pop died, didn't cry, didn't know him that well
Between him doing heroin and me doing crack sales
With that in the eggshell, standing at the tabernacle
Rather the church, pretending to be hurt wouldn't work
So a smirk was all on my face
Like, "Damn, that man's face is just like my face"
So Pop, I forgive you for all the shit that I lived through
It wasn't all your fault, homie, you got caught
Into the same game I fought (Ugh), that Uncle Ray lost (Ugh)
My big brothers and so many others I saw
I'm just glad we got to see each other
Talk and re-meet each other
Save a place in Heaven 'til the next time we meet forever!
You might also like
Thank God for granting me this moment of clarity
This moment of honesty
The world'll feel my truths
All through my Hard Knock Lifetime, A Gift and a Curse
I gave you Volume after Volume of my work
So you can feel my truths
I built the Dynasty by being one of the realest niggas out
Way beyond a Reasonable Doubt
Y'all can't fill my shoes
From my Blueprint beginning to that Black Album ending
Listen close, you'll hear what I'm about
Nigga, feel my truths

Music business hate me ‘cause the industry ain't make me
Hustlers and boosters embrace me and the music I be making
I dumb down for my audience and double my dollars
They criticize me for it, yet they all yell "holla"
If skills sold, truth be told, I'd probably be lyrically Talib Kweli
Truthfully I wanna rhyme like Common Sense
But I did 5 mill' – I ain't been rhyming like Common since (Woo!)
When your cents got that much in common
And you been hustling since your inception
Fuck perception! Go with what makes sense
Since I know what I'm up against
We as rappers must decide what's most important
And I can't help the poor if I'm one of them
So I got rich and gave back, to me that's the win-win
So next time you see the homie and his rims spin
Just know my mind is working just like them (Rims, that is)
Thank God for granting me this moment of clarity
This moment of honesty
The world'll feel my truths
All through my Hard Knock Lifetime, A Gift and a Curse
I gave you Volume after Volume of my work
So you can feel my truths
I built the Dynasty by being one of the realest niggas out
Way beyond a Reasonable Doubt
Y'all can't fill my shoes
From my Blueprint beginning to that Black Album ending
Listen close, you'll hear what I'm about
Nigga, feel my truths

My homie Sig' was on a tier where no tears should fall
‘Cause he was on the block where no squares get off
See, in my inner circle, all we do is ball
'Til we all got triangles on our wall
Ain't just rapping for the platinum, y'all record
I recall, ‘cause I really been there before (Woo)
Four scores and seven years ago, prepared the flow
Prepared for war, I should fear no man
You don't hear me though, these words ain't just paired to go
In one ear, out the other ear, no! (No)
Yo, my balls and my word is alls I have
What you gonna do to me, nigga? Scars'll scab
What, you gonna box me, homie? I can dodge a jab
Three shots couldn't touch me, thank God for that
I'm strong enough to carry Biggie Smalls on my back (Sup Big?)
And the whole BK, nigga, holla back!
Thank God for granting me this moment of clarity
This moment of honesty
The world'll feel my truths
All through my Hard Knock Lifetime, A Gift and a Curse
I gave you Volume after Volume of my work
So you can feel my truths
I built the Dynasty by being one of the realest niggas out
Way beyond a Reasonable Doubt
Y'all can't fill my shoes
From my Blueprint beginning to that Black Album ending
Listen close, you'll hear what I'm about
Nigga, feel my truths37Embed

(Millennium flow)
Serena Altschul's here live outside the criminal courthouse
(This is {bullshit} y'all)
In New York City for the first day in the trial of
(I'm gone) {*car speeds off*}
The State vs. Shawn Carter, a.k.a. Jay-Z
(Uhh, uh-huh-uh, uhh, uh-huh-uh, uhh)
Whatever the verdict in this trial may be
The effects will undoubtedly be felt worldwide

Ayo, stand forward, 'fore you take notice
Or witness to me killin' the track
Testify 'til me spillin' the smack
Now they got me for traffickin', racketeerin', audio crack
They call me dope man, dope man
I try to tell 'em I'm where hope, floats man
Ghetto spokes-man
A broke man, approachin' the bench with intent
To bury me under the cell, fingered me as the toast man
Evidence stemmin' from ninety-six
They say the world ain't recovered from his fix
While they was usin' cut, I was on some other shit
Gave it to you raw and they just discovered it
Nowaday, the jury got they brow raised
Listenin' to testimony about my foul ways
Exhibit A: Reasonable Doubt
They say this was the first thing that turned the peoples out
You might also like
You can feel the tension building here
As an unprecedented number of people have turned out
For what may be the trial of the century

They call me dope man, dope man
I try to tell 'em I'm where hope, floats man
Ghetto spokes-man

How come, you label your brand of dope
Vol. 1 and spread it through the slums?
Fed it to the young with total disregard
Your honor, the State seeks the maximum charge
And how could you, turn right around
And release a lethal dosage called Vol. 2
And is true you operate the criminal enterprise
Known as Roc-A-Fella in charge of his meteoric rise?
And do you deny you're responsible for the demise
Of record execs, and do you object?
Your distribution's Polygram, and through your connects
Def Jam, you pushed over five million SoundScan
And not to mention, your co-horts and henchmen
Dame, Biggs, Lyor, Kev' and Russell Simmons
And we ain't gon' talk about Murder Inc
That just establishes a darker deeper criminal link
The State is seeking the maximum penalty
And with the overwhelmin' amount of evidence
The D.A.'s presented, things aren't lookin' good

They call me dope man, dope man
I try to tell 'em I'm where hope, floats man
Ghetto spokes-man

Despite the grim outlook at this point
The rapper has been known to emerge triumphant
In the face of adversity

They call me dope man, dope man
I try to tell em I'm where hope, floats man
Ghetto spokes-man

Jay-Z is taking the stand

Right hand on the Bible, left hand in the air
Before I spoke one word, made sure my throat was clear
A-hem, I'm a prisoner of circumstance
Frail nigga, I couldn't much work with my hands
But my mind was strong, I grew where you hold your blacks up
Trap us, expect us not to pick gats up
Where you drop your cracks off by the Mack trucks
Destroy our dreams of lawyers and actors
Keep us spiralin', goin' backwards
At age nine, saw my first hate crime
Blindfolded, expected to walk a straight line
Mind molded, taught to love you and hate mine
Climbed over it, at a early age, Jay shined
Fuck the system at Lady Justice I blaze nine
Your Honor, I no longer kill my people, I raise mine
The soul of Mumia in this modern day time
While the jury is inside deliberatin'
Outside the crowd is frozen with anticipation

They call me dope man, dope man
I try to tell 'em I'm where hope, floats man
Ghetto spokes-man

Well the verdict has just been announced: NOT GUILTY!
It is complete pandemonium out here!
People are cheerin' and huggin' - there he is
Jay-Z is exitin' the courtroom right now
There is a swarm of cameras surroundin' him {*pop bulbs flashing*}
And people are just rushin' up to him
Let's try and make our way over there, Jay-Z! Jay-Z!
{*sounds of cameras keep flashin'*}1Embed
Uh-huh, uh
Jigga Man, uh-huh MC
That's right
Swizz Beatz
Uh, uh, come on

It's the things that you do
That make me feel so
(Come on, inhale, exhale, breathe on it for me)
And I don't know the way I feel
I can't explain
(Uh)
I love you
You thug you, look what you make the clubs do
(Bounce, bounce)
It's the things that you do
That make me feel so
(Exhale, breathe on it for me)
And I don't know the way I feel
I can't explain (Yeah)
I love you
(Uh come on)
You thug you, look what you make the clubs do
You might also like
You know the flow sicker, know Jigga, mo' sicker now right
You know what me and Swizz's shit sound like
Crazed and demonic, uh, without blazin' chronic
Product of Reaganomics
You know that motherfuckin' stoop raised me
Ringin' in the hoops but I was too lazy
School made me sick, teachers said I was too crazy
Low and behold, it's the new and improved Jay-Z
Let me explain this to you, baby
I spent nights out, days in
Niggas was blazing
Twelve noon where I was raised in
I felt caged in but kept roaming
Prayed for the Day of Atonement
Married to the streets no date of annulment
It seems every time it comes up, they postpone it
So I kept my chrome at the waist, waiting for the omen
Savoring the moment and now you know
The reason that I flow the way I flow, baby

It's the things that you do
That make me feel so
(Come on, inhale, exhale, breathe on it for me)
And I don't know the way I feel
I can't explain
(Uh)
I love you
You thug you, look what you make the clubs do
(Bounce, bounce)
It's the things that you do
That make me feel so
(Exhale breathe on it for me)
And I don't know the way I feel
I can't explain (Yeah)
I love you
(Uh come on)
You thug you, look what you make the clubs do
You know I move like an ounce
Bottled up like crack
That's how I make you bounce like that
Defy Webster's words they can't pronounce like that
That's why no other rapper got a sound like that
Trap, trap of my life
Flashback, kill niggas
Rap skills unmatched, Jigga Man baby
I can't entertain it sometimes I can't explain it
God given, guess it was all for hard living
Far be it from me to question Allah's wisdom
Could've been lost in the system
Instead I'm involved with the rhythm
I dodged prison, came out unscathed from car collisions
I know I must be part of some mission
Shit, I used take it for granted
Why they placed me on this planet
I would ask myself while writin' raps to myself
But right there under my nose
Was the flow of all flows
Not a demon but a rose in the cement, come on

It's the things that you do
That make me feel so
(Come on, inhale, exhale, breathe on it for me)
And I don't know the way I feel
I can't explain
(Uh)
I love you
You thug you, look what you make the clubs do
(Bounce, bounce)
It's the things that you do
That make me feel so
(Exhale breathe on it for me)
And I don't know the way I feel
I can't explain (Yeah)
I love you
(Uh come on)
You thug you, look what you make the clubs do
You know I've traveled through zones
Homes spazzed like a bad back
I came into this game on Jaz's back
I jumped off stood on my own two like boom, that's that
Yeah I'm here to show and prove
Don't matter to me the Garden or flowin' on Clue
Whatever niggas wanna do - it's alright with me
Whether you big or bossy, jig or flossy
Dusty or musty, sober or saucy
Broker than Todd Bridges, richer than Bill Cosby
Forgive me for my arrogance or you still salty?
Past on to the next life and you still haunt me
I'ma keep doing me unfortunately
I make the club rock, make thugs pop guns
Make old folks do the bus stop; can't stop son
Shit I give you what's hot and what's not, I never knew
Y'all (niggas) know (niggas) how (niggas) do

It's the things that you do that make me feel so
(Uh, exhale, inhale)
And I don't know the way I feel
I can explain
I love you
You thug you, look what you make the clubs do
(Uh, bounce, shake, what? uh-huh)
It's the things that you do that make me feel so
(Uh-huh, inhale, exhale)
And I don't know the way I feel I can explain
I love you
You thug you, look what you make the clubs do
(Bounce, shake ladies)
It's the things that you do that make me feel so
(Uh-huh, breathe for me, uh, uh-huh)
And I don't know the way I feel
I can explain
(Uh)
I love you
You thug you, look what you make the clubs do
(Lights out niggas)
It's the things that you do that make me feel so
And I don't know the way I feel I can explain
I love you
You thug you, look what you make the clubs do
It's the things that you do that make me feel so
And I don't know the way I feel I can explain
I love you
You thug you, look what you make the clubs do
It's the things that you do that make me feel so
And I don't know the way I feel I can explain
I love you
You thug you, look what you make the clubs do3Embed

The other night when I was researching what was going to be discussed today I came across a passage wrote down, I think it really exemplifies what the young brother next to me was just talking about and I learned that all things must come to an end
It is an inevitable part of the cycle of existence, all things must conclude
Take the analogy of a tree that grows in Brooklyn among the steel and the concrete with all its glorious branches and leaves, one day it too will pass on its legacy through the seeds it dropped to the ground and as the wind carries these seeds throughout wherever they might move a new life will begin for each one of them as they stand as a monument to the one that came before
That came before
That came before
That came before
That came before...You might also like2Embed
Bounce
Uhhh, ha, uhhh, ha
Uhhh, uh-huh-uh-uhhh, uhh, uh-huh
This for my hustlers.. uh-huh
And for the bitches.. yeah

Yo, yo
This is for my niggas down in Houston on candy paint
All my niggas in the Dirty South, Miami mayne
All my niggas in the A-T-L throwin' dem bows
All them thugs that send slugs through your clothes; holla at me!
It's for the black culture, Spanish chicks with the sweet chocha
Spanish cats with the keys of coca
All the haters eat a dick, they wanna see you brok-er
I hope the heat stroke ya, the misery is over
All my deep smokers, I hope the leaf choke ya
Hope you'll never be sober, I'ma toast to myself
I hope the Cris' get me, spiralin' into a tizzy
So pissy, swervin' on the road dizzy
May God protect my soul, angels walk with me
First do the flow sickly, niggas is so shifty
The fo'-fo' is like a force field, you won't get me
I brought some folk with me, Brooklyn is loc'n with me
What the fuck?
You might also like
You know, we ride
All day, all night
Pop Cris', shoot dice
Fuck hoes, for life
You know, we ride
All day, all night
Pop Cris', shoot dice
Fuck hoes, for life

This is for my chicks that get dough for takin' off they clothes
All them money makin' honies that slide down the poles
All my educated chicks who grade is 4.0
All the baby mamas across the globe; ayo
I like my women friends feminine
I like my hoes on "X" like Eminem
Shit, I like em bow-legged, never coke-headed
With a dough fetish, the drive to go get it
I like they toes proper, I like they clothes Prada
I like they shoes Gucci, I like new coochie
I fucked a few groupies, in a few hoopties
I got 'em Iceberg shit they thought I knew Snoopy
I cop them Rocawear, my mamis dedicated
They never tell me no, the most they said is "not here"
I got they ears studded, both wrists baguetted
I got a main chick, a mistress, and a young bitch
Forget it, I'm the don
You know, we ride
All day, all night
Pop Cris', shoot dice
Fuck hoes, for life
You know, we ride
All day, all night
Pop Cris', shoot dice
Fuck hoes, for life

Wha-what?
This is for my dice shooters, cats doin' life
By the time I get this kite to ya, I hope you doin' alright
Who got 'em platinum up? Who got the chicks in the truck?
Too much to sit comfortably, they lappin' up
Who shit is big pimpin'? See the flow different
I drop heavy then I let the four-fifth flip 'em
I keep rappers talkin' to kids, Jigga Sixth Sense'd 'em
Don't mention my name and lames in the same sentence
You see I'm so thorough, take on your whole borough
Be so careful I hear the whistle from the fo'-fo' barrel
Keep the flow Hova; icy neck, cold shoulder
Who click is closest to La Costra Nostra?
It's The Roc
You know, we ride
All day, all night
Pop Cris', shoot dice
Fuck hoes, for life
You know, we ride
All day, all night
Pop Cris', shoot dice
Fuck hoes, for life
You know, we ride
All day, all night
Pop Cris', shoot dice
Fuck hoes, for life5Embed
S dot Carter
Y'all must try harder
Competition is
Nada!
Ladies scream papa
Niggas can't stop ya
Competition is
Nope, nope, nope
S dot Carter
Y'all must try harder
Competition is
Nada!
Ladies scream papa
Niggas can't stop ya
Competition is
Nope, nope, nope

No, no, no, nope
You can't see 'em
Though you got plans to be him
Pay homage if by chance you meet him
In his pants pocket, your advance and per diem
It's the undisputed champion
For clique, dough sick, no medicine for us
Competition like I said in the chorus
Let me spell it out for ya
Jay to the Amil
(A to the Y stay real fuck how they feel, uh-huh, uh-huh)
That's how we put it down
(Uh-huh, uh-huh y'all gon get it now)
Chip off the old block
Resemble my old pops
'Cept I tote Glocks and open dope spots
And I shut down rap crews
Smack them cats who flash tools
Laugh at fake ballers with bad jewels
I'll tell you once
This is shit you should've of knew
(Jigga what?) Jigga
(Jigga who?) Okay
You might also like
S dot Carter
Y'all must try harder
Competition is
Nada!
Ladies scream papa
Niggas can't stop ya
Competition is
Nope, nope, nope
S dot Carter
Y'all must try harder
Competition is
Nada!
Ladies scream papa
Niggas can't stop ya
Competition is
Nope, nope, nope

No, no, no
I'm a Roc-A-fella soldier
I thought I told ya
Hustler, nigga move weight like Oprah
Drive wide body, twenty-inch big motor
No tints, make no mistake y'all it's Hova
I stay sporting played Jordan's before Jordan
Verses tight, hooks harder than Ken Norton
Musically touching you
Truthfully I abuse beats better call DCW
I make my mother move
So I have no problem coming around the old way
Sluggin' you, that's what a thug will do
(Thugging, bust TECs, a suspect dangerous, and I love rough sex)
Yeah that's what's up
Even when I'm asleep the gats is up
Paranoid like Sunny drive backing up
But I'm from Bed-Stuy, killer with the flow
Let lead fly from out the fo'-fo', motherfuckers
S dot Carter
Y'all must try harder
Competition is
Nada!
Ladies scream papa
Niggas can't stop ya
Competition is
Nope, nope, nope
S dot Carter
Y'all must try harder
Competition is
Nada!
Ladies scream papa
Niggas can't stop ya
Competition is
Nope, nope, nope

Competition is none
I remain at the top like the sun
And I burn whoever come in my chambers of torture
The flame gon' spark ya
Blood stain the tarp
What remains, they chalk ya
Don't try to smooth talk us
You got nothing to offer
But the baby nine
And make ya fine offer
The chick is ill
Even with four-inch heels
No panties on and Patricia Fields
I get down
Just name the time, the place
We could take it back to Vaseline on our face
On a regular day we just gleam up your space
Rock our own line, got our whole team laced
RW with the torch on my jeans by the waist
Without heat we still gon steam up the place
(Amil-lion, Jigga man, flawless, here we go)

S dot Carter
Y'all must try harder
Competition is
Nada!
Ladies scream papa
Niggas can't stop ya
Competition is
Nope, nope, nope
S dot Carter
Y'all must try harder
Competition is
Nada!
Ladies scream papa
Niggas can't stop ya
Competition is
Nope, nope, nope1Embed
Ladies and gentlemen, let's put our hands together for this dynasty
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Welcome, ladies and gentlemen
To the eighth wonder of the world
The flow of the century
Always timeless
Hov
Thanks for coming out tonight
You could've been anywhere in the world
But you're here with me
I appreciate that
Uh

H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle, my nizzle, used to dribble down in VA
Was herbing 'em in the home of the Terrapins
Got it dirt cheap for them
Plus if they was short with cheese, I would work with them
Brought in weed, got rid of that dirt for them
Wasn't born hustlers, I was birthing 'em
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For sheezy, my neezy, keep my arms so breezy
Can't leave rap alone, the game needs me
Haters want me clapped in chrome, it ain't easy
Cops want to knock me, D.A. wants to box me in
But somehow, I beat them charges like Rocky
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Not guilty, he who does not feel me
Is not real to me, therefore he doesn't exist
So poof, vamoose, son of a bitch
You might also like
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle, my nizzle, used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, getcha damn hands up
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Not guilty, y'all got to feel me
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, getcha damn hands up (Holla at me)

I do this for my culture, to let 'em know
What a nigga look like when a nigga in a roadster
Show 'em how to move in a room full of vultures
Industry shady, it need to be taken over
Label owners hate me, I'm raisin' the status quo up
I'm overcharging niggas for what they did to the Cold Crush
Pay us like you owe us for all the years that you hoed us
We can talk, but money talks, so talk more bucks
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle, my nizzle, used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, getcha damn hands up
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Not guilty, y'all got to feel me
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, getcha damn hands up
Yeah, Hov is back, life stories told through rap
Niggas acting like I sold you crack (Yeah)
Like I told you sell drugs, no, Hov did that
So hopefully you won't have to go through that
I was raised in the projects, roaches and rats
Smokers out back sellin' they mama's sofa
Lookouts on the corner focused on the ave
Ladies in the window focused on the kinfolk
Me under a lamppost, why I got my hand closed?
Crack's in my palm, watching the long arm of the law
So you know I seen it all before
I've seen hoop dreams deflate like a true fiend's weight
To try and to fail, the two things I hate
Succeed and this rap game, the two things that's great
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
What else can I say about dude? I gets busy
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
For shizzle, my nizzle, used to dribble down in VA
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, getcha damn hands up
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
Not guilty, y'all got to feel me
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
That's the anthem, getcha damn hands up
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A
H to the izz-O, V to the izz-A47Embed
Uh-huh
That's right
It was all good just a week ago
Uh-huh-uh, it was all good just a week ago
Last week I had everything
Uh, uh-huh-uh, had this all good just a week ago
I had the money.. had the cars, the bitches
Uh-huh, yeah, it was all good just a week ago
And the jewelry..
And then my motherfuckin' niggas started snitchin'
Uh-huh, uh uh, yo, yo
Beatch!
Growin' up in the hood, just my dog and me
We used to hustle in the hood for all to see
Problems; I called on him, he called on me
We wasn't quite partners, I hit him off my P
Let him unlock doors off my keys
Yeah, we spoke, much more than cordially
Man, he broke bread with me, my business spread swiftly
The Feds came to get me, we both fled quickly
Wasn't quick enough to jump over the hedges with me
Got caught, and that's when our relationship strayed
Used to call me from the joint 'til he ran out of change
And when he called collect and I heard his name
I quickly accepted, but when I reached the phone
He's talkin' reckless, I can sense deceit in his tone
I said: "Damn, dog! What, nine weeks and you're home?"
He said: "Main man, you think shit's sweet 'cause you're home."
I just sat, spat no more speech in the phone
Them crackers up there bleachin' your dome, you're reachin'
I said: "The world don't stop, I got to keep, keep on."
From there I sensed the beef was on
I ran to the spy store to add some more features on my phone
To see if I had bugs and leeches on my phone
Can't be too safe, ‘cause niggas is two-faced
And they show the other side, when they catch a new case
It's on
You might also like
It was cool when you had hella weed to smoke
And you bought a new home where you could keep the folks
I don't see how this side of you could be provoked
Uh-huh, uh-huh, it was all good just a week ago
Funny what seven days can change
A stand up nigga, now you sit down to aim
Used to have a firm grip, now you dropping names
It was all good just a week ago

Like I put the toast to your head and made you sell
We both came in this game, blind as hell
I did a little better, had more clientele
Told you put away some cheddar, now you cryin' for bail
Seventeen and I'm holdin' on to around a mill'
I could bail out, blow trial and come around on appeal
Had niggas thinkin' I was from uptown for real
I had so much hustle, plus I was down to ill
Like a Brooklyn nigga, straight out of Brownsville
Down and dirty, down to fight to round 30
Freezin' on them corners, still holdin' my crack
Lookin' up and down the block, the fuck is the dough at?
Came from flat broke to lettin' the dough stack
You tell them Feds I said: "I'm never going back"
I'm from Marcy, and Marcy don't raise no rats
You know the consequences of your acts, you can't be serious
It was cool when you had hella weed to smoke
And you bought a new home where you could keep the folks
I don't see how this side of you could be provoked
Uh-huh, uh-huh, it was all good just a week ago
Funny what seven days can change
A stand up nigga, now you sit down to aim
Used to have a firm grip, now you dropping names
It was all good just a week ago

The lawyer I retained you said you leakin' some things
All this after a week in the bing
I'm mad at myself, 'cause I didn't spot the weakling
I would've bet the house you wouldn't speak a thing
Nigga, this was the oath, to the top or broke
Even pricked our finger, anything that got between us
We supposed to cock the ninas, what happened to that?
Instead you copped out to a misdemeanor
Fuck it, the same thing make you laugh make you cry (that's right)
The same game that make you math could make you die
(That's life) It's a dice game, and sometimes you crap
Who would've thought you'd get popped one time and rat?
Now you know that's bad when your sister is mad
And your son gotta grow up, like, "This is my dad?"
The labeling of a snitch is a lifetime scar
You'll always be in jail, nigga, just minus the bars
It was cool when you had hella weed to smoke
And you bought a new home where you could keep the folks
I don't see how this side of you could be provoked
Uh-huh, uh-huh, it was all good just a week ago
Funny what seven days can change
A stand up nigga, now you sit down to aim
Used to have a firm grip, now you dropping names
It was all good just a week ago

Shit is crazy man
All these niggas out here snitchin'
We was one step away from takin' this crack money
And recyclin' it through the ghettos
And buildin' back up our own hoods
Now all you niggas start snitchin' on each other
I got partners doin' 15-20
Wouldn'ta been doin' SHIT
If you didn't snitch, beatch!
It's about time y'all check that shit out man
It ain't all good, shut your mouth
Just watch the game
And don't snitch
We'd sure go a lot whole further
Believe that baby
Jay-Z, Short Dawg's in the house mane
You know I got it
Got it goin' on
We got the money
Ain't got nuthin' to do with crime baby
But I'm recognizin'
You rat bastard!16Embed
Ah shit, okay, okay, alright
Big man! You wanna make some big bucks, huh?
Let's see how tough you are
You know something about cocaine? Digame!
You kidding me or what man?
There's a bunch of Colombians coming in Friday - new guys
They said they got two keys for us, for openers
Pure cocaine, you tell 'em, capiche?
I want you to go over there
And if it is what they say it is, you buy it, you bring it back
You can do that you make five grand
Meet them at the Bodegas, noon Friday
You get the buy money then
Oh and chico, if anything happens to the buy money
Eh, pobrecito
JAY-Z's gonna stick your heads up your asses faster than a rabbit gets fucked

Bounce.. bounce, bounce, Jay-Z huh?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, Roc-A-Fella y'all, ha ha
Bounce, bounce, bounce, Roc-A-Fella y'all
Check, check
You might also like
Yo, I'm making short term goals when the weather folds
Just put away the leathers, and put ice on the gold
Chilly with enough bail money to free a Big Willie
High stakes, I got more at stake than Philly
Shopping sprees, cop in three
Deuce fever IS's fully loaded, ah, yes
Bouncing in the Lex Luger, tires smoke like Buddha
50 G's to the crap shooter, niggas can't fade me
Chrome socks beaming
Through my peripheral I see you scheming
Stop dreaming, I leave your body steaming
Niggas is fiending, what's the meaning?
I'm leaning on any nigga intervening
With the sound of my money machining (brrrr)
My cup runneth over with hundreds
I'm one of the best niggas that done it, six digits and running
Y'all niggas don't want it!
I got the Godfather flow, the Don Juan DeMarco
Swear to God, don't get it fucked up!
I'm taking out this time (Yeah, yeah, what)
To give you a piece of my mind
('Cause you can't knock the hustle)
Who do you think you are?
Baby, one day you'll be a star
Last seen out of state where I drop my sling
I'm deep in the South, kicking up top game
Bouncing on the highway, switching fo' lanes
Screaming through the sunroof, money ain't a thang
Your worst fear confirmed
Me and my fam roll tight like The Firm
Getting down for life, that's right, you better learn
Why play with fire? You burn
We get together like a choir, to acquire what we desire
We do dirt like worms, produce G's like sperm
'Til legs spread like germs
I got extensive hoes with expensive clothes
And I sip fine wines and spit vintage flows
What y'all don't know?
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, 'cause you can't knock the hustle

But until then lately, I'm the one who's crazy?
'Cause that's the way you're making me feel
('Cause you can't knock the hustle)
The way you make me feel
I'm just trying to get mine, I don't have the time
To knock the hustle for real

Yo, y'all niggas lunching, punching the clock
My function is to make much and lay back munching
Sipping Remy on the rocks, my crew something to watch
Nothing to stop, un-stoppable
Scheme on the ice, I gotta hot your crew
I gotta, let you niggas know the time like Movado
My motto, stack rocks like Colorado
Waddle off the champagne, Cristals by the bottle
It's a damn shame what you're not though, (Who?) me!
Slick like a gato, fucking Jay-Z
My pops knew exactly what he did when he made me
Tried to get a nut, and he got a nut, and.. what!?
Straight bananas; can a nigga see me?
Got the US Open, advantage Jigga
Serve like Sampras, play fake rappers like a campus
Le Tigre, son, you're too eager
You ain't having it? Good! Me either
Let's get together and make this whole world believe us, huh?
At my arraignment, screaming
All us blacks got is sports and entertainment, until we even
Thieving, as long as I'm breathing
Can't knock the way a nigga eating, fuck you even!
I'm taking out this time, to give you a piece of my mind
Who do you think you are?
Baby, one day you'll be a star
But until then lately, I'm the one who's crazy?
'Cause that's the way you're making me feel
I'm just trying to get mine, I don't have the time
To knock the hustle for real36Embed
You know how we do
Roc-A-Fella... forever...

You can catch me
Skatin' through your town, puttin' it down, y'all relatin'
No waitin', I'll make your block infrared hot: I'm like Satan
Y'all feel a nigga's struggle, y'all think a nigga love to
Hustle behind the wheel, tryin' to escape my trouble
Kids stop they greetin' me, I'm talking sweet to keys
Cursin' the very God that brought this grief to be
My life is based on sacrifices, jewels like Isis
And fools that think I slip, you fuck around
You get your guys hit, they built me to be filthy
On some I-do-or-die shit, for real
The price of leather's got me, deeper than ever and
Just think, winter's here, I'm tryin' to feel mink, nig-ga

Politics as usual

I took my Frito to Tito in the district
Blessed me with some VS
Somethings I can live with: stop frontin'
And for the dough I raise, gotta get shit appraised
No disrespect to you, make sure your word is true
I'm takin' wages down in Vegas just in case Tyson
Have a major night off, that's clean money, the tax write-off
You ain't seen money in your life, when it
Comes to this cheese y'all like Three Blind Mice
I'm smokin' bros who pump Willie, I expose
The furthest you Chiles been is the Poconos
My portfolio reads: leads to Don Corleone, nigga please
10-year felon, heavy on the wrist, I faze yous
With the diamond flooded Jesus and blind your facials
For life... it's right, Jigga, I keep it tight, nig-ga
You might also like
Politics as usual

You feel my triumph never - feel my pain
I'm lyin' low in the leathers, I am, the best that's ever came
The game changes like my mind just ain't right
Rewind get this dough, I guess it ain't your night
Suckin' me in like a vacuum, I remember
Tellin' my family: "I'll be back soon"; that was December
'85 and Jay-Z rise 10 years later
Got me wise still can't break my underworld ties
I wear black a lot, in the Ac', act a lot
Got matchin' VCR's, a huge Magnavox
Ten inch, green like spinach, pop wines that's vintage
It's a lot of big money in my sentence
Hittin' towards a mil', lip a, written I kill like that
Check baby one-two cat, yeah, I do that
Ain't no stoppin' the champagne from poppin'
The drawers from droppin', the law from watchin', I hate 'em

Politics as usual17Embed

Yo wassup everybody, this is Maria Davis
Mad Wednesdays, we here tonight to have a good time
(Yo! Start the show! Start the show!)
Wait a minute; I see my man over there, Jay-Z
Jay-Z, Dame Dash let me hear that lil tape of yours, and it's phat
Why don't you come up here and kick a lil freestyle?
Put that champagne down, and kick a lil freestyle for me tonight

Can I kick it? (Yes you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes you can!)
Y'all motherfuckers must've heard that Tribe Called Quest shit
Let's do it again!
Can I kick it? (Yes you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes you can!)
Well I'm gone... check this out

Too much West Coast dick lickin'
And too many niggas on a mission, doin' your best Jay-Z rendition
Too many rough motherfuckers, I got my suspicions
That you're just fish in a pool of sharks, nigga, listen
Too many bitches wanna be ladies, so if you a ho
I'ma call you a ho, too many bitches are shady
Too many ladies give these niggas too many chances
Too many brothers wannabe lovers don't know what romance is
Too many bitches stuck up from too many sexual advances
No question; Jay-Z got too many answers
I been around this block too many times
Rocked too many rhymes, cocked too many nines, too
To all my brothers it ain't too late to come together
'Cause too much black and too much love, equal forever
I don't follow any guidelines 'cause too many niggas ride mine
So I change styles every two rhymes
You might also like
Hah, what the fuck
That's 22 two's for y'all motherfuckers out there, nahmean?
Shall I continue? Check it out, what?

Can I kick it? (Yes you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes you can!)
Can I kick it? (Yes you can!)
Well I'm gone... yo, yo, yo

Copped to reach my quota, push rock, roll up smooth like on ya
Whole groove like hold-up, swoll up
Too many faggot niggas clockin' my spendin'
Exercisin' your gay-like minds like Richard Simmons
If you could catch Jay right, on the late night
Without the eight, right, maybe you could test my weight, right
I dip, spit quicker than you ever seen
Administer pain, next the minister's screamin' your name
At your wake as I peek in, look in your casket
Feelin' sarcastic, "Look at him, still sleepin'"
You never ready, forever petty minds stay petty
Mine's thinkin' longevity until I'm seventy
Livin' heavenly, fuck, felony after felony, what?
Nigga you broke, what the fuck you going to tell me?
Jay-Z, Jay-Z, now you know this is a phat track (aight)
Now this is comin' on your new album, on Roc-A-Fella records in '96?
(No doubt, no doubt)

Fox Brown (What, what)
Ha-ha-ha (Yeah, Jay-Z, what)

I keep it fresher than the next, bitch
No need for you to ever sweat the next bitch (Aha)
With speed, I make the best bitch see the exit, indeed
You gotta know you're thoroughly respected by me
You get the keys to the Lexus with no driver (What)
You got your own '96 somethin' to ride (Ride)
And keep your ass tight up in Versace, that's why
You gotta watch your friends, you got to watch me, they connivin'
Shit, the first chance to crack the bank, they try me
All they get is 50 cent franks and papayas
From the village to the telly, time to kill it on your belly no question
Had more black chicks between my sheets than "Essence" (What)
They say sex is a weapon
So when I shoot, meet your death in less than 8 seconds
Still poundin' in my afterlife
Laughin', my shit is tight, who you askin', right?

Ain't no nigga like the one I got
No one can fuck you better
Sleeps around but he gives me a lot
Keeps you in diamonds and leathers
Friends'll tell me I should leave you alone
​​​Hah-hah (​​​Hah-hah), hah-hah (​​​Hah-hah)
Tell the freaks to find a man of their own (Yeah, right)
Man of their own, man of their own (Yeah, yeah)
You might also like
Fresh to death in Mo-schi-no (Aha), coach bag
Lookin' half black and Filipino, fakin' no jacks
Got you a beeper to feel important, surroundin' your feet
In Joan & David and Charles Jourdan, I keep you dove, but love
You know these hoes be makin' me weak
Y'all knows how it goes, B, and so I creep
I've been sinnin' since you been playin' with Barbie and Ken and
You can't change a player's game in the 9th inning
The chrome rim spinnin' keeps them grinnin'
So I run way the fuck up in 'em and wrinkle they face like linen
I play hard until they say, "God
He's keepin' it real, Jigga stay hard"
Lord, don't even trip, shit, I never slip
Nigga, get a grip, what you don't see is what you get (What)
Weapons concealed, what the fuck y'all feel
When you niggas play sick (Foxy Brown) we can all get ill (Deal)

What the deal? Ain't no nigga like the one I got
No one can fuck you better
Sleeps around but he gives me a lot
Keeps you in diamonds and leathers
Friends'll tell me I should leave you alone
​​​Hah-hah (​​​Hah-hah), hah-hah (​​​Hah-hah)
Tell the freaks to find a man of their own (Hah, hah)
Man of their own, man of their own (Right, right)
Yo, ain't no stoppin' this, no lie
Promise to stay monogamous, I try
But, love, you know these hoes be makin' me weak
Y'all know how it goes, B, so I stay deep
What up, boo? Just keep me laced in the illest snakes
Bank rolls and shit, back rubs in the french tubs
Mackin' this bitch, wifey nigga
So when you flip that coke, remember the days you was dead broke
But now you style and I raised you, basically made you
Into a don, flippin' weight, Her-on and shit
You know the pussy is all that
That's why I get baguettes, 5 carats and all that
From Dolce Gabbana to H Bendel, I'm ringin' bells
So who the player? I still keep you in the illest gators
Tailor-made so we can lay up in the shade reminiscin'
On how I fuck the best and shit
Especially when I'm sippin' Baileys
Don't give a fuck about how you move with them other mamis
I push the Z, eatin' shrimp scampi with rocks larger than life
Fuck them Reebok broads, you made it known who your wife was
I got you frontin' in Armani sweaters
Before this rap shit, when you was in leathers and bullshit Berettas
And E classes with Mo in the glasses
Shows in Cali with all the flavor suede Bally's
Now all your mens is up in your Benz's
High post, I swear you be killin' me, playin' inside my pubic hairs
I never worry about them other chicks
'Cause you proved who was your wiz
When you was spendin' that bitch
I took a little when you was up north, your commissary stay pilin'
How you livin' large on the island?
All them collects have me vexed, but when you come home
Knew I was comin' off with half of them checks
Now we on the rise
Your diamond mami with the slanted eyes
Holdin' this grip, cocked the En Glee-Kay and shit
Fucks no, I see half of that dough
Made you into a star, pushin' hundred-thousand-dollar cars
Ain't no nigga like the one I got (Ah, baby, Foxy Brown)
No one can fuck you better (Jay-Z nigga)
Sleeps around but he gives me a lot
Keeps you in diamonds and leathers
Friends'll tell me I should leave you alone
​​​Hah-hah (​​​Hah-hah), hah-hah (​​​Hah-hah)
Tell the freaks to find a man of their own (Jay-Z, Jay-Z)
Man of their own, man of their own (Foxy Brown, Foxy Brown)
Ain't no nigga like the one I got
No one can fuck you better
Sleeps around but he gives me a lot
Keeps you in diamonds and leathers
Friends'll tell me I should leave you alone6Embed

Check one, check two
Shit, you know what to do
Preemo, Cold Crush when I give it to you

Friend or foe, yo, state your biz
Ummm, you tendin' dough? Ah, there it is
Me, I run the show, oh, and these kids don't like nobody comin' around here fuckin' with they dough for shit
You enterprisin' though, and I like it
But fuck with the big dogs, yo, I gotta bite ya
Look, it's out of my hands
And you gettin' money 'round here, it's not in the plans
Don't hop yo' ass out of that van, head back to Kansas
I'm sendin' niggas back up in campuses
Chance is slimmer than that chick in Calvin Klein pants is
Let me guess, they said it was money 'round here
And the rest is me stoppin' you from gettin' it, correct?
Sorry to hear that, my guess is you got work at the hotel
I'll take care of that, you'll soon see
Now please give me the room key
You're twitchin', don't do that, you makin' me nervous
My crew, well, they do pack, them dudes is murderers
So please, would you put your hand back in sight?
They don't like to see me nervous, you can understand that, right?
You draw, better be Picasso—you know, the best
'Cause if this is not so, ah, God bless
You leave me no choice, I'll leave you no voice
Believe you me, son
I hate to do it just as bad as you hate to see it done
Now calm your boys
'Cause I'm findin' it a little hard to concentrate with all the noise
Get the point, I'll let you go; before you leave
I guess I ought to let you know, I need those keys
And a promise you never, no matter the weather
Ever ever ever ever ever ever come around here no mo', ha hahaYou might also like16Embed
Yeah...
Come experience... life as we know it
As some of you should know it
Place: Marcy, Brooklyn
Actions: well, y'all know the actions

Uhh, I got this shorty on my block always clocking my rocks
He likes the style and profile I think he wanna mock
He likes the way I walk, he see my money talking
To honies hawking, I'm the hottest nigga in New York and
I see his hunger pains, I know his blood boils
He wanna run with me, I know this kid'll be loyal
I watched him make a few ends, to cop his little sneakers and gear
Then it's just enough for re-up again
I see myself in his eyes, I moved from Levi's
To Guess to Versace, now it's diamonds like Liberace
That's just the natural cycle
Nobody want to be like Michael where I'm from
Just them niggas who bounced from a gun
We out here trying to make hard white into cohhhhld green
I can help shorty blow out like Afro-Sheen
Plus I can relive my days of youth which is gone
That little nigga's peeps, it's time to put him on
You might also like
It's time to come up (and hold my own weight, defend my crown)
Gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand my ground)
It's time to come up (stick up my chest, and make some loot)
Gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand on my own two)

I'm out here slinging, bringing the drama, trying to come up
In the game and add a couple of dollar signs to my name
I'm out here serving, disturbing the peace
Life could be better like my man reclined in plush leather seats
He's selling weight, I'm selling eight.. balls
Sixteen, trying to graduate to pushing quarters y'all
I ain't going to sweat him I'm a let him come to me
If he give me the nod then these niggas going to see
I'm tired of being out here round the clock, and breaking day
And chasing crackheads up the block for my pay
I'm staying fresh, so chickens check
I'm trying to step up to the next level
Pushing 'Vettes through the 'jects
Diamonds reflect from the sun, directly in your equilibrium
And stunned, I'm waiting for my day to come
I got the urge to splurge
I don't want a lifetime sentence, just give me the word

It's time to come up (and hold my own weight, defend my crown)
Gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand my ground)
It's time to come up (stick up my chest, and make some loot)
Gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand on my own two)
Hey fella I been watching you clocking
Who me? Holding down this block? It ain't nothing
You the man nigga, now stop fronting
Hahah, I like your style (Nah, I like your style)
Let's drive around awhile! Cool, nigga
Here's a thou', A G? I ride with you for free
I want the long-term riches and bitches
Have it all, now listen to me
You let them other niggas get the name, skip the fame
Ten thou' or a hundred G keep your shit the same
(On the low?) Yeah, the only way to blow
You let your shit bubble quietly (AND THEN YOU BLOW!)
Kid, keep your cool
The only way to peep a fool is let him show his hand
Then you play your cards, then he through dealing I understand
Don't blow your dough on hotties
The only thing I got in this world is my word and my nuts
And won't break 'em for nobody
Hah, I like your résumé, pick a day, you can start
From now until death do us part, nigga (Right!)

It's time to come up (and hold my own weight, defend my crown)
Gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand my ground)
It's time to come up (and stick up my chest, and make some loot)
Gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand on my own two)
It's time to come up (and hold my own weight, defend my crown)
Gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand my ground)
It's time to come up ( and stick up my chest, and make some loot)
Gots to lock it down and when they rush (stand on my own two)9Embed
Hah, hah, hah, hah, yeah, yeah
What it is player?
(You player, it's all about you
How you gon' say that man)
If I had your hand I'd turn mine in
(Far as I'm concerned, if I had your hand, I cut mines off)
Hah man, you know man, I'm just dealing that hoe money
You know hoe money is slow money but it's sho' money
(Check this out man, you run up on your bitches
This is what you tell 'em
Stick they hands in they panties, grab that knot
Stick they arm in a car window, drop it like it's hot)

Uhh, I talk jewels and spit diamonds: all cherry
Like a hymen, when I'm rhyming with remarkable timing
Caviar and silk dreams, my voice is linen
Spitting venom up in the minds of young women
Mink thoughts to think thoughts type similar
Might you remember, my shit is cold like December
Smoother than Persian rugs, the cashmere
Chromosomes make a nigga Jigga - Jay-Z, lethal drugs
18-carat gold pen, when it hits the sheets
Words worth a million like I'm rapping them through platinum teeth
I got the Grey Poupon, you been warned
'Cause all beef return well done filet mignon
The Don, smell of Dom on my breath as I
Yawn, (slow) when you hoes try to con a pro
As if you didn't know, Jay's about getting dough
Spitting flow like fine wine down your earlobe
I'm smooth but deadly like a pearl handled pistol
Honeys hum in melody when I rub it like crystal
The proper etiquette when I drop the subject verb
Then the predicate with this rich nigga rhetoric
I'm solid gold, I rap like a mink stole
I stick pearl tongues your world'll never know
From New York to Paris, the vocal style vary
From nice to deadly like a bad bag of D, now
Notice the child swift like a Lotus
Focus on the loc', I be the greatest nigga that wrote it
Return of the Jedi from Rio De Janeiro on the red eye
Yet I still feel the need to be fly
I did die when I'm rapping then slide like satin
You know the black I white china in the brain cabinet
I never cry if I did I'd cry ice
From my nigga Sauce, I hit you with this advice
Life's short, so play hard and stick hard
And the only time you love them is when your dick hard
You might also like
Whoooh! (That's cashmere baby)
Nah, you know, that's just laid back man
(Man, shit, J to the A to the Y to the Z)
Cashmere baby
(Motherfucking pimp that's what he be)
Cashmere baby
(It don't get no hotter than that baby)
Sho' yo right, sho' yo right
(Them niggas know)

Check it out, check it out
Ghetto's Errol Flynn, hot like heroin
Young pimps is sterile when I pimp through your borough and
I gotta keep your tricks intact
'Cause I walk like a pimp, talk like a mack, man
The star player, the golden bar layer
The sweet Ms. Fine Thing puh-layah, sho' yo right
I'm game tight, so why should it change tonight?
Go tell your peeps dog I'm lethal until it ain't right
I pimp hard on a trick: look
Fuck if your leg broke bitch, hop up on your good foot...11Embed
Aye, Purse, rack 'em up, man
What you bettin', Biggs?
Bet the same thing
Ay, yo, I got next, man
Yo, you got the money, man? You ass bettin' ass, nigga
The shit is right downstairs in the trunk
Don't trip; we parked right behind each other, nigga
I'ma get the shit before we go downstairs
Yeah, aight, what's up with that case, man?
Aw, man, it ain't nothin
Ain't nobody snitchin or nothin; you know our team is tight
Still sittin on seven digits, unlike you, you broke ass nigga
Fuck outta here, this cat right here
This broke ass, ass bettin ass nigga
Bettin five thousand ain't got no money
Chili cheese face ass nigga (fuck outta here)
Sandy cake face ass nigga (fuck outta here)
(Laughter)

Ayo, Jay, word up
These motherfuckers fucking talking
That comeback shit like they cooking crack
Shit, I ain't fronting
All I want my pockets green like slum change
You know what I'm saying?
Front the roll we roll back like rubbers, motherfucker, for real
With no trace of AIDS
We keep our pockets fully blown
Roc-A-Fella clique, nigga
You might also like
Ayo, we patting down pussy from Sugar Hill to the Shark Bar
Fuck a bitch D in the marked car
We got the bad bitches gasping for air in Aspen
Searching for Aspirin when I ascend, we swing
You cling, we do our thing and bring
Slinging your ding-a-ling from Bed-Stuy, Brooklyn to Beijing
East coast host is hostile colossal
Money flaring like nostrils for drug dealing apostles, huh
Al Pacino down to Nino Brown
Me, Jay and Preemo, got it sewed across the board like Pokeno
Teflon, make sure your jammy is full
'Cause I heard, Sammy the Bull lamps in Miami with pull
Tropical leaves where I got a few keys
With my man I'll stock a few G's, now it's unstoppable cheese
Said we was garbage, so fuck college
Street knowledge amazing to scholars when we coin phrases for dollars
Star studded bitches with crystals
Get fucked with pistols, just to see my shit, discharge puss
I drop the stellar, even acapella
I got to tell all about Roc-A-Fella

Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing
Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing
Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing
Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing
Mannerisms of a young Bobby DeNiro, spent Spanish wisdoms
In a whip with dinero, crime organized like the Pharoahe
I cream, I diamond gleam
High post like Hakeem, got a lot of things to drop
Brooklyn to Queens, I gotta keep my steam
Niggas wanna try to hem my long jeans
Uptown fiend for Jay-Z to appear on the scene
In the meanwhile, here's something dope for y'all to lean
Liaison for days on end
Money make the world go around so I made some to spend
Can I live, did dough with my nigs, dividends flow
Like the Mississippi Riv', looking jig
Can't do for dolo, had to turn away when Tony killed Manolo
That's real, mixed feelings like a mulatto
Thug thought he was O.G. Bobby Johnson
I played him like Benny Blanco, mano a mano
You ain't ready, I fondle trigger straight up, shoot my guns
Horizontal, get your weight up, I am
Two point two pounds
You're barely a hundred and twenty five grams
Wouldn't expect y'all to understand this money
Do the knowledge, due to few dollars, I'm due to demolish
Crews Brooklyn through Hollis to a hood near you, what the fuck?

Bring it on if you think you can hang
Money is power, I'm energetic with facial credit
Pure platinum fetish for cheddars
Spread lettuce, heroes get deadish
I make moves that remove pebbles out of shoes
You suck pistol like pipe with the crystal
John Stockton couldn't assist you
Convoys of Benzes like we fouling in the U.N
So what the fuck you doing? Whatever, nigga
Fahrvergnügen, rugged yet polished
Spanking dollars with the commas
Banging bitches out the Bahamas
On hides of llama we cry nada, fly farther
Fry hotter, you die gotta, fuck with me witness mañana
Absence of malice in my palace
Call cousin now Dallas trigger finger with the callus
Tip scales from mail to keep these niggas off balance
Your frequent stops to O.T.B. you feeding me
Steam a nigga scheming on the wrist action with the gleams
Jewels for Pop Duke fulfill your dreams
Never put the pure brown sugar before the dirty green cream

Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing
Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing
Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing
Yeah, bring it on if you think you can hang
And if not then let me do my thing
Yeah, bring it on, bring it on, bring it on
Yeah, bring it on, bring it on, bring it on
Yeah, bring it on, bring it on, bring it on
Yeah, bring it on, bring it on, bring it on
Bring it on, if you think, if you think, if you think15Embed
Stress...
Sunshine, shade, geyeah

I sold it all, from crack to opium
In third person, I don't wanna see 'em
So I'm rehearsin' with my peoples how to G 'em
From a remote location in the BM
Scopin' the whole situation, like, "Damn!"
Metamorphic, as the dope turns to cream
But one of these buyers got eyes like a Korean
It's difficult to read 'em
The windows to his soul were half closed, I put the key in
Pulled off slow, hopin' my people fleein'
Chink tried to knock the only link that tied me in
Coppers was watchin' us through nighttime binoculars
This time they got us on tape, exchangin' dope for dollars
Make me wanna holler back at the crib in the sauna
Prayin' my people bailed out like Time Warner
Awaitin' a call, from his kin, not the coroner
Phone in my hand, nervous confined to a corner
Beads of sweat, second thoughts on my mind
How can I ease the stress and learn to live with these regrets?
(This time, stress, givin' this shit up, fuck)
You might also like
This is the number one rule for your set
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
On the rise to the top many drop, don't forget
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
This is the number one rule for your set
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
If through our travels we get separated, never forget
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets

As sure as this Earth is turnin', souls burnin'
In search of higher learnin', turnin' in every direction, seekin' direction
My mom's cryin', because her insides are dyin'
Her son tryin' her patience, keep her heart racin'
A million beats a minute, I know I push you to your limit
But it's this game Love, I'm caught up all in it
They make it so you can't prevent it
Never give it, you gotta take it, can't fake it, I keep it authentic
My hand got this pistol shakin'
'Cause I sense danger like Camp Crystal Lake and
Don't wanna shoot him, but I got him trapped within this infrared dot
About to hot him and hit rock bottom
No answers to these trick questions, no time, shit's stressin'
My life found I got to live for the right now
Time waits for no man, can't turn back the hands
Once it's too late, got to learn to live with regrets
You used to hold me, told me that I was the best
Anything in this world I want I could possess
All that made me want is all that I could get
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
(When I was young) you used to hold me
Told me I was the best
Anything in this world I want I could possess
All that made me want is all that I could get
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
I found myself reminiscin', remember this one?
When he was here he was crazy nice with his, son
I miss him, long as I'm livin' he's livin' through memories
He's there to kill all my suicidal tendencies
In Heaven lookin' over me, or in Hell keepin' it cozy
I'm comin', life on these streets ain't what it's supposed to be
Remember Newton, mutual friend? Well, me and him feudin'
On your life I tried to talk to him
But you know niggas, think they guns can stop four niggas
Frontin' like they're Big Willie but really owe niggas
Hoe niggas, this year I'll show niggas — think I'm slippin'?
I'm about to send you a roommate, no bullshittin'
But my hustle's goin' too well to hit him
You was right, niggas want you to be miserable with them
Anyway, I ain't tryin' to hear it, I think I'm touched
This whole verse I been talkin' to your spirit a little too much
This is the number one rule for your set
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
On the rise to the top many drop, don't forget
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
This is the number one rule for your set
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
If through our travels we get separated, never forget
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
This is the number one rule for your set
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
On the rise to the top many drop, don't forget
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
This is the number one rule for your set
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets
If through our travels we get separated, never forget
In order to survive, got to learn to live with regrets

Roc-A, Roc-A, Roc-A, Roc-A-Fella y'all14Embed
Woke up this morning (Uh-oh!)
Got yourself—yourself—yourself—yourself
Chyeah

I got myself a gun
Uh-oh! Geah, geah
Yeah, I got myself a gun
Brooklyn, stand up
I got myself a gun

But really, I don't need the heat (Nah)
Your heart pump project Kool-Aid, you're sweet (Nigga)
I don't gotta two-way, you gays
This is not beef, this is rap, homie; I don't have a scratch on me
You feel Jay soft, rip Jay off
Damn, I'm only worth over a hundred million
Look, I got beef with, like, a hundred children
Niggas with pink suits (Faggot) tryna get cute (Ha)
You a little out of line homie, don't let the nine, homie
Put you out your mind, homie, just rhyme, homie
Kick your little lies, I kick my real facts
Like you sneaking out the back of that Source Soundlab, ha (Pew!)
We wasn't chasing you (Nah), we had a taping, too
We came through to do our one-two thing (Check, what's up)
It wasn't a Roc-A-Fella come-through thing
'Cause if it was on like that, I would come through Queens
With Queens niggas—you know how I do
Look, I got more shooters in Queensbridge than you (Tah)
Niggas'll tie you up on the Colosseum roof
And open beer bottles off the boy chipped tooth (Ping!)
Look here
You might also like
I got myself a gun
Uh-oh! Uh-huh, ugh, ugh, geah
Yeah, I got myself a gun

Listen, I'm the J, the A, to the fuck-this-broad (Oh)
This nigga never sold Aspirin—how you Escobar?
Had to buy your chain back last time you got robbed (Goddamn)
The nerve of this coward nigga, oh my God
And I don't rap rumors or innuendos
I bring it to you live, lift up your window
Let the public peek in, see your dirty laundry
Y'all don't want me to continue, ho!

Super ugly (Nigga!)
I don't give a fuck

All I really know is your ho wants to be with me
And she ain't playing
And what I'm saying (She creeps, she creeps)
With me and sleeps between the sheets
Me and the boy A.I. got more in common
Than just balling and rhyming—get it? More in Carmen
I came in your Bentley backseat (Damn)
Skeeted in your Jeep (Woo)
Left condoms on your baby-seat (Woo)
Here, nigga—the gloves is off, the love is done
It's whatever, whenever, however, nigga (One!)
And since you infatuated with saying that gay shit: (Faggot)
Bitch, you was kissing my dick when you was kissing that bitch! (Oh)
Nasty shit, you thought I was boning Renette
You calling Carm' a hundred times, I was boning her neck
You got a baby by the broad, you can't disown her yet
When does your lies end? When does the truth begin?
When does reality set in, or does it not matter?
Gotta hurt: I'm your baby mama's favorite rapper (Haha)
And ask your current girl, she know what's up
Holla at a real nigga! Jigga! (I don't give a fuck!)
All I really know is your ho wants to be with me
And she ain't playing
And what I'm saying (She creeps with me)
And sleeps between the sheets

"That's all right. These things gotta happen every five years or so. Ten years. Helps to get rid of the bad blood. It's been ten years since the last one."16Embed
Uh, letter to my dad that I never wrote
Speeches I prepared that I never spoke
Words on a paper that I never read
Proses never penned, they stayed in my head
Jotted on dotted lines, "I'ma fight you, nigga"
From stories that I heard, I'm just like you, nigga
Must've been some pain in your past, too
Must've been a karma that was past due
Must it be the energy that passed through
Must've been a pastor, many snafus
Started a good man, you married my mama
I was in her belly, you hurried that Summer
She had two kids from a previous mister
One family, I don't believe in half-sisters
Never treated my brother like a step, Pop
Remembered the many lessons when we stepped out

What was you preparing us—
For?

Did you see the runt as the front-runner
Leader of the pack, you see that in your youngins
What ancestors did you summon to the summit
To give me what I needed, what you need to take from 'em
The tsunamis that I swum in to become in
Had the cable with the anchor for the places that I sunk in
Unc in a better place but you couldn't function
Shot junk in your arms, more than your veins was punctured
I punted on feelings, 'cause you said you was coming
You couldn't kick the habit, I wish you said something
You can't avenge these many sins with your own hands
You wanna make God laugh, just tell him your plans
Who would've thought I'd be the dad I never had
Be the husband I've become, usually nothing come from that
I forgive you as I live through the beautiful present of the past
I'm just thankful that I get all these gifts to unwrap
You might also like
What was you preparing us—
For?12Embed
Kill JAY-Z, they'll never love you
You'll never be enough, let's just keep it real, JAY-Z
Fuck JAY-Z, I mean, you shot your own brother
How can we know if we can trust JAY-Z?
And you know better, nigga, I know you do
But you gotta do better, boy, you owe it to Blue
You had no father, you had the armor
But you got a daughter, gotta get softer
Die JAY-Z, this ain't back in the days
You don't need an alibi, JAY-Z
Cry JAY-Z, we know the pain is real
But you can't heal what you never reveal
What's up, JAY-Z? You know you owe the truth
To all the youth that fell in love with JAY-Z
You got people you love you sold drugs to
You got high on the life, that shit drugged you
You walkin' around like you invincible
You dropped outta school, you lost your principles
I know people backstab you, I felt bad too
But this 'fuck everybody' attitude ain't natural
But you ain't a saint, this ain't kumbaye
But you got hurt because you did cool by 'Ye
You gave him twenty million without blinkin'
He gave you twenty minutes on stage, fuck was he thinkin'?
"Fuck wrong with everybody?" is what you sayin'
But if everybody's crazy, you're the one that's insane
Crazy how life works
You got a knot in your chest, imagine how a knife hurts
You stabbed Un over some records
Your excuse was "He was talkin' too reckless!"
Let go your ego over your right shoulder
Your left is sayin', "Finish your breakfast!"
You egged Solange on
Knowin' all along, all you had to say you was wrong
You almost went Eric Benét
Let the baddest girl in the world get away
I don't even know what else to say
Nigga, never go Eric Benét!
I don't even know what you woulda done
In the future other niggas playin' football with your son
You woulda lost it
13 bottles of Ace of Spade, what it did to Boston
Nah, JAY-Z
Bye, JAY-ZYou might also like55Embed
Yeah, uh
Vacay the pain away, uh
Smoking the pain away, uh
Drinking the–uh

Look at all we been through since last August
Skating through the rumors like, "Aw, shit!"
Still came back, fucked up the red carpet
Shows how big your heart is
On the Run, we took a hundred together
More than the money, it was the fact that we done it together
Uh, healing in real time
Song Cry to Resentment, that was real crying
Bonnie and Clyde things, we hold it down
Had we surrendered then, that'd be the real crime
Got through it, got blessed times two with it
New Bel-Air estates with four pools in it
I told my bro, "You gotta go home," over vino
Goodfella, don't gamble with your life, this ain't Casino
Cost him two mill' plus the child support
We'll get the money back, but not the child support
It's getting too late, we can't afford mistakes
Woulda broke me down had you got away
It woulda broke me up, you took my child away
I'm glad we found a way
Sexin' the pain away
Vacay the pain away
Drinking the pain away
Smoking the pain away
You might also like
Too perfect not to wonder (yeah)
If we created a flame that would warm us 'til it’s over
We invented lovers from company for the summer
I was many faces, but at least I was willing to change
I was worried that the way I was would end me up alone
Shit feels so beautiful, don't you agree?
I was worried that the way I was would end me up alone


Our external reality is an opportunity to heal our internal upset
Let's build a cathedral these evils couldn't fuck with
I wanna spend my Saturdays and my latter-days
Eating sundaes and enjoying Mondays
Not worrying about what none say

Yoncé, all on this mouth like liquor
Uh, that my nigga, uh, that my nigga
Over everything, each of our mood swings
Whenever attitudes change, like a mood ring
Ain't nothing like somebody that get ya, baby, I get ya
Let's go through this thing, come out stronger, the golden journey
Broken is better than new, that's kintsukuroi
You're fine china, I'm a bull and ball in a china shop
I promise to repair with gold each bowl I drop
Be grateful for whatever comes because each has been sent
From a guy from beyond, that's what Rumi say
"Never go to bed mad," that's what my Ummi say
It always took her less to say more
I always thought she was an angel, now I'm sure, sure7Embed
Skin is, skin is
Skin black, my skin is black
My, black, my skin is yellow

Light nigga, dark nigga, faux nigga, real nigga
Rich nigga, poor nigga, house nigga, field nigga
Still nigga, still nigga
I like that second one
Light nigga, dark nigga, faux nigga, real nigga
Rich nigga, poor nigga, house nigga, field nigga
Still nigga, still nigga

O.J. like, "I'm not black, I'm O.J.," okay

House nigga, don't fuck with me
I'm a field nigga, with shined cutlery
Gold-plated quarters, where the butlers be
I'ma play the corners where the hustlers be
I told him, "Please don't die over the neighborhood
That your mama rentin'
Take your drug money and buy the neighborhood
That's how you rinse it"
I bought every V12 engine
Wish I could take it back to the beginnin'
I coulda bought a place in DUMBO before it was DUMBO
For like 2 million
That same building today is worth 25 million
Guess how I'm feelin'? Dumbo
You might also like
Light nigga, dark nigga, faux nigga, real nigga
Rich nigga, poor nigga, house nigga, field nigga
Still nigga, still nigga
Light nigga, dark nigga, faux nigga, real nigga
Rich nigga, poor nigga, house nigga, field nigga
Still nigga, still nigga

You wanna know what's more important than throwin' away money at a strip club? Credit
You ever wonder why Jewish people own all the property in America? This how they did it

Financial freedom my only hope
Fuck livin' rich and dyin' broke
I bought some artwork for one million
Two years later, that shit worth two million
Few years later, that shit worth eight million
I can't wait to give this shit to my children
Y'all think it's bougie, I'm like, it's fine
But I'm tryin' to give you a million dollars worth of game for $9.99
I turned that 2 to a 4, 4 to an 8
I turned my life into a nice first week release date
Y'all out here still takin' advances, huh?
Me and my niggas takin' real chances, uh
Y'all on the 'Gram holdin' money to your ear
There's a disconnect, we don't call that money over here, yeah
Light nigga, dark nigga, faux nigga, real nigga
Rich nigga, poor nigga, house nigga, field nigga
Still nigga, still nigga
Light nigga, dark nigga, faux nigga, real nigga
Rich nigga, poor nigga, house nigga, field nigga
Still nigga, still nigga118Embed
Ready for it
I'm ready for it
Yeah, ah

Eastside nigga with the feets high
Nigga with that Lisa, uh
Talkin' about that Lisa, nigga, with that Westside, nigga
With that Eastside, that dance, uh

Your eyes speak the truth when everything else lies
May pretend that we kin but the vibes don't fly
Bruh, I survived readin' guys like you
I'm surprised y'all think you can disguise y'all truths
I seen eyes wide as they're about to shoot
You can be a hairpin, off and you can trigger your roots
I wave to these haters, don't give me dap
You know the world can see just how phony you act, bruh
Y'all body language is all remedial
How could you see the difference between you and I?
My crash course was much tougher
Round friends who kill they friends
Then hug their friends' mothers
And show up at the funeral, complete with blank stares
Invisible ink, I had to read things that wasn't there
Memories may sneak down my cheek
But I could see a side-eye in my sleep
You might also like
Ready for it, deep breath, fill up the void
Eyes, open them up, check off the coins
Still stingin' from tears, they try to see you
I'm ready for earth, ready for real
Solipsistic, admit it, I see you there
So it seems, so you seem (Uh-huh, yeah)
I can't tell if you're image or are just the flare (Yeah)
In my dreams, in my dreams (Ugh)

I sat down with Prince, eye to eye
He told me his wishes before he died
Now, Londell McMillan, he must be color blind
They only see green from them purple eyes
They eyes hide, they eyes high
My eyes wide shut to all the lies
These industry niggas, they always been fishy
But ain't no Biggie, no lazy eye, huh
This guy has "Slave" on his face
You think he wanted the masters with his masters?
You greedy bastards sold tickets to walk through his house
I'm surprised you ain't auction off the casket
Don't "big bro" me, don't "Big Homie"
I've seen pure admiration become rivals
I've been to Paris at least two times
I've seen the Eiffel, I've seen a eyeful
Ready for it, deep breath, fill up the void
Eyes, open them up, check off the coins
Still stingin' from tears, they try to see you
I'm ready for earth, ready for real
Solipsistic, admit it, I see you there
So it seems, so you seem
I can't tell if you're image or are just the flare
In my dreams, in my dreams

I've been out of touch for a couple years
I've been ready for this for real
Hopin' I can touch what I see
'Cause I've been ready for you, for real

Look, you've done enough
Have you no sense of decency, sir?
At long last, have you left no sense of decency?

Eastside nigga with the feets high
Nigga with that Lisa, uh
Talkin' about that Lisa, nigga, with that Westside, nigga
With that Eastside, uh16Embed
(Ha-ya) My nigga got on
(Ha-ya) My nigga got on all white, no socks
(Ha-ya, ha-ya)
My nigga got that cocaina on today
That's how he feel, turn my vocal up (Ha-ya)
That's how you feel, Emory? (Ha-ya)
Turn my vocal up some more
Turn my vocal up, Guru! (Ha-ya)
Turn the music up too (Ha-ya-ya-ya)

Super Bowl goals
My wife in the crib feedin' the kids liquid gold
We in a whole different mode
The kid that used to pitch bricks can't be pigeonholed
I cooked up more chicken when the kitchen closed
Uh, we gon' reach a billi' first
I told my wife the spiritual shit really work
Alhamdulillah, I run through 'em all
Hovi's home, all these phonies come to a halt
All this old talk left me confused
You'd rather be old rich me or new you?
And old niggas, y'all stop actin' brand new
Like 2Pac ain't have a nose ring too, huh
Nobody wins when the family feuds
But my stash can't fit into Steve Harvey's suit
I'm clear why I'm here, how about you?
Ain't no such thing as an ugly billionaire, I'm cute
(Mmmmm) Pretty much
If anybody gettin' handsome checks, it should be us
Fuck rap, crack cocaine
Nah, we did that, Black-owned things
Hundred percent Black-owned champagne
And we merrily merrily eatin' off these streams
Y'all still drinkin' Perrier-Jouët, hah
But we ain't get through to you yet, uh
What's better than one billionaire? Two (Two)
'Specially if they're from the same hue as you
Y'all stop me when I stop tellin' the truth
You might also like
Hahahaha (Ha-ya)
I would say I'm the realest nigga rappin' (Ha-ya)
But that ain't even a statement (Ha-ya)
That's like sayin' I'm the tallest midget (Ha-ya)
Wait, that ain't politically correct, forget it (Ha-ya)
Can I get "Amen" from the congregation?
Amen, amen (Ha-ya)
Can I get a "Amen" from the congregation?
Amen, amen (Ha-ya)
Ha-ya-ya-ya

Yeah, I'll fuck up a good thing if you let me
Let me alone, Becky
A man that don't take care his family can't be rich
I'll watch Godfather, I miss that whole shit
My consciousness was Michael's common sense
I missed the karma that came as a consequence
Niggas bustin' off through the curtains 'cause she hurtin'
Kay losin' the babies 'cause their future's uncertain
Nobody wins when the family feuds
We all screwed 'cause we never had the tools
I'm tryna fix you
I'm tryna get these niggas with no stripes to be official
Y'all think small, I think Biggie
Y'all whole pass is in danger, ten Mississippi
Al Sharpton in the mirror takin' selfies
How is him or Pill Cosby s'posed to help me?
Old niggas never accepted me
New niggas is the reason I stopped drinkin' Dos Equis
We all lose when the family feuds
What's better than one billionaire? Two
Hahahah
I'll be damned if I drink some Belvedere while Puff got CÎROC
Y'all need to stop

(Ha-ya) Ha-ya, ha-ya, ha-ya, ha-ya
(Ha-ya) Ha-ya, ha-ya, ha-ya
(Ha-ya) Ha-ya, ha-ya, ha-ya
Ha-ya-ya-ya
Ha-ya, ha-ya
Love me like, love
Yeah yeah yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah
Like.... yeah, yeah, yeah26Embed
Good morn' or evening, friends
Smile, you recordin'?

Slammin' Bentley doors like we invented doors
20 years ago we drove Bentley Azures
We drinkin' Cristal then
Yeah, kept the tray on me like Chris Paul then
Drinkin' Ace of Spades like it's codeine now
Tryna put a million on the whole team now
Push through the pain so we can see new life
So all the ladies havin' babies, see ya sacrifice
Mama had four kids, but she's a lesbian
Had to pretend so long that she's a thespian
Had to hide in the closet, so she medicate
Society shame and the pain was too much to take
Cried tears of joy when you fell in love
Don't matter to me if it's a him or her
I just wanna see you smile through all the hate
Marie Antoinette, baby, let 'em eat cake

Bad times turn to good memories, smile
Even when I'm gone and you remember me, smile
Good times never fade away, smile
Even if I'm not with you here today, smile
Good morn' or evening, friends
Smile
Here's your friendly announcer
Smile
You might also like
Far as draft picks, my name did not get called
Bet before I go I put a billion on the board
Hall of Fame Hov, I did it all without a pen
Y'all knew that was comin', I had to remind y'all again, huh?
Flyin' paper planes through the projects
Now the whole projects on my jet
Now you see the real in the front row
In every one of y'all televised shows
Super facts
Niggas switched sides, traded pride, we don't do all that
A loss ain't a loss, it's a lesson
Appreciate the pain, it’s a blessin'

Bad times turn to good memories, smile
Even when I'm gone and you remember me, smile
Good times never fade away, smile
Even if I'm not with you here today, smile
Good morn' or evening, friends
I mastered my aesthetics
I know you often heard me wax poetic
'Bout bein' back in the Lexus
But trust me, that was nothin', a nigga up in
The hundreds of millions, I have no ceilings
Ah, this that feelin', I'm that boy
Anita Baker's "You Bring Me Joy" slappin' out of the toy
The separation is clear in my rear-view mirror
Objects is further than they appear
Oh yeah, I was born with a pair, playin' for high stakes
Norman's Cay, he looked up and out of the Lear
How niggas can't relate?
Fuck a slice of the apple pie, want my own cake
In charge of my own fate, respect Jimmy Iovine
But he gotta respect the Elohim as a whole new regime
And niggas playin' for power, huh
So our music is ours, niggas own their own houses
Ours was, "Fuck you, pay me"
Now it's, "Fuck payin' me, I pay you
Put the rest away for Blue"
That blood money I giggle at it
Can't even support my miss' habit
Jewelry shoppin' in Pa- all ya jewelers should be embarrassed
Huh, blood diamonds drippin' with guilt, I still ain't trippin'
That's life, winners and losers
Drug dealers and abusers, America like me ruthless
My therapist said I relapsed
I said, "Pre-haps I Freudian slipped in European whips"
God sent me to break the chain, I'm the true and livin'
God in the flesh, the rest of these niggas is vain
A stain on the white suit, inferior IQ
Niggas'll rip your shit off TIDAL just to spite you
Ahhhh, what did I do? 'Cept try to free you
Niggas'll love you but hate you 'cause they can't be you
Dump 'em all in the bayou, uh
Everybody wave bye to the guy you thought you could lie to
This was meant to be a haiku, huh
But my story's too wide to fit inside the line or two
Oh, these that drugs, heron flow, I spaz on the stove
This is Hov, no flex zone, nigga, who lied to you?
Look, you a pedestrian, don't ever question the security I provided you
Oh y'all thought I was washed? I'm at the cleaners
Launderin' dirty money like the Teamsters, huh
Shout out to Hoffa back home, he in the church
When I heard you got booked, that shit hurt
Feel for you bro, we know the system don't work
Take a young nigga freedom over some dirt
Yet it's legal in Colorado, yet, we deny
Black entrepreneurs, free enterprise
That's why it's a black market, that's why it's called the trap
That's why it's called the projects 'cause it's exactly that
All these people was gon' kill me, heh
'Cause the more I reveal me, the more they 'fraid of the real me
Welcome back Carter, smile
Living in the shadow
Can you imagine what kind of life it is to live?
In the shadows people see you as happy and free
Because that's what you want them to see
Living two lives, happy, but not free
You live in the shadows for fear of someone hurting your family or the person you love
The world is changing and they say it's time to be free
But you live with the fear of just being me
Living in the shadow feels like the safe place to be
No harm for them, no harm for me
But life is short, and it's time to be free
Love who you love, because life isn't guaranteed
Smile26Embed
Now greetings to the world
Gangsta nuh live in a tenement yard
Rude boy nuh live in a tenement yard
Too much watchy, watchy, watchy
Too much su, su, su, su, su
Them chatty, chatty, chatty
Them su, su, su, su, su
Fuck all this pretty Shawn Carter shit nigga, HOV

Shawn was on that gospel shit
I was on the total fuckin' opposite
Shit, stuff a million dollars in the sock drawer
That's a war chest in case you need your chest knocked off
Y'all be talkin' crazy under them IG pictures
So when you get to hell you tell 'em Blanco sent ya
I can't take no threats, I got a set of twins (Ah)
Those were just some words you'll never hear again (Uh huh)
For the final time you don't believe these fools
I've never seen a worker rock so many jewels (Never)
I've never seen the runner with so many cars (Never)
Y'all couldn't stop me, you're not as tough as you say you are
My advice is just don't be too nice to niggas
Just set your price on niggas and live your life, my nigga
Once upon a time in the projects
Shawn was in flight mode, I bought a Pyrex
I was in fight mode and now it's "Fuck me, mijo"
I was movin' them kilos, help you move your peoples
Sometimes you need your ego, gotta remind these fools
Who they effin' with, and we got FN's too
Before we had A&R's, we had AR's too
We the only ones really movin' like y'all say y'all do
We still movin' like y'all niggas say y'all did
Emory passed you niggas and he did a bid
Ty Ty jumped over niggas and he's like 5'6"
Got the heart of a giant, don't you ever forget
Don't you never forget, Jigga got this shit poppin'
I pulled out the pot when we was outta options
You might also like
Gangsta nuh live in a tenement yard
Rude boy nuh live in a tenement yard
Too much watchy, watchy, watchy
Them su, su, su, su, su
Too much chatty, chatty, chatty
And them su, su, su, su, su
Fuck all this pretty Shawn Carter shit nigga, HOV
Put that drum in your ear, don't get Srem'd
I'll Bobby Shmurda anybody you heard of
Niggas could not be further, I fathered your style
Birth of a Nation, Nat Turner style
Uh, y'all make me turn up all this talkin' down
Uh, niggas is skippin' leg-day just to run they mouth
I be skippin' leg day, I still run the world
I pressed ahead of your team with one finger curled
I'll line you all up with one finger wave
Make niggas weave, niggas is out here fake
Laced front to the back, don't front
Y'all gonna make me wig, I'ma give y'all what you want, uh

Gangsta nuh live in a tenement yard
Dreadlocks nuh live in a tenement yard
Too much watchy, watchy, watchy
And them su, su, su, su, su
Too much chatty, chatty, chatty
And them su, su, su, su, su
Fuck all this pretty Shawn Carter shit nigga, HOV
Can't you see it's my ambition
I come to nice up the whole nation
What a bam bam yeah, Lord
And mi seh what a bam bam (Do it, Jay!)
Can't you see it's my ambition
I come to nice up the whole nation
What a bam bam, what a bam bam
I don't give a God damn, I don't give a God damn
When mi come a dance and mi spliff and Guinness
Yow, crowd of people–go and mind yuh business
This a hunting season, mek I tell you hunting season
Well, I tell ya something season, yow this a hunting season
Cake and dumpling season, spinners and dumpling season
Don't play by the king, love is all I and I bring you know
Voice of the one pon gully banking
Top ranking, keep it skanking
Ooh wee, huh, hear me now27Embed
Daddy, what's a will?

Take those monies and spread 'cross families
My sisters, Hattie and Lou, the nephews, cousins and TT
Eric, the rest to B for whatever she wants to do
She might start an institute, she might put poor kids through school
My stake in Roc Nation should go to you
Leave a piece for your siblings to give to their children too
TIDAL, the champagne, D'USSÉ, I'd like to see
A nice peace-fund ideas from people who look like we
We gon' start a society within a society
That's major, just like the Negro League
There was a time America wouldn't let us ball
Those times are now back, just now called Afro-tech
Generational wealth, that's the key
My parents ain't have shit, so that shift started with me
My mom took her money, she bought me bonds
That was the sweetest thing of all time, uh

Legacy, Legacy, Legacy, Legacy
Black excellence baby, you gon' let 'em see
Legacy, Legacy, Legacy, Legacy
Black excellency, baby, let 'em see
You might also like
I remember, like, listenin' to Wu-Tang
And niggas like, "Your seed married his seed, married my seed"
That's how we keep Carter money all in the family

You see, my father, son of a preacher man
Whose daughter couldn't escape the reach of the preacher's hand
That charge of energy set all the Carters back
It took all these years to get to zero in fact
I hated religion 'cause here was this Christian
He was preachin' on Sundays, versus how he was livin' Monday
Someday I forgive him
'Cause strangely our division led to multiple religions
I studied Muslim, Buddhist, and Christians
And I was runnin' from him, He was givin' me wisdom
See how the universe works?
It takes my hurt and help me find more of myself
It's a gift and a curse
That's called the Red Queen's Race

You run this hard just to stay in place
Keep up the pace, baby
Keep up the pace
You run this hard just to stay in place
Legacy, Legacy, Legacy, Legacy
Black excellence, you gon' let 'em see
Legacy, Legacy, Legacy, Legacy
Black excellency, baby, let 'em see
Day, someday, someday we'll all
Someday we'll all be free14Embed
Yeah, got a lil' cold
So bear with me
Yeah, yeah

We stuck in La La Land
Even when we win, we gon' lose
We got the same fuckin' flows
I don't know who is who
We got the same fuckin' watch
She don't got time to choose
We stuck in La La Land
We got the same fuckin' moves

Y'all fuck the same fuckin' chicks
I'm in the skrt with ya— yeah, right
I'm in the skrt with ya— cool story
I'm on the j— 'nough of this!

Look, I know killers, you no killer, huh?
Bathing Ape maybe not a gorilla, huh?
Glorified seat filler, huh?
Stop walkin' around like y'all made Thriller, huh?
Fake Dracos all in the videos
We show 'em, we shoot 'em in my city though
I don't post no threats on the Internet
I just pose a threat, blame Lenny S for that
I don't be on the 'Gram goin' ham
Givin' information to the pork, that's all spam
Please don't talk about guns that you ain't never gon' use
Y'all always tell on y'all self, I'm just so fuckin' confused
You might also like
Y'all stuck in La La Land
Even when we win, we gon' lose
Y'all got the same fuckin' flows
I don't know who is who
We got the same fuckin' watch
She don't got time to choose
We stuck in La La Land
We got the same fuckin' moves

Y'all niggas still signin' deals? Still?
After all they done stole, for real?
After what they done to our Lauryn Hill?
And y'all niggas is 'posed to be trill?
That's real talk when you behind on your taxes
And you pawned all your chains
And they run off with your masters
And took it to Beverly Hills while we in Calabasas
And my head is scratchin' 'cause that shit is backwards
That shit ain't right, Lucian is cool
But Lucian don't write, Doug ain't this tight
So fuck what we sellin', fuck is we makin'?
'Cause their grass is greener 'cause they always rakin' in mo'

Na-na-na-na
Nah, nah19Embed
Do I find it so hard
When I know in my heart
I'm letting you down every day
Letting you down every day
Why do I keep on running away?

Look, I apologize, often womanize
Took for my child to be born, see through a woman's eyes
Took for these natural twins to believe in miracles
Took me too long for this song, I don't deserve you
I harassed you out in Paris
"Please come back to Rome, you make it home"
We talked for hours when you were on tour
"Please pick up the phone, pick up the phone!"
I said: "Don't embarrass me" instead of "Be mine"
That was my proposal for us to go steady
That was your 21st birthday
You matured faster than me, I wasn't ready
So I apologize
I seen the innocence leave your eyes
I still mourn its death and
I apologize for all the stillborns
'Cause I wasn't present, your body wouldn't accept it
I apologize to all the women whom I toyed with your emotions
'Cause I was emotionless
And I apologize 'cause at your best, you are love
And because I fall short of what I say I'm all about
Your eyes leave with the soul that your body once housed
And you stare blankly into space
Thinkin' of all the time, you wasted it on all this basic shit
So I apologize
You might also like
I'm never gonna treat you
I'm never gonna treat you like I should
Oh

I apologize
Our love was one for the ages and I contained us
And all this ratchet shit and we more expansive
Not meant to cry and die alone in these mansions
Or sleep with our back turned
We supposed to vacay 'til our backs burn
We're supposed to laugh 'til our heart stops
And then meet in a space where the dark stop
And let love light the way
Like the men before me, I cut off my nose to spite my face
I never wanted another woman to know
Something about me that you didn't know
I promised, I cried, I couldn't hold
I suck at love, I think I need a do-over
I will be emotionally available if I invited you over
I stew over; "What if—"
"You over my shit?"

I'm never gonna treat you
I'm never gonna treat you like I should
Oh
And if my children knew
I don't even know what I would do
If they ain't look at me the same
I would prob'ly die with all the shame
"You did what with who?"
What good is a ménage à trois when you have a soulmate?
"You risked that for Blue?"
If I wasn't a superhero in your face
My heart breaks for the day I have to explain my mistakes
And the mask goes away
And Santa Claus is fake
And you go online and see
For Blue's tooth, the tooth fairy didn't pay

I'm never gonna treat you like I should76Embed
Live from Bedford-Stuyvesant
The livest one representin' BK to the fullest
Bastards duckin' when Hov be buckin'
Chicken-heads be cluckin'

Uhh, back when ratchet was a ratchet and a vixen was a vixen
And Jam Master Jay was alive I-I, I was mixin'
Cookin' coke in the kitchen
Back when Rodman was a Piston
Mike was losin' to Isiah, but he soon would get his sixth one
Gave birth to my verbal imagination
Assume a virtue if you have not
Or better yet here's a verse from Hamlet
"Lord, we know who we are
Yet we know not what we may be"
So maybe I'm the one or maybe I'm crazy
I'm from Marcy Houses, where the boys die by the thousand
Back when Pam was on Martin
Yeah, that's where it all started
When Denzel was blottin' carpet, I'll pack a… nine millimeter
When Slick Rick made "Mona Lisa"
When Lisa Bonet was Beyoncé of her day, I had divas, y'all
Think I just popped up in this bitch like a fetus? Nah
Pregnant pause, give you some second thoughts
There's room on the bandwagon, don't abort
Marcy me
You might also like
Marcy me
Streets is my artery, the vein of my existence
I'm the Gotham City heartbeat
I, started in lobbies, now parley with Saudis
I'ma, Sufi to goofies, I could prolly speak Farsi
That's poetry, reek of coca leaf in my past
Came through the bushes smellin' like roses
I need a trophy just for that
Old Brooklyn, not this new shit, shit feel like a spoof
Fat laces in your shoe, I'm talkin' bustin' off the roof, uh
Hold a Uzi vertical, let the thing smoke
Y'all flirtin' with death, I be winkin' through the scope
Shout out to all the murderers turned murals
Plural, fuck the Federal Bureau
Shout out to Nostrand Ave., Flushing Ave., Myrtle
All the County of Kings, may your ground stay fertile
Shout out to Big Poppa, Daddy Kane, heroes
Thus concludin' my concerto
Marcy me

Must be in the air
Oh, can't walk away, I know, I know
Just the way I'm raised
I know, I know, I know
Oh Marcy, Marcy me
Just the way I am always gonna be
I ain't gonna change, no
Marcy, Marcy me, just the way I am
I ain't gonna change, no
I ain't gonna change, no
Couldn't change me if I wanted to
You couldn't change me if you wanted to
I'ma take this with me to the Moon
(Como hás nome, cavaleiro?
Eu hei nome Todo o Mundo
E meu tempo…)39Embed
Everything, everything this my only single thing
Everything I hear is my answer
And if you think I say, then innocent if I say?
I never hear that, I be in the posse
Never seen a ceiling in my whole life
Everything I seen, everything is rotten
Never sit in silence, innocent is Carter
Innocent we seek them
I and say we see them
Everything I feed, everything I read
Boom shakalaka, boom shakalaka
Boom shakalaka, boom shakalaka
Everything in shaka, everything in faka
Everything in shaka, everything in faka

I got bloodlines in Benin, that explains the voodoo
Got poison in my pen, thank god for Lulu
And thank the heavens for BB, her Creole roots run deeply
I'm crazy, you ever leave me I might have to put on a gris-gris
Spell for us to stay together
Facelessness
Maison Margiela embracing
You might also like
'Cause we family
We, we, we, family

'Cause more than ever we gon' have to stick together, feel me?
More than ever my niggas gon' have to stick together, feel me?
Already ahead of your end, in the foreign bumping Fela, feel me?
Was out in Havana when that had that banned forever, feel me?
Fuck embargoes, I'm a Narco
Colombian ties, shout out to Dapo
OG Juan also

'Cause we family
We, we, we, family

Feel me?
All the fellas from the favelas 'round me, feel me?
Lagos, all the barrios 'round me, feel me?
Bismillah, all the gods around me
Mexicanos ain't building fucking walls around me

'Cause we family
We, we, we, family
I feel like Ali
Viet Cong never done shit to me, feel me?
More worried about Trump than anyone overseas, feel me?
I'm out in the art clubs out in London sipping tea, feel me?
I'm out in Michelangelos in FTs

'Cause we family
We, we, we, family, feel me?10Embed
Yes, yes YEP!
Welcome to the.. Jay-Z extravaganza
I'd like to introduce my band right now
Just Blaze and the Blazettes, hehe
Right now I want you to give the drummer some
No ma really, give the drummer some
Uhh

Touch the untouchable, break the unbreakable
Shake the unshakeable (it's Hovi baby)
Yeah, ch-chi-uh, uh-ch-ch-uh, un-breakable
Rock the unrockable (it's Hovi baby)

Follow the flow, look
They say a midget standin' on the giant's shoulder can see much
Further than the giant.. (the giant..)
So I got the whole rap world on my shoulder they tryin' to see
Further than I am... (than I am..)
And I have been tryin' to be patient with they preoccupation
With David and Goliath.. (Goliath..)
But sooner or later, that patience gonna run it's course
And I'm forced to be a tyrant.. (be a tyrant..)
But me and Tyran, comin' through your environment
Iron mask, nigga, iron gats, nigga I am back
With "The Team," no I in that
R.O.C., y'all not eyein' that
Y'all don't see, clearly 'cause the rain ain't gone
"The Dynasty," no not Ming but Shawn's
Dame, Kareem, nigga it's the gangsta team
Stop your run, one of the reasons that they call us gangrene
The other reason, we got a gang of green
If there's better at gettin' cheddar that remains to be seen, nigga
(WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!) Jeah, jeah
You might also like
Can't touch the untouchable, break the unbreakable
Shake the unshakeable (it's Hovi baby)
Can't see the unseeable, reach the unreachable
Do the impossible (it's Hovi baby)
Can't move the unmoveable, stop the unstoppable
Jeah, look
I'm so far ahead of my time, I'm 'bout to start another life
Look behind you, I'm 'bout to pass you twice
Back to the future, gotta slow up for the present
I'm fast, niggas can't get pass my past
How they propose to deal with my perfect present?
When I unwrap The Gift & The Curse in one session
Ain't no livin' person can test him
Only two restin' in heaven can be mentioned in the same breath as him
Seven straight Summers, critics might not admit it
But nobody in rap did it, quite like I did it
If you did it I done it before, you get it I had it
Got mad at it and don't want it no more
And that goes for everything from flippin' that raw
Flippin' whores, flippin' vocal chords, don't get it twisted
Get it right, did different, did it better, did it nice
Did the impossible then did it twice (get it right)
Can't touch the untouchable, break the unbreakable
Shake the unshakeable (it's Hovi baby)
Can't see the unseeable, reach the unreachable
Do the impossible (it's Hovi baby)

Yup! Hovi's home, the global phone
The world is back in order, the number one rap recorder is back
You cats over-felt yourself
You couldn't help yourself, now witness the real for real
In my absence cats get, absent-minded
Now it's time to rewind and remind 'em
Why I'm in the position that I am
Changin' the game, my game could nail Madonna
Well after I'm gone, they'll honor
History in the makin', Pistol Pete
Leave competition shakin' without missin' the beat (woo!)
Chasin' the hi-hat all over the track
The snare is scared of the air in here, BOOM!
And plus I get paper dog, don't let me forget
The watch face so blue like it's holdin' it's breath
Can't see me skill for skill or check for check
It's the bow-tie flow dog, I bring it to your neck
Live and direct, I will bring it to your set
I got now, I don't care who got next
Rapper slash Exec., Kordell Stewart
Your flow all y'all using is mine, you're all useless
You ain't a factor, who are you foolin'?
You all are faggots, you takin' us backwards (takin' it backwards)
I'm tryin' to progress with this rap shit
Nigga, nigga your whole career's a accident
Who was gassin' 'em? (Fuck outta here!)
Can't touch the untouchable, break the unbreakable
Shake the unshakeable (it's Hovi baby)
Can't see the unseeable, reach the unreachable
Do the impossible (it's Hovi baby)4Embed
みなさんJay-Zのようになりたいよ
彼はすごいかっこいいけど、周り全然楽しんでないよ
Roc-A-Fella, y'all
It's the Roc
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
R-O, R-O-C, niggas, R-O
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
Hov, R-O-C, niggas, R-O, woo
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
It's Hov, R-O-C, niggas
(Jay-Z)

Come on the track like duh-duh-duh-duh
With a throwback jersey and a fitted
Might blow a bag of Hershey in the siddix
Or might take sips of Army with a chiddick, I'm so sick with it
Lampin' in the Hamptons
The weekends, man, the Stan Smith Adidas and the Campus
Or playin' guts on the cruise, Hermès boat shoes
The Izod bucket on, I'm so old-school
Yellow wrist watch, Gucci flip flops
Six top model chicks, who is this hot?
J-A, ladies, help me say it now
Y-Z, mami, why you playin' with me?
Ride with me, get high as me
It's how it's supposed to be when you rollin' with G's, Hov
Back up in this bitch like woah
Jigga get this whole shit jumpin' like six-fours
You might also like
(Hov), V is I, and I am him
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
Slim with the tilted brim on twenty-inch rims
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
And if y'all got love for me, I got love for y'all
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
And if y'all go to war for me, I go to war with y'all
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)

Hov, and so I breeze through, jeans is Evisu
She's respondin', top is C. Ronson
We in Luan (Woo), gettin' our groove on
Buyin' out the bar, on our way to Spa'
She never seen a hundred on the wrist before
Never seen twenty-twos on the six before
I am killin' 'em out there, they needin' first aid
'Cause the boy got more sixes than first grade
The crib got killer views and square feet
You have to film MTV Cribs for a week
So sleep if you need to, mami, I will leave you
Right where you stand, nah, I don't wanna dance (I'm good)
I just wanna see what's in your Frankie B pants
Waist is low enough to let your waist show
Top like a rock star, I got a fast car
We can cruise the city doin' a buck-sixty
(Hov), V is I, and I am him
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
Slim with the tilted brim on twenty-inch rims
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
And if y'all got love for me, I got love for y'all
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
And if y'all go to war for me, I go to war with y'all
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)

He did it again, haters no like
But they gotta fuck with it, 'cause the flow's so tight
Gnarly, dude, I puff Bob Marley, dude
All day like Rastafaris do
Now I'm stuck to the point I could hardly move
You fuckin' up my high, don't bother me, dude
But Red Rover, send your hoes over
She can do whatever, sip somethin' with soda
She can leave whenever, sip somethin' with Hova
We can play however, slay bed or sofa
And the prognosis, sex is explosive
Left her with wet bedsheets, nigga, I'm focused

(Hov), V is I, and I am him
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
Slim with the tilted brim on twenty-inch rims
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
And if y'all got love for me, I got love for y'all
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga)
And if y'all go to war for me, I go to war with y'all
(Jigga, Jigga, that nigga Jigga), woah
R-O, R-O-C, niggas
R-O-C, niggas
(Roc-A-Fella, y'all)8Embed
It's the Roc, woo
Nike Airs is right (Check)
My bucket is low (Check)
My Rocawear is fittin' incredible (Fuck it)

I guess I got my swagger back
Mama, they said I killed a man
Well, I guess I got the dagger back
It's the Roc, bastards, we are back
In the heezy
Jigga Man, B. Sige to M-Easy (What up, fam?)
Oschino and Sparks and Freeweezy (Holla)
Mickey, Mallory, Chris, and Neef, hey
All I need is the love of my crew
The whole industry can hate me, I thugged my way through
And all I need is a chick that hold a jammy
Like Meth and Mary, like Marvin and Tammi, uh
Now understands we can't be stopped
From blowin' Swisher Sweets outta candy drops
Like we underground kings, ridin' dirty
A nigga been focused since I said hi to thirty (What up?)
Young niggas, y'all can't hurt me
Better watch and observe me
And learn how to earn better, I burn cheddar
I set fire to your empire
I blow smoke in your face, burn rubber off of rim tires
Yes I-ah, Jay I-ah
Double G-A, live wire, nigga, holla back
You might also like
All I need
Rocawear (Check)
Nike Airs (Check)
Mean bucket (Uh-huh)
Armadale in the club, couple of duckets (Yeah)
Couple chicks by my side, let's ride
All I need
That new coupe (Got that)
A durag and a pocket full of loot (Got those)
A sunny day, some chicks that wanna play
And I'll be on my way, come on (Now)

All I need in this world of sin
Is me and my girlfriend, haha
I got a little two-two, I call her Peggy Sue
When I'm off in the club, she fit right in my shoe (Woo)
Gotta switch her to my waist just in case (Uh-huh)
A clown wan' flip, gotta reach for my bitch
Y'all wanna act out a movie, I could give you a clip (Buah)
But no adlibbin', nigga, stick to the script
Now all I need is a high-priced lawyer
'Cause it's foul ways nowadays, everybody saw you
And they comin' to court too, I thought you knew
Can't even steal on a nigga, motherfuckers will sue
In this time and age, what's real motherfuckers to do?
When I'm surrounded by squeal motherfuckers like you?
But real niggas don't fret, 'cause the number one crew
R to the O to the C comin' true
All I need
Rocawear (Check)
Nike Airs (Check)
Mean bucket (Uh-huh)
Armadale in the club, couple of duckets (Yeah)
Couple chicks by my side, let's ride
All I need
That new coupe (Got that)
A durag and a pocket full of loot (Got those)
A sunny day, some chicks that wanna play
And I'll be on my way, listen

The cream too long, my team too strong
Bleek is too hot, Beans is gone
Y'all niggas in the crosshair, the beams is on (See y'all)
Your whole block deserted, y'all fiends are gone (Bye-bye)
The whole Roc is jumpin', we reached our zenith
Got fiends throwin' up on themself like Willie Beamen (Haha)
Any given Sunday, gunplay's optional
However niggas want it like Soul II Soul (However do you want it?)
Whoever got hops get blocked, go to the hole
Dikembe Mutumbo of this rap shit
Plus the jab is sick, and it's Zab quick
Left hand'll lean 'em like a little past six
Now run along with your little-ass hits
Read my rap sheet, nigga, three classics
Shut your bumba', I got A-Rod numbers
All you muddaskunks get buried in the trunk
When I blast the pump, I leave you relaxed
In the hospital, lookin' at M*A*S*H for months
Then I dumps dough on the D.A. desk
And I flee scot-free and pee-pee on the steps
We's got no respect
No law or governin', why you fuckin' with him?
Matter fact, why you fuckin' with them?
All y'all need is the R-O-C, baby
All I need
Rocawear (Check)
Nike Airs (Right)
Mean bucket (Check)
Armadale in the club, couple of duckets (Uh)
Couple chicks by my side, let's ride
All I need
That new coupe (Got that)
A durag and a pocket full of loot (Got those)
A sunny day, some chicks that wanna play
And I'll be on my way, listen

All I need
Roc-A-Fella Records (Yeah)
Freeway (Yeah)
Oschino and Sparks
Chris and Neef
All I need
Mickey and Mallory
Broad Street Bully
M-Extra Money, hah
Young
H to the izzo (All I need)
Clue
Rell
Uh-huh, yeah, yeah
All I need13Embed

Uhh, this feel right right here, Quik
It's like it's supposed to happen this one right here
Young! God damn
Let me justify my thug on this one right here

It goes one o'clock, two o'clock, three o'clock, Roc
Five six seven o'clock, eight o'clock, Roc
11 o'clock, 12 o'clock, the party 'bout to pop
Then, Roc-A-Fella y'all, it's your boy S. Dot
And I ain't never been to jail; I ain't never pay a nigga
To do no dirt for me I was scared to do myself
I will never tell, even if it means sittin' in a cell
I ain't never ran, never will
I ain't never been smacked; a nigga better keep his hands
To himself or get clapped for what's under that man's belt
I never asked for nothin' I don't demand of myself
Honesty, loyalty, friends and then wealth
Death before dishonor and I tell you what else
I tighten my belt 'fore I beg for help
Foolish pride is what held me together through the years
I wasn't felt which is why I ain't never played myself
I just play the hand I'm dealt, I can't say I've never knelt
Before God and asked for better cards at times to no avail
But I never sat back feelin' sorry for myself
If you don't give me heaven I'll raise hell
'Til it's heaven
You might also like
Justify my thug for you
My thug (hoping)
My thug (praying) for you
To justify my thug
My thug (hoping)
My thug (praying) for you
For you

Now if you shoot my dog, I'ma kill yo' cat
Just the unwritten laws in rap, know that
For every action there's a reaction, don't have me relapsin'
Relaxin's what I'm about, but about mine
Don't be actin like you can't see street action
Take me back to Reasonable Doubt time
You see my mind's on the finish line, facin' the wreck
I put my muh'fuckin' faith in the TEC, tell Satan not yet
You understand I am chasin' my breath
I am narrowly escapin' my death, oh yes
I am the Michael Schumacher of the Roc roster
Travellin' Mach 5, barrel in my apparel can stop God
God forgive me but I can't let them deliver me to you
Until, I won this race, then eventually
My engine gon' burn out, I get whatever is meant for me
However it turns out fine, red line!
Justify my thug for you
My thug (hoping)
My thug (praying) for you
To justify my thug
My thug (hoping)
My thug (praying) for you
For you

They say an eye for an eye, we both lose our sight
And two wrongs don't make a right
But when you been wronged and you know all along that it's just one life
At what point does one fight? (Good question, right?)
'Fore you knock the war, try to put your dogs in his
Ten-and-a-halfs, for a minute-and-a-half
Bet that stops all the grinnin' and the laughs
When you play the game of life and the win ain't in the bag
When your options is none and the pen is all you have
Or the block, niggas standin' tight as lemons on the ave
Tryin' to cop a shop - call theyself cleansin' in the cash
But can't put they name on paper 'cause, then you on blast
Mr. President, there's drugs in our residence
Tell me what you want me to do, come break bread with us
Mr. Governor, I swear there's a cover up
Every other corner there's a liquor store, fuck is up?
Justify my thug for you
My thug (hoping)
My thug (praying) for you
To justify my thug
My thug (hoping)
My thug (praying) for you
For you11Embed
Uhh, uhh, uhh
You ready, B?
Let's go get 'em

Look for me!
Young, B, cruisin' down the Westside Highway
Doin' what we like to do, our way
Eyes behind shades
This necklace the reason all of my dates been blind dates
But today I got my thoroughest girl with me
I'm mashin' the gas, she's grabbin' the wheel, it's trippy
How hard she rides with me, the new Bobby and Whitney
Only time we don't speak is during Sex and the City
She gets Carrie fever, but soon as the show's over
She's right back to being my soldier
‘Cause mami's a rider and I'm a roller
Put us together, how they gon' stop both us?
Whatever she lacks I'm right over her shoulder
When I'm off track, mami is keepin' me focused
So let's lock this down like it's supposed to be
The '03 Bonnie and Clyde: Hov' and B holla

All I need in this life of sin is me and my girlfriend (Me and my girlfriend)
Down to ride 'til the very end, is me and my boyfriend (Me and my boyfriend)
All I need in this life of sin is me and my girlfriend (Me and my girlfriend)
Down to ride 'til the very end, is me and my boyfriend (Me and my boyfriend)
You might also like
The problem is, you dudes treat the one that you lovin'
With the same respect that you treat the one that you humpin'
That ain't 'bout nothin'
If ever you mad about somethin'
It won't be that, oh, no, it won't be that
I don't be at places where we comfy at
With no be-atch, oh, no, you won't see that
And no, I ain't perfect
Nobody walkin' this earth's surface is
But girlfriend, work with the kid
I keep you workin' that Hermès Birkin bag
Manolo Blahnik Timbs, Aviator lens
Six hundred drops, hercedes Benz
The only time you wear Burberry to swim
And I don't have to worry, only worry is him
She do anything necessary for him
And I do anything necessary for her
So don't let the necessary occur, yep

All I need in this life of sin is me and my girlfriend (Me and my girlfriend)
Down to ride 'til the very end, is me and my boyfriend (Me and my boyfriend)
All I need in this life of sin is me and my girlfriend (Me and my girlfriend)
Down to ride 'til the very end, is me and my boyfriend (Me and my boyfriend)
(Talk to 'em, B!) If I was your girlfriend
I'll be there for you, if somebody hurts you
Even if that somebody was me (That’s right!)
Yeah-hee (Break it down for 'em, B!)
Sometimes I trip on how happy we could be
And so I put this on my life
Nobody or nothing will ever come between us
And I promise I'll give my life
My love and my trust if you was my boyfriend (One more time!)
Put this on my life
The air that I breathe in, all that I believe in
I promise I'll give my life
My love and my trust if you was my boyfriend

All I need in this life of sin is me and my girlfriend (Me and my girlfriend)
Down to ride 'til the very end, is me and my boyfriend (Me and my boyfriend)
All I need in this life of sin is me and my girlfriend (Me and my girlfriend)
Down to ride 'til the very end, is me and my boyfriend (Me and my boyfriend)74Embed
(I done gotten in trouble again)
What the fuck
I tried, man
I'm back
Peace talks this song (Fuck, I tried!)
(I done gotten in trouble again)
Hahahaha
Yeah
(I done gotten in trouble again)

I try to pretend that I'm different, but in the end
We're all the same, all the same
I pray to God, Father forgive a nigga
I'm never gonna change, gonna change
I try to pretend that I'm different, but in the end
We're all the same, all the same
I pray to God, Father forgive a nigga
I'm never gonna change, gonna change

Now the singer Rob calls the police on me
Y'all niggas ran out and copped the CD
See, what I discovered is y'all some snitch lovers
I might speak, but I don't fuck with nobody
See what Doug, Jimmy & L.A. don't know
These young'un's crossed the line with Hov', I'm letting it blow
Had the papers writing stories like, "Didn't they know?
This what happen when they made that rapper CEO"
I know, it's just a matter of time before the steady hate
Starts to overflow, then the levee breaks
And my conscience go, "You escaped the RICO
Why throw everything away over ego?
You paper-chasing, they paper-hating
Billionaire Hov', you on the pace to make it"
Fuck that, exclamation, comma
Quotation's "I love drama," period
You might also like
I try to pretend that I'm different, but in the end
We're all the same, all the same
I pray to God, Father forgive a nigga
I'm never gonna change, gonna change
I try to pretend that I'm different, but in the end
We're all the same, all the same
I pray to God, Father forgive a nigga
I'm never gonna change, gonna change (Ugh, yeah, I'm back)

Smelling like Patrón, singing dirty rap songs
Tip-toeing in the crib like six in the morn'
Every day it's the same, I said in Blueprint that I'd never change
It's just a part of the game
Respect me I'm a thug, I might cool out for a sec
But expect me to bug, it's in my blood
But if my chick leave me, she gon' leave me for something
She gon' leave me 'cause Halle, she ain't gon' leave me for nothing
Picture me getting up with something sleazy
Something, something, so easy
You could take out of Speed like nothing
Soon as you finish cutting, you like, "Leave me please"
Not me, I need Angelina Joliezy comfort
So I ain't gon' make a move unless I got a Plan B
That'll happen the day I have a baby by Free
Not to say that anything is wrong with Free
Just to say that ain't nothing wrong with me
If my hand's in the cookie jar, know one thing
I'ma take the cookie, not leave my ring
If my hand's in the cookie jar, know one thing
I'ma take—hahaha, y'all know what I mean
I try to pretend that I'm different, but in the end
We're all the same, all the same
I pray to God, Father forgive a nigga
I'm never gonna change, gonna change
I try to pretend that I'm different, but in the end
We're all the same, all the same
I pray to God, Father forgive a nigga
I'm never gonna change, gonna change
Ugh, you lil' niggas ain't deep, you dumb
You niggas ain't gangsta, you gum—I chew lil' niggas
Hock-ptui, spew lil' niggas
I can only view lil' niggas like lil' niggas
But in lieu of lil' niggas tryna play that boy
I "pew-pew!" lil' niggas with the latest toy
Unlike you, lil' nigga, I'm a grown-ass man
Big shoes to fill, nigga, grown-ass pants
Probably hustled with your pops, go ask your parents
It's apparent you're staring at a legend who
Put a few lil' niggas in their place before
Tryna eat without saying their grace before
Blasphemous bastard, get your faith restored
You're viewing your version of the Lord, God—
MC, lil' nigga, applaud, or
Forever burn in the fire that I spit at y'all
I rebuke you, lil' nigga, the meek shall perish
I'll roof you, lil' nigga, I'm a project terrorist
Cute, you lil' niggas think you in my class
Substitute, lil' niggas soon feel my wrath
I mute you, little nigga, you a lil' nigga
I child-abuse you, lil' nigga, I'm a ill nigga
Now shoot, you lil' niggas, go somewhere and play
'Cause the day I lose to you lil' niggas: no day
I try to pretend that I'm different, but in the end
We're all the same, all the same
I pray to God, Father forgive a nigga
I'm never gonna change, gonna change
I try to pretend that I'm different, but in the end
We're all the same, all the same
I pray to God, Father forgive a nigga
I'm never gonna change, gonna change3Embed

It's the Dynasty, niggas
As promised
The world's most infamous, Roc-A-Fella Records
This is Roc La Familia
It's Young Hova
Beanie Sigel
Memphis Bleek
Amil-lion
It's the Dynasty, niggas
2000 to infinity
This is ghetto to ghetto, gutter to gutter
Street corner to street corner, project to project
Worldwide
Walk with us, niggas
Hoffa, Dash
It's The Dynasty, niggas
Check it out
Ugh, walk with me, talk to me, yo

The theme song to The Sopranos
Plays in the key of life on my mental piano
Got a strange way of seeing life, like
I'm Stevie Wonder with beads under the do-rag
Intuition is there, even when my vision's impaired, yeah
Knowing I can go just switching a spare
On the highway of life, nigga, it's sharp in my sight, oh!
Keen senses ever since I was a teen on the benches
Every time somebody like Ennis was mentioned
I would turn green—me, being in the trenches
Him, living adventurous, not worrying about expenditures
I'm braving temperatures below zero, no hero
No father figure; you gotta pardon a nigga
But I'm starving, my niggas, and the weight loss in my figure
Is starting to darken my heart, 'bout to get to my liver
Watch it, my niggas; I'm trying to be calm but I'm gon' get richer
Through any means with that thing that Malcolm palmed in the picture
Never read the Qu'ran or Islamic scriptures
Only Psalms I read was on the arms of my niggas
Tattooed, so I carry on like I'm nonreligious
Clap whoever stand between Shawn and figures
Niggas say it's the dawn, but I'm superstitious
Shit is as dark as it's been, nothing has gone as you predicted
I move with biscuits, stop the heart of niggas acting too suspicious
This is food for thought—you do the dishes!You might also like14Embed

Uh, uh, uh, uh
It's big pimpin', baby (That's right)
It's big pimpin', spendin' Gs
Feel me, uh-huh uh, uh-huh
Ge-ge-geyeah, geyeah
Ge-ge-geyeah, geyeah

You know I
Thug 'em, fuck 'em, love 'em, leave 'em
‘Cause I don't fuckin' need 'em
Take 'em out the hood, keep 'em lookin' good
But I don't fuckin' feed 'em
First time they fuss, I'm breezin'
Talkin' 'bout, "What's the reasons?"
I'm a pimp in every sense of the word, bitch
Better trust and believe 'im
In the cut where I keep 'em
'Til I need a nut, 'til I need to beat the guts, then it's
"Beep beep," then I'm pickin' them up
Let 'em play with the dick in the truck
Many chicks wanna put Jigga fists in cuffs
Divorce him and split his bucks
Just because you got good head, I'ma break bread
So you can be livin' it up? Shit, I
Parts with nothin', y'all be frontin'
Me give my heart to a woman?
Not for nothin', never happen
I'll be forever mackin'
Heart cold as assassins
I got no passion
I got no patience, and I hate waitin'
Ho, get your ass in, and
Let's ride!
Check 'em out now
Ride
Yea, and let' ride!
Check 'em out now
Ride!

Yea, we doin'
Big pimpin'
We spendin' cheese, check 'em out now
Big pimpin'
On B-L-A-D’s, we doin'
Big pimpin' up in
NYC, it's just that
Jigga Man, Pimp C
And B-U-N B, yo, yo, yo
Big pimpin'
Spendin' cheese, we doin'
Big pimpin'
On B-L-A-D’s, we doin'
Big pimpin' up in
NYC, it's just that
Jigga Man, Pimp C
And B-U-N B, check 'em out now
You might also like
Nigga, it's the
Big Southern rap empresario
Comin' straight up out the black barrio
Makes a mill' up off a sorry ho
Then sit back and peep my sce-nahr-i-o
Oops, my bad, that's "my scenario"
No, I can't fuck a scary ho
Now every time, every place, everywhere we go
Hoes start pointin', they say: "There he go!"
Now these ma'fuckers know we carry mo'
Heat than a little bit
We don't pull it out over little shit
And if you catch a lick when I spit
Then it won't be a little hit
Go read a book, you illiterate son of a bitch!
And step up your vocab!
Don't be surprised if your ho's there out with me
And you see us comin' down on yo' SLAB
Livin' ghetto-fabulous, so mad, you just can't take it
But, nigga, if you hate now
Then you wait while I get your bitch butt-naked
Just break it; you gotta pay like you weigh
Wet with two pairs of clothes on
Now get your ass to the back as I fly to the track
Timbaland, let me spit my prose on
Posted up in the pro-zone
That's the track that we breakin' these hoes on
Ain't the track that we flows on
But when shit get hot then the Glock start poppin' like ozone
We keep hoes crunk like Trigger-man
For real, it don't get no bigger, man
Don't trip, let's sip, gettin' throwed on the flip
Gettin' blowed with the motherfuckin' Jigga Man, fool!
We be
Big pimpin'
Spendin' cheese, we be
Big pimpin'
On B-L-A-D’s, we be
Big pimpin' down in
P.A.T, it's just that
Jigga Man, Pimp C
And B-U-N B, 'cause we be
Big pimpin'
Spendin' cheese, and we be
Big pimpin'
On B-L-A-D’s, 'cause we be
Big pimpin'
In P.A.T, it's just that
Jigga Man, Pimp C
And B-U-N B (Uh,) nigga
Smokin' out, pourin' up
Keepin' lean up in my cup
All my car got leather and wood
In my hood we call it "buck"
Everybody wanna ball
Holla at broads at the mall
If he up, watch him fall
Nigga, I can't fuck wit' y'all
If I wasn't rappin', baby
I would still be ridin' Mercedes
Comin' down and sippin' daily
No record 'til whitey pay me
Uh, now what y'all
Know about them Texas boys?
Comin' down in candied toys
Smokin' weed and talkin' noise (We be)

Big pimpin'
Spendin' cheese, we be
Big pimpin'
On B-L-A-D’s, we be
Big pimpin' down in
P.A.T, it's just that
Jigga Man, Pimp C
And B-U-N B, 'cause we be
Big pimpin'
Spendin' cheese, and we be
Big pimpin'
On B-L-A-D’s, 'cause we be
Big pimpin'
In P.A.T, it's just that
Jigga Man, Pimp C
And B-U-N B, nigga72Embed
Just talk whenever I want?
Hahahaha
It's Baby Thug!
Make my money, nigga!You might also likeEmbed
Je t'adore, JAY-Z
Course I love you
I love all y'all
For real

I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, I do adore
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at you when I come off tour, yeah
I got this Spanish chica, she don't like me to roam
So she call me cabron, plus maricon
Said she likes to cook rice, so she likes me home
I'm like, "Un momento, mami, slow up your tempo"
I got this Black chick, she don't know how to act
Always talkin' out her neck, makin' her fingers snap
She like, "Listen, Jigga Man, I don't care if you rap
You better R-E-S-P-E-C-T me"
I got this French chick that love to French kiss
She thinks she's Bo Derek, wear her hair in a twist
Ma cherie amour, tu es belle
Merci, you're fine as fuck, but you giving me hell
I got this Indian squaw, the day that I met her
Asked her what tribe she with, red dot or feather?
She said, "All you need to know is I'm not a ho
And to get with me, you better be Chief Lots-a-Dough"
Now that's Spanish chick, French chick, Indian, and Black
That's fried chicken, curry chicken, damn, I'm getting fat
Arroz con pollo, French fries and crêpes
An appetite for destruction, but I scrape the plate, I love
You might also like
Girls, girls, girls, girls (Uh-huh)
Girls, I do adore
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at you when I come off tour
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls all over the globe
I come scoop you in that coupe, sitting on deuce-zeros
Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll, come on

I got this young chick, she so immature
She like, "Why you don't buy me Reeboks no more?"
Like to show out in public, throw tantrums on the floor
Got to toss a couple dollars just to shut up her holla
Got a project chick that plays her part
And if it goes down, y'all, that's my heart
Baby girl so thorough, she been with me from the start
Hid my drugs from the narcs, hid my guns by the parts
I got this model chick that don't cook or clean
But she dress her ass off and her walk is mean
Only thing wrong with ma, she's always on the scene
Goddamn, she's fine, but she parties all the time
I get frequent flier mileage from my stewardess chick
She look right in that tight blue dress, she's thick
She gives me extra pillows and seat-back love
So I had to introduce her to the mile high club
Now that's young chick, stewardess, project, and model
That means I fly rough early, plus I know Tae Bo
That means I'm new-school, pop pills, and stay in beef
But I never have a problem with my first-class seat, I love
Girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, I do adore
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at you when I come off tour
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls all over the globe
I come scoop you in that coupe, sitting on deuce-zeros
Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll

I got this paranoid chick, she's scared to come to the house
A hypochondriac who says ouch before I whip it out (What you doin', daddy?)
Got a chick from Peru that sniff Peru
She got a cousin at customs that gets shit through
Got this weed-head chick, she always catch me doing shit
Crazy girl, wanna leave me, but she always forgets
Got this Chinese chick, had to leave her quick
'Cause she kept bootlegging my shit, man
I got this African chick with Eddie Murphy on her skull
She like, "Jigga Man, why you treat me like animal?"
I'm like, "Excuse me, Ms. Fufu, but when I met your ass
You was dead broke and naked, and now you want half"
I got this ho that after twelve million sold
Mami's a narcoleptic, always sleeping on Hov
Got to tie the back of her head like Deuce Bigalow
I've got so many girls across the globe, I love
Girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, I do adore
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at you when I come off tour
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls all over the globe
I come scoop you in that coupe, sitting on deuce-zeroes
Fix your hair in the mirror, let's roll
I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, I do adore
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at you when I come off tour

I love girls, girls, girls, girls
Girls, girls36Embed
Picture all the possibilities
Picture all the possibilities
Sounds like a love song
Sounds like a love song
The most incredible, baby
Uh
Mmm, mmm, mmm, mmm
Yeah, yeah
Uh
I can't see 'em comin' down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
I can't see 'em comin' down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry

Good dude, I know you love me like cooked food
Even though a nigga gotta move like a crook move
We was together on the block since free lunch
We shoulda been together havin' Four Seasons brunch
We used to use umbrellas to face the bad weather
So now we travel first-class to change the forecast
Never in bunches, just me and you
I loved your point of view 'cause you held no punches
Still I left you for months on end
It's been months since I checked back in
We're somewhere in a small town
Somewhere lockin' a mall down
Woodgrain, four and change, Armor All'd down
I can understand why you want a divorce now
Though I can't let you know it, pride won't let me show it
Pretend to be heroic, that's just one to grow with
But deep inside, a nigga so sick
You might also like
I can't see 'em comin' down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
I can't see 'em comin' down my eyes
So I gotta let the song cry, uh
Can't see it comin' down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
I can't see it comin' down my eyes
So I got to make the song cry

On repeat, the CD of Big's "Me & My Bitch"
Watchin' Bonnie and Clyde, pretendin' to be that shit
Empty gun in your hand, sayin', "Let me see that clip"
Shopping sprees, pull out your Visa quick
A nigga had very bad credit, you helped me lease that whip
You helped me get the keys to that V dot 6
We was so happy poor, but when we got rich
That's when our signals got crossed and we got flipped
Rather mine, I don't know what made me leave that shit
Made me speed that quick, let me see, that's it
It was the cheese, helped them bitches get amnesia quick
I used to cut up they buddies, now they sayin' they love me
Used to tell they friends I was ugly and wouldn't touch me
Then I showed up in that dubbed-out buggy
And then they got fuzzy, and they don't remember that
And I don't remember you
I can't see it comin' down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
I can't see it comin' down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
Yeah, I seen 'em comin' down your eyes
But I gotta make the song cry
I can't see it comin' down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry

A face of stone, was shocked on the other end of the phone
Word back home is that you had a special friend
So what was oh so special then?
You have given away without gettin' at me
That's your fault, how many times you forgiven me?
How was I to know that you was plain sick of me?
I know the way a nigga livin' was wack
But you don't get a nigga back like that
Shit, I'm a man with pride, you don't do shit like that
You don't just pick up and leave and leave me sick like that
You don't throw away what we had just like that
I was just fuckin' them girls, I was gon' get right back
They say you can't turn a bad girl good
But once a good girl's gone bad, she's gone forever
I'll mourn forever
Shit, I've got to live with the fact I did you wrong forever
I can't see 'em comin' down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry
I can't see 'em comin' down my eyes
So I gotta let the song cry
I know, I seen 'em comin' down your eyes
But I gotta make the song cry
I can't see 'em comin' down my eyes
So I gotta make the song cry

It's fucked up, girl42Embed
Roc-A-Fella, Ruff Ryders, Swizz Beatz
It's almost over y'all
Jigga, how real is that?
Uhh, uhh, uhh, lights out niggas!

(Jigga) What's my motherfuckin' name?
(Jigga) And who I'm rollin' with huh?
(My niggas) Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh
Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right, WHO?
(Jigga) What's my motherfuckin' name?
(Jigga) And who I'm rollin' with huh?
(My niggas) Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh
Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right

Yeah.. yeah..
From the crap tables down in A.C
Back on the block, Jay-Z motherfucker from the, the, the Roc
Went solo on that ass but it's still the same
Brooklyn be the place where I serve them thangs
B. my niggas was strugglin', to the 'burbs they came
And then we got to hustlin', murderin' thangs
I dipped in my stash, splurged on a chain
Now I'm Titanic, Iceberg's the name
Leave players on injured reserve, hurt the game
The best way to describe me in a word, insane
I dick down chicks all emerged in my fame
Jigga been dope since Slick Rick's first chain
The God, send you back to the earth from which you came
I'm bakin' soda, water, fire, merged with 'caine
Ladies don't know me said, "I heard he's vain."
Well, guess what, mami? I heard the same
You heard the name
You might also like
(Jigga) What's my motherfuckin' name?
(Jigga) And who I'm rollin' with huh?
(My niggas) Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh
Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right, WHO?
(Jigga) What's my motherfuckin' name?
(Jigga) And who I'm rollin' with huh?
(My niggas) Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh
Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right

Yeah, uhh, I got a
License to kill so I steer the Gat
Roc-A-Fella, Ruff Ryders, niggas scared of that
Got a new motto this year, "Don't Fuck With My Ones"
Knock on your door, three in the mornin'
"It's just us and the guns!"
See I scrambled with priests, hustle with nuns
I got the, mind capacity of a young Butch Cassidy
Niggas get fly, let 'em defy gravity
Fo'-five rapidly, lift your chest cavity
Streets won't let me chill
Always been a clumsy nigga, don't let me spill
Muh'fuckers wanna wet me still, I remain y'all
Raw the one, like five divided by four
Shit, this just the hate that's been provided by y'all
Reciprocated and multiplied by more
You likely to see Jigga in a widebody or
Drop-top Bentley Azure, holla at me y'all, uhh
(Jigga) What's my motherfuckin' name?
(Jigga) And who I'm rollin' with huh?
(My niggas) Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh
Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right, WHO?
(Jigga) What's my motherfuckin' name?
(Jigga) And who I'm rollin' with huh?
(My niggas) Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh
Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right

I don't give a fuck if I sold one or one million, but I think you should
'Cause if I only sold one, then out comes the hood
All black in the club, the outcome ain't good
Them niggas act like wolves, how come? They could
'Cause we don't drop hits, we drop bombs that smash
'Til the wrists is lit up, the arm looks like glass
The necklace chipped up, the charm it flash
Could fuck up your eyes like the bombest hash
See the reason why chicks let me palm they ass
All I gotta do is let 'em call me Shawn they glad
Let me sit up in the whip 'til I launch it back
Snap they neck, then shoot 'em 'til they arch them back
The calmest cat, trust me when I palm this gat
Kill your mind, body and soul, push your conscience back
Monster's back, and Flex drop a bomb to that
And e'rybody sing-a-long to the track, c'mon
Uh-huh uhh uhh
(Jigga) What's my motherfuckin' name?
(Jigga) And who I'm rollin' with huh?
(My niggas) Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh
Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right, WHO?
(Jigga) What's my motherfuckin' name?
(Jigga) And who I'm rollin' with huh?
(My niggas) Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh
Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right
(Jigga) What's my motherfuckin' name?
(Jigga) And who I'm rollin' with huh?
(My niggas) Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh
Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right, WHO?
(Jigga) What's my motherfuckin' name?
(Jigga) And who I'm rollin' with huh?
(My niggas) Uh-huh-uh-uhh-uhh-uhh
Niggas better get it right, bitches better get it right
(Jigga, haha)6Embed
Mmm, you don't understand now because you're cryin', and you hurt
You'll understand soon enough
Soon enough

Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand

You're my best friend's sister, grown woman and all
But you see how I am around girls; I ruin 'em all
Plus your mom call me son, around you since I was small
Shit, I watched you mature, nah, this ain't right
But still when your boyfriend ditched you, life's a bitch you cried
Over my right shoulder, I told you to wipe your eyes
Take your time when you likin' a guy
'Cause if he sense that your feelings too intense, his pimp'll die
I bought you earrings on your birthday
Drove you to college your first day
It must be sad, though it hurts to say
We could never be a item, don't even like him
You deserve better, this is ugly; Gina, please don't love me
There's better guys out there other than me
(You need a lawyer or a doctor or somebody like that, you know?)
Like a lawyer or a doctor with a Ph.D
Think of how upset your mother and brother would be
If they found that you was huggin' me
My conscience is fuckin' with me
You might also like
Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand
Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand

Man, I look in the eyes of our..
This.. our kid this whole life we made together..
We're tryin', really tryin' to make it work
I'm young, and I ain't ready, and I told you

It ain't like, I ain't tell you from day one, I ain't shit
When it comes to relationships, I don't have the patience
Now it's too late, we got a little life together
And in my mind I really want you to be my wife forever
But in the physical it's like I'ma be trife forever
A different girl every night forever; told you to leave
But your stubborn and you love him and
No matter what, despite all the fuckin' and the cheatin'
You still won't leave him, now you're grievin'
And I feel bad, believe me
But I'm young and I ain't ready, and this ain't easy
Wasn't fair to tell you to wait, so I told you to skate
You chose not to, now look at the shit we gotta go through
Don't wanna fight, don't wanna fuss
You the mother of my baby
I don't want you to hate me, this is about us
Rather me; I ain't ready to be what you want me to be
And 'cause I love you, I want you to leave, please
Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand
Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand

Mm... listen ma
I mean, I seen you workin two or three jobs
Daddy left; I, I thought I was makin' things better
I made it worse

Dear ma, I'm in the cell, lonely as hell
Writin' this scribe, thinkin' 'bout how you must feel inside
You tried to teach me better, but I refused to grow
Goddamn, I ain't the young man that you used to know
You said the street claim lives, but I wanted things like
Bling-bling ice; I was wrong in hindsight
Shit, we grew apart, try to blame it on your new spouse
I know it hurt like hell the day you kicked me out
But your house is your house, I ain't respect the rules
I brought crack past your door, beefed with rival crews
And who wants to be the mother of a son who sold drugs?
Co-workers saw me on the corner slingin' Larry Love
Meanwhile, you workin' hard, like 2 or 3 jobs
Tryin' to feed me and my siblings, makin' an honest livin'
Who am I kiddin'? I, call myself easin' the load
I made the load heavy, I need money for commissary
Try to understand, please
Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand
Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand
Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand
Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand
Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand
Let him hold you, let him touch you
Soon you'll understand8Embed
Uh-huh, yeah hah
Never sprung huh?
Jigga, Roc-A-Fella y'all, uh
Never sprung huh?
Yeah, peep the repertoire
Pa-Pause, feel me on this one
Pa-Pause, feel this
Never sprung huh? Know my style

I love bitches, thug bitches, shy bitches
Rough bitches, don't matter you my bitches
Gold diggers witcha eyes on my riches
Can't knock your hustle for real, it's a'ight bitches
I'm game tight, see it all through the platinum french frames
With the french name in the same night
Pull you and your tight friend
Lift your little dress like light wind, hah, then I slide right in
You know the whole repertoire, U.S. to the U-S-S-R
Sexin' in a Lexus car
Match wits with the best of y'all, the rest of y'all
Is like vege-tables in my presence, check it
Reminiscin' to nothin' you ever heard
Iceberg Slim baby, ride rims through the suburbs
Funds come in lump sums never ends deferred
Get money like I'm down South, Wednesday the third, it's on
You might also like
More, dough to get, more shows to rip
I suggest you all roll with the clique, who you wit
Frozen wrists and it's flows that's sick
More O's than you know exist, bitch who you wit

Can't scheme on 'em, Roc-A-Fella got a team on 'em
Chicks dream on him, trick cream on 'em
Lose it when dudes think it's just music
Lean on 'em, flash green on 'em and diamond rings on 'em
Sexin' around the way girls down to miras
I'm something every girl gotta have like Levi's
Chiquita, mi amor, see how raw
You can love me or hate me, either or
I'ma stay winnin', rock the custom drop Bentleys
Never eat at Denny's and party like Lil' Pennys
Can he live? Trick or main chick but if she leave
Just as quick, Indian give, ha-hah
Now what I look like? Givin' a chick half my trap
Like she wrote half my raps, yeah, I'm havin' that
You be the same chick when you leave me
The bankbook and the credit cards
And take everything you came with (it's on)

More, dough to get, more shows to rip
I suggest you all roll with the clique, who you wit?
Frozen wrists and it's flows that's sick
More O's than you know exist, bitch who you wit?
Yeah, here's somethin' niggas gon' find, not at all funny
We takin' all ya bitches, takin' all ya money
Jay-Z rated A.G. baby that's All Good
I sink this ball in your hole, I'm Tiger Woods
If the money was the grass and your ass was a tee
When I hit it with this club love you comin' with me
Grip you right up under your ass, put your back on the wall
Kinda tipsy, seein' triple, so I'm fuckin' y'all all
You remind me of this dream I had the night before
I'm kinda hopin' the condom break to have a reason to go raw
I'm playin', hit the showers, hit the money spot
Where all the models play and big money is dropped
Drop the top, let her feel the moonlight it entranced her
She jumped all in my seat like some private dancer
I tell you somethin' new, if you don't hop down off that
Butter soft shit with your shoes, I'ma step on the gas
She laughed, put her ass back in the proper place
She said, 'I played my cards right and look, I got the ace'
I told her 'bomp *beatboxes*
Slow down baby
You dealin' with a baller, who, hold ground crazy', it's on

More, dough to get, more shows to rip
I suggest you all roll with the clique, who you wit?
Frozen wrists and it's flows that's sick
More O's than you know exist, bitch who you wit?
More, dough to get, more shows to rip
I suggest you all roll with the clique, who you wit?
Frozen wrists and it's flows that's sick
More O's than you know exist, bitch who you wit?
More, dough to get, more shows to rip
I suggest you all roll with the clique, who you wit?
Frozen wrists and it's flows that's sick
More O's than you know exist, bitch who you wit?
More, dough to get, more shows to rip
I suggest you all roll with the clique, who you wit?
Frozen wrists and it's flows that's sick
More O's than you know exist, bitch who you wit?
Beyatch! Fucka
Jigga, '9-7 shit, next millennium
Recognize, realize, it's on
Roc-A-Blok y'all
Huh, haha, I'm laughing
It's on

Jay-Z, hi, this is (beep). I just wanted to call and apologize for the things that I was sayin to you
You know, I'm
That was kind a, you know, ridiculous what was I sayin
And um, I just wanted to thank you for giving Ta-Ta the message for me
We could still be cool
It was nice meeting you too, bye2Embed
Yeah, haha, Blueprint shit
3 in the morning on the Westside highway
Top-down baby, fuck y'all
The motivation for me, it's the Blueprint baby
Is them telling me what I could not be, oh well
Hey! Uhh, yeah, hey! Ohh! Hey! Hahaha
Ay, this a special dedication, thank y'all
Hey! I wanna thank you for the fuel, no really thank you
Hey! Y'all gotta hear this shit!
Hey! Hehehe, hey!

I felt so inspired by what my teacher said
Said I'd either be dead or be a reefer head
Not sure if that's how adults should speak to kids
Especially when the only thing I did was speak in class
I'll teach his ass, even better's what my uncle did
I pop my demo tape in, start to beat my head
Peeked out my eye, see if he was beating his
He might as well say beat it, kid, he's on the list
It's like I'm searching for kicks like a sneakerhead
He gon' keep pushing me until I reach the ledge
And when I reach the ledge I'll tell 'em all to eat a dick
Take a leap of faith and let my eagle wings spread
Spread, spread
You might also like
The motivation (word up) for me (fuck y'all)
Is them telling me what I could not be, oh well
Hey! Hey!
I'm so ambitious (hey!)
I might hit two sisters (hey!)
Hey, I'm on a mission (hey!)
No matter what the conditions (hey!)
Forget personal issues (hey!)
When you go what I been through (hey!)
Hey, if you believe it (then be)
Then you could conceive it (you, see?!)
Yeah, yeah, yeah

I had to lace up my boots even harder
Father is too far away to father
Further-more all the kids either smoke reefer
Or either move whites, there's few writers in my cipher
So they made light of, my type of
Dreams seem dumb, they said wise up
How many guys-a, you see making it from here
The world don't like us, is that not clear? Alright, but
I'm different, I can't base what I'm gon' be
Off of what everybody isn't, they don't listen
Just whispering behind my back
No vision, lack of ambition, so wack!
The motivation (word up) for me
Is them telling me what I could not be, (fuck off) oh well
Hey! Hey!
I'm so ambitious (hey!)
I might hit two sisters (hey!)
Hey, I'm on a mission (hey!)
No matter what the conditions (hey!)
Forget personal issues (hey!)
When you go what I been through (hey!)
Hey, if you believe it (then be)
Then you could conceive it (you, see?!)
Yeah, yeah, yeah

Had a couple of meetings no offers yet
Maybe I ain't good enough for these offices
Back to the drawing board ducking officers
It's all good 'cause the streets is A&R'ing this
So with or without any of your involvement
We coming for all of this, respect my conglomerate
I went from pauper to the President
'Cause every deal I ever made set precedent
Niggas probably thought I'd fall without old buddy (hehehe)
Oh buddy, what I do is make more money
Dear Teacher, you're probably somewhere near a speaker
I'm balling outta control, can you hear my sneakers
Fuck y'all
The motivation (word up) for me
Is them telling me what I could not be, oh well
Hey! Hey!
I'm so ambitious (hey!)
I might hit two sisters (hey!)
Hey, I'm on a mission (hey!)
No matter what the conditions (hey!)
Forget personal issues (hey!)
When you go what I been through (hey!)
Hey if you believe it (then be)
Then you could conceive it (you, see?!)
Yeah, yeah, yeah

You see, the motivation for me
Was them telling me what I could not be12Embed

La da da da...
Hey, hey, hey, goodbye... (Good riddance!)
Hold up...

Only rapper to rewrite history without a pen
No I.D. on the track let the story begin...
Begin...
Begin

This is anti-Auto-Tune, death of the ringtone
This ain’t for iTunes, this ain't for sing-alongs
This is Sinatra at the opera, bring a blonde
Preferably with a fat ass who can sing a song
Wrong, this ain't politically correct (uhh!)
This might offend my political connects (uhh!)
My raps don’t have melodies
This should make niggas wanna go and commit felonies (uhh!)
Get your chain tooken
I may do it myself, I'm so Brooklyn (Uhh!)
I know we facing a recession
But the music y'all making gon' make it the Great Depression (uhh!)
All your lack of aggression
Put your skirt back down, grow a set, men (uhh, uhh!)
Nigga this shit violent
This is death of Auto-Tune, moment of silence
You might also like
La da da da...
Hey, hey, hey, goodbye...
Only nigga to re-write history without a pen
No I.D. on the track let the story begin...
Begin...
Begin
Hold up...

This ain't a number one record (uhh!)
This is practically assault with a deadly weapon (uhh!)
I made this just for Flex and... Mister Cee
I want niggas to feel threatened (uhh!)
Stop your bloodclot crying
The kid, the dog, everybody dying, no lying
You niggas' jeans too tight
Your colors too bright, your voice too light (That's too far, nigga!) (uhh, uhh!)
I might wear black for a year straight (uhh!)
I might bring back Versace shades (uhh!)
This ain’t for Z100
Ye told me to kill y'all to keep it 100 (uhh!)
This is for Hot 9-7
This shit for Clue, for Khaled, for we the bestin... (uhh!)
Nigga this shit violent
This is death of Auto-Tune, moment of silence
La da da da...
Hey, hey, hey, goodbye...
Only nigga to re-write history without a pen
No I.D. on the track let the story begin...
Begin...
Begin
Hold up...

Hold up, this shit need a verse from Jeezy... Ay!
I might send this to the mixtape Weezy
Get somebody from BMF to talk on this
Get this to a Blood, let a Crip walk on it (uhh!)
Get 3 Thou' to style on this
I just don’t need nobody to smile on this (uhh!)
You niggas singin' too much
Get back to rap, you T-Pain'n too much (uhh, uhh!)
I’m a multi-millionaire
So how is it I’m still the hardest nigga here (uhh!)
I don’t be in the project hallway
Talkin' 'bout how I be in the projects all day (uhh!)
That sound stupid to me
If you a gangsta, this is how you prove it to me (uhh, uhh!)
Nigga, just get violent
This is death of Auto-Tune, moment of silence
La da da da...
Hey, hey, hey, goodbye...17Embed
How can you fairly assess something from the outside looking in?
There's gotta be them times you'll be wrong, nah'mean?
How can a muh'fucka go round and hate a nigga
He never even met that, he don't even know and shit?
I think this rap shit is all beef

Y'all don't even know every day I'm living with stress
Got up out the streets, you think a nigga could rest
Can't even enjoy myself at a party unless
I'm on the dance floor, hot ass vest
You think I'm freaking these chicks, right?
Try not to brush against they chest
You get a lawsuit for shit like that, I feel trapped
Swear to everything when I leave this earth
It's gon' be on both feet, never knees in the dirt
You could try me fucka but when I squeeze it hurts
Fine, we'll lose two lives, yours and mines
Gimme any amount of time, don't let Ms. Carter grieve
At the funeral parlor, dripping tears on my sleeve
Told the judge, "Didn't budge, it was him or me."
And I ain't trying to be hard but I'm guilty as charged
Put my mercy on this court and my faith in God
And pray hard none of my nephews wanna be stars, lucky me
You might also like
You only know what you see
You don't understand what it takes to be me

I hate all girls with ulterior motives
That's why I'm 20 plus years old, no sons, no daughters
Hate putting my life in the hands of fake promoters
Hear the hate in my voice, right? I hate that you noticed
Niggas wanna strip you to the bone for shit you own
Hate a nigga like that, faggot, get your own
Hate that I can't roam the street without the clip and chrome
Knowing one day I'ma have to flip, c'mon
You know the shit don't stop 'til the Cris' don't pop
And you have to kill a nigga and your wrist don't lock
I'm trapped, the whole world's against me in fact
But ain't no turning back, bring it on
Hate the price of fame 'cause it cost too much
Can I live without y'all niggas saying I floss too much?
Hate the way you make this hate flow all through us
Steady looking for flaws through us, lucky me

You only know what you see
You don't understand what it takes to be me
You only know what you see
Since I was four years old
I been told, everything that glitters ain't gold
You only know what you see
You don't understand what it takes to be me
And now that I've arrived
I see those truths unfold before my eyes in a world so cold
And niggas see you in the street, pretend to be friendly
But I know any type of success breeds envy
I know in the back of your mind you're conjuring ways to hem me
Leave my friends in a circle pouring out Henny
But G's is heaven bound so how I'm gon' receive
Anything y'all pour to the ground next time throw it up
And ain't nothing changed so even in my afterlife I show it up
Don't grieve for me, my art remains
Like a dart from the speaker to your heart
Spiritually through the portal now my words is immortal
Don't plan to leave without a fight, I plant a seed I give life
Though I can't see past the girl's greed to call her wife
Next time you're thinking heist better be precise
'Cause I'm fully prepared, one of us is gon' leave here
I have no regrets even though I won't see grow
My godson Boogie, Sonny and Remo, lucky me

You only know what you see
I been told, since I was four years old
Everything that glitters ain't gold
And now that I've arrived
You don't understand what it takes to be me
I see those truths unfold before my eyes in a world so cold
Since I was four years old
You only know what you see
I been told, everything that glitters ain't gold
And now that I've arrived
You don't understand what it takes to be me
I see those truths unfold before my eyes in a world so cold
You only know what you see
You don't understand what it takes to be me
You only know what you see
You don't understand what it takes to be me
You only know what you see
You don't understand what it takes to be me18Embed
If you're havin' girl problems, I feel bad for you, son
I got ninety-nine problems, but a bitch ain't one
I've got the Rap Patrol on the gat patrol
Foes that wanna make sure my casket's closed
Rap critics that say he's Money, Cash, Hoes
I'm from the hood, stupid! What type of facts are those?
If you grew up with holes in your zapatos
You'd celebrate the minute you was havin' dough
I'm like, "Fuck critics, you can kiss my whole asshole!
If you don't like my lyrics, you can press fast forward"
Got beef with radio if I don't play they show
They don't play my hits, well, I don't give a shit, so
Rap mags try and use my black ass
So advertisers can give 'em more cash for ads
Fuckers, I don't know what you take me as
Or understand the intelligence that Jay Z has
I'm from rags to riches, niggas, I ain't dumb
I got ninety-nine problems, but a bitch ain't one – hit me!

Ninety-nine problems, but a bitch ain't one
If you're havin' girl problems, I feel bad for you, son
I got ninety-nine problems, but a bitch ain't one – hit me!
You might also like
The year is '94, in my trunk is raw
In my rearview mirror is the motherfuckin' law
Got two choices, y'all: pull over the car or
Bounce on the devil, put the pedal to the floor
And I ain't tryin' to see no highway chase with Jake
Plus I got a few dollars, I can fight the case
So I pull over to the side of the road
I heard, "Son, do you know why I'm stopping you for?"
‘Cause I'm young and I'm black and my hat's real low?
Do I look like a mind reader, sir? I don't know
Am I under arrest or should I guess some more?
"Well, you was doing fifty-five in a fifty-four
License and registration and step out of the car
Are you carrying a weapon on you? I know a lot of you are"
I ain't steppin' out of shit, all my paper's legit
"Well, do you mind if I look around the car a little bit?"
Well, my glove compartment is locked, so is the trunk in the back
And I know my rights, so you gon' need a warrant for that
"Aren't you sharp as a tack?
You some type of lawyer or something?
Somebody important or something?"
Well, I ain't passed the bar, but I know a little bit
Enough that you won't illegally search my shit
"Well, we'll see how smart you are when the K9 come!"
I got ninety-nine problems, but a bitch ain't one – hit me!
Ninety-nine problems, but a bitch ain't one
If you're havin' girl problems, I feel bad for you, son
I got ninety-nine problems, but a bitch ain't one – hit me!
Ninety-nine problems, but a bitch ain't one
If you're havin' girl problems, I feel bad for you, son
I got ninety-nine problems, but a bitch ain't one

Now once upon a time not too long ago
A nigga like myself had to strong-arm a ho
This is not a ho in the sense of havin' a pussy
But a pussy havin' no goddamn sense, try and push me
I try to ignore him, talk to the Lord
Pray for him, but some fools just love to perform
You know the type, loud as a motorbike
But wouldn't bust a grape in a fruit fight
And only thing that's gon' happen is I'ma get to clappin'
And he and his boys gonna be yappin' to the Captain
And there I go, trapped in the Kit-Kat again
Back through the system with the riff-raff again
Fiends on the floor, scratchin' again
Paparazzis with they cameras, snappin' em
D.A. try to give a nigga shaft again
Half a mil' for bail ‘cause I'm African
All because this fool was harassin' them
Tryin' to play the boy like he's saccharine
But ain't nothin' sweet 'bout how I hold my gun
I got ninety-nine problems, bein' a bitch ain't one – hit me!
Ninety-nine problems, but a bitch ain't one
If you're havin' girl problems, I feel bad for you, son
I got ninety-nine problems, but a bitch ain't one – hit me!

You crazy for this one, Rick
It's your boy131Embed
I'm rolling with Roc-A-Fella, man
'Cause they got money, man, haha

Uh-huh, uh-huh uh UH, uh-huh, Hova
Yeah, Stevie J, nigga
Y'all ready? Yo, yo

How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
How many y'all wanna ride tonight
Nigga ride or die or ride or die
How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
How many y'all wanna ride tonight
Nigga ride or die or ride or die
How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
How many y'all wanna ride tonight
Nigga ride or die or ride or die

Ayo fuck y'all, niggas I crush y'all, rush y'all
With the four drawn and I touch y'all, plus y'all
Little motherfuckers ain't ready for war
I seen your team in a crisis before, thought I forgot?
The same rules apply, don't try to switch up your style
Y'all niggas is pumpkin pie, and that's plain as I
Much better than you cat, shocked when I got the news that
This nigga ready for war, well where that fool at?
I bruise wack rap niggas severely punish them
Especially those that get fucked for they publishing, heh
Always gotta be the weakest nigga out the crew
I probably make more money off yo' album, than you
You see the respect I get every time I come through
Check your own videos, you'll always be number two
Niggas talking real greasy on them R&B records
Well I'm Platinum a million times nigga, check the credits
S. Carter, ghostwriter, and for the right price
I can even make YO' shit tighter
I roast niggas like ya, smoke niggas like ya
Take your little jewels and put the toast to niggas like ya
You know what the fuck we do and why we done it
How I bring it to niggas who, probably want it
Keep playing, you gone find me in your lobby blunted
And I don't even smoke nigga, ain't no joke
Niggas cat fighting with Jigga, kicking sneaky shit
Making little tapes but keeping it secret
'Cause I kick that deep shit that divide your peeps shit
Now I don't know if you fucking with Jigga
Spitting that weak shit, dog
You might also like
How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
How many y'all wanna ride tonight
Nigga ride or die or ride or die
How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
How many y'all wanna ride tonight
Nigga ride or die or ride or die

Yeah, yeah
Niggas don't want it with Jig, 'cause something’s got to give
I got homes where you hide, I hustle where you live
Jigga's the Don, bitches scream "Jigga damn the
Dick is the bomb, about as thick as an arm"
Mr. Exxon, gas 'em with the wit and the charm
Bitch, I'm trying to tell you like Nicholas Barnes
I'm a big cat, listen mami, can you dig that?
Cars, jewelry, homes, I did that
O's, shootouts, keys, I live that
Actresses, models, chicken heads, hit that
I get stacks and still I kick back
And run up on niggas with the m-id-ac, where the shit at?

How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
How many y'all wanna ride tonight
Nigga ride or die or ride or die
How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
How many y'all wanna ride tonight
Nigga ride or die or ride or die
Time to separate
The platinum from the white gold, right from the door
The real from the fake, ready rock from the raw
The boss from the runners, cats who ride dick
From the cats with the numbers, the five from the six
I got cop ‘n crash money, pop the dash money
Press the button, all of sudden, Glock in the stash money
Beef with Jigga, watch yo' ass money
It's El Presidente, top brass money
Now I don't flash the steel, I blast for real
My motto: you only good as the last nigga you kill
I'm here to snatch this mil, nigga that's for real
If you rolling with me grab the wheel, let's ride huh?

How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
How many y'all wanna ride tonight
Nigga ride or die or ride or die
How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
How many y'all wanna ride tonight
Nigga ride or die or ride or die
How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
How many y'all wanna ride tonight
Nigga ride or die or ride or die
How many y'all wanna ride tonight (ride tonight)
How many y'all down to die tonight (die tonight)
How many y'all wanna ride tonight
Nigga ride or die or ride or die7Embed
Uhh, uhh, uh-huh
Uhh, paper chase
Bonnie and Clyde
Y'all motherfuckers know how it's going down
Gotta get that paper dog
That's right, uhh
Uh-huh uh, yeah, right, yeah
Paper chase y'all, paper chase WHAT? Uh

Greyhound bitch, stay down bitch
‘Bout to set up shop with Jay, round this bitch
Half a brick of yay, 'bout to lay down this bitch
('Til November?) Nah, I'm here to like May down this bitch
And I'm thinking, I don't wanna have to spray down this bitch
Call my whole team, from around the way down this bitch
I'm trying to stay down this bitch, play down this bitch
Had a sound, so my nigga Jay drown the six
Roll the windows down and, wave round this bitch
But there's a couple things 'fore it's OK round this bitch
Gotta talk to the natives, let 'em know I'm here
For all to get the paydays, first I line up all the haters
I got jobs for ya, drop Saabs for ya
More arms than Green Bay's Brett Favre for ya
Money propositions hope that's not a prob' for ya
If so, Jigga be here, day after tomorrow for ya (that's right!)
You might also like
Gotta get that paper dog
Gotta touch that, love that, paper dog, uhh!
Gotta get that paper dog
Gotta have that grab that paper dog!
Gotta get that paper dog
Gotta spend that, bend that, split that, get that
Gotta get that paper dog
When I needs that, G stack, tell me where the weed's at?

I got my two guns, I came to scoop ones
A down ass bitch and she down to click
Got a nice little hooptie that I get around with
And my plan is, not to leave this town 'til I'm rich
Gotta find a nigga selling all them ounces and shit
Tell them get down with the clique or get found in a ditch
See I drop down and strip, I turn around and spit
Not to hit em, just to let 'em know the sound of shit
Return later that evening in the club with Fox
And I got the snub nose for those that love to box
I'm in search of them young niggas that hug the block
All day, 'til it's light gray outside
Shoot dice talking shit all day outside
And even when it's hot, they outside
Let em know how its gonna go, Bonnie and Clyde
And ayo, you would want me on your side
Gotta get that paper dog
Gotta touch that, love that, paper dog, uhh!
Gotta get that paper dog
Gotta have that grab that paper dog!
Gotta get that paper dog
Gotta spend that, bend that, split that, get that
Gotta get that paper dog
When I needs that, G stack, tell me where the weed's at?

Yo, yeah, I got that stress and I got it the best
I ain't got it to give, but I got it to test
And if you wanna get down, all you gotta invest
Is your time, I gotta move this in a week or less
For the next couple of days I brought out all I possess
The Rolex, necklaces with the VVS
Between the driver and the passenger where the TV rest
For my top draft picks I cop the new GS
Now all the little soldiers wanna roll with my team
Cause I ain't sold em a dream, I just showed 'em the cream
Picked em up in the afternoons and told 'em some things
You know the regular shit you do when you molding them teens
Yo, never lay your head where you holding them things
Keep the family then your business, nothing goes in between
Never feared no man, put four in his bean
Drop your gun then, blow the scene, ya heard me?
Gotta get that paper dog
Gotta touch that, love that, paper dog, uhh!
Gotta get that paper dog
Gotta have that grab that paper dog!
Gotta get that paper dog
Gotta spend that, bend that, split that, get that
Gotta get that paper dog
When I needs that, G stack, tell me where the weed's at?1Embed
You used to all the attention, huh? (Yeah!)
But you don't want no commitment, huh? (Uh-uh!)
Why not? You should be comin' home with me
Sittin' in this lap with the luxury
Now you been, comin' in while you wakin' up (Yeah!)
Actin' like you behave and stuff (Uh-huh)
Uh-huh, you should be comin' home with me
Sittin' in this lap with the luxury, now check it

Yes, a lime to a lemon, my VA women
Walk in Manolo Blahniks 'cause my condo with elevators in 'em
She wanna wrinkle my linens
So I sprinkle her with gin and then we begin sinnin', uhh
Blasphemy, oh my God, every sentence
She keeps scratchin' me like she have tiger in her
This is exact-a-ly, why I had to pin her
To the bed like a wrestler, had to pretzel her, uhh
Her man kept pagin', stressin' her
So I told her what to say just in case he question her
Situations will arise, but you gotta be smart about it
No matter what you do (Don't talk about us)
Don't give up no info (He'll be lost without it)
Just keep your mouth shut, we could do this again, bring a friend!
You might also like
You used to all the attention, huh? (Yeah!)
But you don't want no commitment, huh? (Uh-uh!)
Why not? You should be comin' home with me
Sittin' in this lap with the luxury
Now you been, comin' in while you wakin' up (Yeah!)
Actin' like you behave and stuff (Uh-huh)
Uh-huh, you should be comin' home with me
Sittin' in this lap with the luxury, now check it

Guess who's back in my motherfuckin' house
Half black, half white chick; I call her Minnie Mouse (Woo!)
We always hook up when we out
We do what we like to do and then we out
But lately I've been havin' the strangest feelings
Your boy Young Hov' catchin' feelings
And it's messin' up my dealings 'cause mami's not willin'
To leave her boyfriend, she call me her toy-friend
Said, we was just 'sposed to hook up and have a blast
She called me her emergency dick-in-a-glass, haha (Hehehe)
I had to laugh for a second
Had to check myself, get my mackin' back in perspective
I slack for a second but I'm back, no question
Like I walk with a cane, ain't no half steppin'
Geah, and on that note
Iceberg Slim is back to rock a boat, c'mon
You used to all the attention, huh? (Yeah!)
But you don't want no commitment, huh? (Uh-uh!)
Why not? You should be comin' home with me
Sittin' in this lap with the luxury
Now you been, comin' in while you wakin' up (Yeah!)
Actin' like you behave and stuff (Uh-huh)
Uh-huh, you should be comin' home with me
Sittin' in this lap with the luxury, now check it

Let's fuck all night! Yeah
Until we both start yawnin' (Yeah)
To the bright Shirley Murdock morning (Yeah)
Until we both start yawnin'
Let's just fuck all night! Yeah
Let's have breakfast baby (Yeah)
Have lunch, have dinner, back to breakfast baby (Yeah)
Let's have breakfast baby

Have lunch, have dinner, back to breakfast maybe
That is, if that kid don't get too suspicious
Start blowin' up your digits
Showin' up livid, claimin' he wanna fight
But Shawn all business with his type (Uh-uh)
Nah, Shawn just tryna keep the friendship tight
Shawn to Sean Paul 'em if you gimme the light
And this way, you can stay for life, aight?
You used to all the attention, huh? (Yeah!)
But you don't want no commitment, huh? (Uh-uh!)
Why not? You should be comin' home with me
Sittin' in this lap with the luxury
Now you been, comin' in while you wakin' up (Yeah!)
Actin' like you behave and stuff (Uh-huh)
Uh-huh, you should be comin' home with me
Sittin' in this lap with the luxury, now check it

Let's fuck all night! Yeah
Until we both start yawnin' (Yeah)
To the bright Shirley Murdock morning (Yeah)
Until we both start yawnin'
Let's just fuck all night! Yeah
Let's have breakfast baby (Yeah)
Have lunch, have dinner, back to breakfast baby (Yeah)
Let's have breakfast baby

You used to all the attention, huh? (Yeah!)
But you don't want no commitment, huh? (Uh-uh!)
Why not? You should be comin' home with me
Sittin' in this lap with the luxury
Now you been, comin' in while you wakin' up (Yeah!)
Actin' like you behave and stuff (Uh-huh)
Uh-huh, you should be comin' home with me
Sittin' in this lap with the luxury, now check itEmbed
Now, the end is near (Can you believe this shit Guru?)
So I face (I'm from the hood man) the final curtain
(No the REAL hood the hood, not the RAP hood)
(The REAL hood, like three pair of pants)
My friends, I'll say it clear (pair of sneakers)
(My moms is bustin' her ass) State my case
(Nigga I'm goin' to Japan tomorrow!) Which I'm certain
(You understand what I'm sayin'? Can you believe that?)
I lived a life that's full (They have people, waitin'
At the airport like five days like I'm a Beatle or somethin')
(That's really somethin'!) And I traveled each, and every highway
(Seen the best of the best, the worst of the worst) and more
Much more than this (still here) I did it myyyyyy wayyyyyyy
(Let's try this one, uhh, yeah!)

Gangsta nigga
Put my hustle down, tore the game up, nigga
Took your high score down, put my name up, nigga
Tore the doors down to the Hall of Fame is Jigga
I did it my way (and more.. much more than this)
That's right, it's a beautiful thing man!
(I did it myyyyyy wayyyyyyy) I did it my way -- Hovi baby!

Momma's youngest and strongest, survived summers like saunas
Mastered a corner like Deion in his uniform
Pop hurtin' assertive, flirted with death
Damn near murdered before my first album hit the shelf
Grandma's favorite, she could not understand
How there's people in the world who wouldn't want me as a neighbor
Had to explain to her, you think these folks want me in the penthouse
As a reminder that I make top paper?
Black entrepreneur, nobody did us no favors
Nobody gave us shit, we made us
The Rap Pack, I'm Sinatra, Dame's Sam Davis
Biggs the smart one on the low like Dean Martin
We came in this game, not beggin' niggas pardon
Demandin' y'all respect, hand over a check
And while y'all at it, hand over the jet
We the reason they ain't hand over Def Jam so quick
They knew every year I was droppin' new product
I was raisin' the stock up, while buildin' the Roc up
But that's alright, 'cause they knew they had to see us
When it was time for us to re-up, make us multi-million-aires
Je-je-jeah!
You might also like
And more, much more than this; I did it myyyyyy wayyyyyyy

Jeah! In my lifetime
I caught smaller cases, but I had capital
Hypocritical system let me right back at you
You better hope a rich rapper never attacks you
Not even that scratches you, 'specially if you black dude
They don't give a shit unless the accused just happen to rap
And they can look good by paintin' him as bad news
'Cause in my past, I seen dudes get half of they views
Exposed to the curb and nobody said a word
So imagine how disturbed I was
When I seen how big they made my fight scene at the club
Let me explain exactly how this shit was
This nigga Un, yo, I scratched him, he went home without an aspirin but it’s cool 'cause we back friends, it happened and it's over
It's in the past and I'm glad, now I'm back to bein' Hova
Maybach with the chauffeur, laid back
Helicopter seat, feet inclined, shit feelin' like a sofa
Helicopter meet me, Teterboro take me over
Somewhere peaceful for the weekend now it's back to speakin' to vultures
So the next time that page six approaches us
Here's a quote from Jay, nigga I did it my - way

And more, much more than this; I did it myyyyyy wayyyyyyy1Embed
I'm not a one girl's guy (Real talk for you, peep game)
And they know it
When it comes to love, I don't lie (We don't lie, man)
And the girls respect me for it (You gotta respect that)
Ain't gonna say my nose can't be opened (I mean, never say never)
But right now, it's just too many fine ladies out there (Too many ladies, hah)
To choose one from
I love girls, girls, girls, girls, girls, I do adore
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I come off tour (Woo)

Who you lovin'? Who you wanna be huggin', huh?
Who you with? Who you wanna be fuckin'?
Got this smarty art chick to whom I pose this question
I read a couple books to add to her soul's progression
To put this in laymen's terms, I gave her some knowledge
She gave me brains in return, she had to drop out of college
Now all she does is homework, I give her in-house tutorin'
In and out, I'm movin' through her student body union
And she call me professor, say daddy come and test her
So she could fail on purpose and repeat the semester
I'm like, "At this rate, ma, you'll never graduate"
She said, "I ain't no fool, I'll make it up in summer school"
You might also like
I love girls, girls, girls, girls, girls, I do adore
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I come off tour
Now let the people sing
I'm tryin' girls out (Just tryin' girls out)
Just tryin' girls out
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I come off tour

Huh? Who you lovin'? Who you wanna be fuckin'?
Who said what? Why you trippin', girl? Why is you fussin'?
Got this model-slash-actress-slash-part-time waitress
Spend her whole day, she hanging 'round with part-time haters
All they do is dish dirt and put her up on my latest
Itinerary, but since I tend to vary, see
I tend to carry more rumors than ten Mariah Careys
Tend to hurries, in ten places at once (Woo)
Plus she can't front, 'cause peep how I run mines
Ma, our time together is our time together, and uh
Our time apart is our time apart
So love Jay with your mind, girl, and not your heart
And some day, I'll slow down, but for now, I get around
Like the late Makaveli or Pirelli twenty-inches
Or Caine and O-Dog, stick up tape from Menace
You tell 'em chicks if they must know my business
I'm tryin' girls out
Just tryin' girls out
Put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I get off tour
I'm tryin' girls, girls, girls, girls, girls, I do adore
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I come off tour

I'm lookin' for a Southern girl that cook like Patti LaBelle
Big ghetto booty, scarf over her doobie
Chanel under the Louis, Gucci over her booty
Vicky cover her titties, attitude of the city
Pretty, witty, girly, worldly
One who likes to party, but come home early
Light, kinda dark, short, sorta tall
Slim, kinda thick, I swear I love 'em all
She can cook the coke and got hook-up on the license
But she can get you first-class seats for coach prices
Isn't this great? My flight leaves at eight
Her flight lands at nine, my game just rewinds

I'm tryin' girls out
Just tryin' girls out
Put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I get off tour
I'm tryin' girls, girls, girls, girls, girls, I do adore
Yo, put your number on this paper, 'cause I would love to date ya
Holla at ya when I come off tour
I'm not a one girl's guy, and they know it
When it comes to love, I don't lie
And the girls respect me for it
Ain't gonna say my nose can't be opened
But right now, it's just too many fine ladies out there
To choose one from
I'm tryin' girls out (Waitin' patiently)
Just tryin' girls out (Until I find the one for me)10Embed
One lil punk ass buck?
That’s it nigga? (laughing)
That’s ballin'?
I guess men lie, women lie
But numbers don’t
It's over for that ballin’
It's my turn
Brooklyn!

We fly high, no lie, you know this (Brooklyn!)
Foreign rides, outside, it's like showbiz (It's my turn)
We stay fly, no lie, you know this (Brooklyn!)
Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused

Brooklyn get paper, tote big things
We chase niggas around they own ball game
Ball game nigga, it's over for you lames
Gimme back the chain, it's over for you dames
Fuck y'all broads
Didn’t they ever tell you don’t fuck with a man’s family They'll fuck with y'all's?
Kidnap mine?
Nigga I will click-clack push your wig back further than Tyra Banks' hairline
Your bank versus mine
If you're ballin’, nigga what I’m doing can’t be defined
The Joneses can’t keep up
Maybe my nigga Nas, but I got stronger after Ether
You might also like
We fly high, no lie, you know this (Brooklyn!)
Foreign rides, outside, it's like showbiz (It's my turn)
We stay fly, no lie, you know this (Brooklyn!)
Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused

Bed Stuy, Brownsville, CI
The Best in the game since Daddy Kane and B.I
My turn, we live, money to burn, nigga we on fire
G-5'er, Ace of Spade
Make it real easy to book your babe
I’m running a Boston on these niggas
I’m watching ya Soundscan you keep reniggin'
I’m trump-tight, I'm Trump-like
I’m on my way to a billi, I play my cards nice
Niggas like "Hov, ya sound too rich!"
I'm like "Oh! Ain't that about a bitch?"
Ain't that we here for? Therefore
I sound like I'm supposed to sound, meet me at the Clearport
I’m ballin’ for real, you pump faking it
Manhattan keep on making it, Brooklyn keep on taking it! Yeah!

We fly high, no lie, you know this (Brooklyn!)
Foreign rides, outside, it's like showbiz (It's my turn)
We stay fly, no lie, you know this (Brooklyn!)
Hips and thighs, oh my, stay focused
Yeahh! Shoutout to all my real niggas in Harlem
145th & all that
All the Dominicans, OG Juan, Lower Eastside Tru-Life
This ain't about boroughs, this is about niggas and bitches
It's game time, hehe
It's my turn
Let the games begin
YOUNG!Embed
Haters
Haters—these niggas is haters!
And I made myself so easy to love
Yeah
Yeah

How much they hate it? Very
Kiss girls like Katy Perry
I am never sprung, but I spring 'er: Jerry
Don’t try this at home; results may vary
King like T.I., but in the Chi, Larry

Hoover? Hova
Both are American Gangsters
You choose who's colder
Rappers get nasty in the booth but I'm grosser
I can’t even stomach myself: ulcer
More realer 'cause I'm closer
Had girlies in girdles weighing more than they supposed to
Poser? No, sir
My hustle: so Russell
I stretch work: yoga
You know I got it down, dog
Al Roker: I used to knock pounds off
It ain’t nothing for me to knock nouns off
And these MCs praying for my downfall
They just haters
I wave at you, I’m so player
I’ll never be done, I’m so ra-re
You might also like
We killing the game, it's not fair
You motherfuckers stay right there
'Cause we too high up in the air
We blasting off just like a laser
Nigga, "Pyong! Pyong! Pyong!"
Get back, give me room, room, room
DB9 like, "Vroom, vroom, vroom!"
Young Hov', what we doin', doin', doin'?

We ballin', bitches
Eating y'all food, leaving dishes
Why these niggas always talking Lear talk, 'Ye?
Why I never see 'em at the Clearport, 'Ye?
Why always hear they at the airport?
While I fly daily like I'm in the Air Force (Ayy)
Therefore, please stop talking my ears off, millionaire talk
You haters, you mad at me 'cause your paper
Need to get its motherfucking weight up
(Hold up) Wait up, I ain’t done
Name one thing I ain’t done
It hurts when you say that I ain't the one
You haters, how do I gain your favor?
I need to know 'cause I care
I need you to love me, I swear—look here!
See 'Ye is running the Chi like Gale Sayers
I'm running New York, I got the mayor on my pager
You can’t fade us, you haters
I need you, stay there
I breathe you like air
Ay-yer
Yeah-yeah-yeah, yay-yer
Yeah-yeah-yeah, yay-yer
Where all my haters?
I love all my haters
Love all my haters
I love all my haters
Where the fuck is my haters? Hater?
Yay-yer! Haha18Embed
You ain't got enough stamps in ya passport to fuck with Young H-O, heheheh
International
Uhh
Show young boys how to do this thing
The maturation of Jay-Zeezy, heh
Check me out

30's the new 20 nigga I'm so hot still (uhh)
Better broad, better automobile (uhh)
Bet a yard (naw!) bet a hundred mil
That by the song's end I'll probably start another trend
I know everything you wan' do
I did all that by the age of 21
By 22, I had that brand new Ac' coupe
I guess you could say that my legend just begun
I'm, young enough to know the right car to buy
Yet grown enough not to put rims on it
I got that six-deuce with curtains so you can't see me
And I didn't even have to put tints on it
I don't got the bright watch, I got the right watch
I don't buy out the bar, I bought the nightspot
I got the right stock
I, got, stockbrokers that's movin' it like white tops
I know you're like "Fuck! This is child abuse, call DYFS!"
I must just be getting nicer
You young boys ain't ready for real
30's the new 20 nigga, I'm so hot still
You might also like
I used to let my pants sag, not givin' a fuck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to cruise the used car lot, put chrome on the truck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to play the block like that (like that)
I used to carry knots like that (like that)
Now I got black cards, good credit and such
Baby boy cause I'm all grown up, taha!

30's the new 20 nigga, I'm on fire still
These young boys is like fire drills (uhh)
False alarms (uhh) the next don (naw)
He ain't got it (uhh) on to the next one (Young)
I'm still here (yeah) still here like Mike
Gotta stop playin' with these children (chea)
I'm a bully with the bucks (boots)
Don't let the patent leather shoes fool you youngin'
I got the fully in the tux
That was my past, now I'm so grown up
I don't got one gun on me
Gotta a sum on me to hire a gun army, get ya spun like laundry
And I'll be somewhere under palm trees, calmly listenin' to R&B
When we get the call he's, no longer with us, fire ya babysitters
You little fucks fall back for real
30's the new 20 nigga, I'm so hot still
I used to let my pants sag, not givin' a fuck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to cruise the used car lot, put chrome on the truck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to wear my hoodie like that (like that)
Five deep in a hooptie like that (like that)
Now I got black cards, good credit and such
Baby boy cause I'm all grown up, heheheh

Y'all roll blunts, I smoke Cubans all day
Y'all youngins chase, I'm Patronin' it straight
I like South Beach but I'm in St. Tropez
Y'all drink Dom but not Rosé (hey)
Ya chick shop at the mall
My chick burnin' down Bergdorf's
Comin' back with Birkin bags
Ya chick is like, "What type of purse is that?"
I'm from the era where niggas don't snitch
You from the era where snitchin' is the shit
I'm afraid of the future (why?)
Y'all respect the one who got shot, I respect the shooter
Y'all go to parties to ice grill
I go to parties to party with nice girls
Young boys gotta chill
30's the new 20 nigga, I'm so hot still
I used to let my pants sag, not givin' a fuck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
I used to cruise the used car lot, put chrome on the truck
Baby boy, now I'm all grown up
Ya, we used to ball like that (like that)
Now we own the ball team, holla back (holla back)
Now I got black cards, good credit and such
Baby boy cause I'm all grown up, taha!7Embed
Ohhhhhhhhhhh, I like the party life! (Break out the red lights) (Welcome to the party life)
The big city in bright light (Welcome to the 70's)
The pretty girl dressed in the skintight (Sweeeet)

Ordered some Patreezy, while talking to this breezy
Brushing off my three-piece, I make this look too easy
So tall and lanky, my suit, it should thank me
I make it look good to be this hood, Meyer Lansky
Mixed with Lucky Lefty, gangster effortlessly
Papa was a rolling stone, it's in my an-ces-try
I'm in a whole 'nother league, niggas never catch me
And I sport fly shit, I should win the ESPY

When you're blue, and got nothing to do
Welcome to the party life
If you're feeling low, we got to see the glow
Head into the party life

Hahahah... Baby I said 'I-I sport, fly shit
I should win the ESPY'
I'm really in another league, babe
I got a slick mouth, you might wanna roll with me
You might also like
I'm on the bra strap, she's on my dick
Ain't nothing wrong with that, that's my biiitch!
I be the boss of that, I'm on her shit
So all you niggas fall back, I'll split ya wiiig
She's my little quarterback, ya dig
'Cause I'm all that in the sack, yeah, ya dig
I spoiled her, foiled it if you faking Jack
She's used to million dollar vacations
Fuck y'all gon' do with that?

When you're blue, and got nothing to do
Welcome to the party life
If you're feeling low, we got to see the glow
Get into the party life
Ay baby, see
When you're used to filet mignon
It's kinda hard to go back to Hamburger Helper
It's your choice though baby
Head into the party life

(Is you rolling, rolling, rolling?)
Yeah, baby, is you rolling?
Head into the party life
You can stall out or ball out
(Is you rolling, rolling, rolling?)
Make a choice
(​​​​​​​​Heading-heading to the party life)
It's so gangster, baby
Sipping on my vino got me cooler than Pacino
And De Niro put together my real life is like Casino
They should pay me for some B-roll
Taking G-strolls through the ghee-tto
When rap-pap-pap-pid fire's just a necessary evil
Hola Ho-vi-to, cooler than ze-ro
Be-low, fresh one blade, no chemo
Art with no easel, please it's no equal
Your boy's Off the Wall these other niggas is Tito

Ohhh... I like the party life!
The city in bright lights
Little girls dressed in the skintight

Damn! Ay baby I said I'm
I'm "Off the Wall" I'm like a young Michael Jackson
These other niggas is Tito
Shout out to Randy, hehehehe
Real talk !

When you're blue, and got nothing to do
Welcome to the party life
If you're feeling low, we got to see the glow
Head into the party life
I'ma just let this ride out
I might let it ride out for like seven minutes
You can groove to it, whatever
Get your two step - AOWWW!
Guru, turn the lights down
Let's keep it smooth
This that shit you roll up, like a lil' tight J to
Sip your lil' wine, whatever your vice is y'know
Whatever you like to do
Get into your comfort zone baby, get into yo' comfort zone

When you're blue, and got nothing to do
Welcome to the party life
If you're feeling low, we got to see the glow
Head into the party life

Head into the party life
I don't even want it to stop though, f'real though

Step into my bedroom, I, call it the red room
'Cau-cause it gets hot hot hot hot...
I trust you gon' like it ; see, why are we talking all this fly shit?
'Cau-cau-cau-cau-cau-cause I'm the flyest
Hovito, baby, no equal, baby
Sold perico, beat the RICO, now I'm leg-al ba-by
Hovito, baby, no equal, baby
Sold perico, beat the RICO, now can we go crazy

When you're blue, and got nothin to do
Welcome to the party life
If you're feeling low, we got to see the glow
Head into the party life
You know, nothing in the world makes me sadder
Than to see a lonely person12Embed
Yeah Guru
Let's have a little fun with this one
I got another one
Nigga your shit is trash
When I see you I'ma beat your ass
You better stop playing with me
I don't give a fuck about no magazine
Don't need radio to do my thing
You see me nigga: bling, bling, bling
Take it to the bridge

Your SoundScan going down
You better off selling them now
Out the trunk, trunk trunk
You better stop fucking around
You're gon' make me chase your coward ass down
With the pump, pump, pump

I came into this game
Wanting more paper than Puff
Now I realize Puff paper ain't enough
Last week Bleek puffed Puff paper up
And Beans buy a Bentley every week
And I know y'all don't know but G4's ain't cheap
And B she gotta ride G3 (nothing less)
Plus real estate in Miami is highway robbery
Wars cost, I need guns for my robberies
I'm buying tanks, if you're thinking it's just rap
Don't go too far on that verse
Get your whole chest collapsed
It's just the facts
God bless the cats that think I'm a liar
Pick up a paper nigga, read my priors
"Just retire!"
They screaming from the peanut gallery
Not 'til my salary's like the real Mike Lowry
I kill shit 'til I catch Will Smith
Then I'm running Spielberg down (yes)
Everything I say I do, you can feel my words now
Or read about 'em later, nigga
You don't even know me and you mad
How's it feel to be a hater?
Now I know exactly how it feels to be a Laker
I'm in power in a Maybach with the missing towers
With a keyless ignition, eating Chow's
A Nobu nigga, merci beaucoup
I'm in France, I meant Japan
What the fuck wrong with you?
Everybody wanna know my net worth
Niggas wake up on my dick—eat some breakfast first
I'm a legend, I ain't even left this Earth
I'm considered one of the best 'cause I wreck shit the worst
I don't care about no vest, when that TEC hit it hurts
Spinning that Lexus in reverse
Making your next whip a hearse
Best to keep it in the verse
If it leaks into the street, I won't sleep
I'ma creep, 'til I rest one of your peeps
And I promise on my momma, I'm just trying to keep the peace
But I'm an outcast, nigga
So I gotta keep a piece
So when it cock you and shock you, it's a security breach
Don't make me reach point break
I hit you, Point Blank
This ain't a movie dog!
You might also like
Your SoundScan going down
You better off selling them now
Out the trunk, trunk trunk
You better stop fucking around
You're gon' make me chase your coward ass down
With the pump, pump, pump

Young!
Black Album's on the way
I know you heard my footsteps2Embed
Every day a star is born (And you say New York City! Yeah, yeah)
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey
Every day a star is born (And you say New York City! Uh-huh)
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey

I seen Mase do it, I seen 'Ye do it
'X came through, caught lighter fluid
Still I came through it; clap for him!
But I’m the blueprint, I'm like the map for 'em
I dropped another classic, made Puff pass it
Nobody could touch Puff back when Puff had it
Wayne scorchin', I'll applaud him
If he keep going, pass the torch to him
50 came through like hurricanes do
I thought I finished his ass at Summer Jam too
I had the Illmatic on bootleg
The shit was so ahead, thought we was all dead
Wayne did "A Milli," Fifty did a milli
'Ye too, but what Em did was silly
The white boy blossomed after Dre endorsed him
His flow on "Renegade": fucking awesome
Applaud him!
Every day, a star is born (And you say New York City!)
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey
Every day, a star is born (And you say New York City! Uh-huh, Jay)
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey
You might also like
Snoop dogged it, Nelly came down
The Face Mob kept it ghetto for the H-Town
Luda moved digits after he moved bitches
Drake's up next, see what he do with it (Uh-huh)
Rule had a run, couple movie parts
T.I. literally wanted to shoot up the charts
What up, Jeezy? What it do?
Y’all remind me of us in early '92 (Uh-huh)
Outkast landed, 3-thou was ill
Like a male version of Lauryn Hill
Mobb Deep shook it, but Prodigy took it
A lil' too far, can't fuck with Brooklyn
Wu-Tang gangbanged it, Meth ate
Rae took on the date with the Purple Tape
Passed on to Ason and then Ghostface
They had a hell of a run, standing ovay', ayy
Every day, a star is born
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey
Every day, a star is born (Uh-huh, Jay)
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey

And I am one of one
Can’t you see just how long my run?
My reign, Lulu's son-shine
Been a star since I was ducking one-time
One time, give it up for him
December 4th, a star was born
Clap for him! He went from moving that corner
To this corner office, it's so enormous
Hey!
Prez' Carter watching her get her Monica on all day
Hey, got so many different monikers, but only one Jay
They come, they go
Some real, some faux
Some friends, some hoes
But, no, I goes nowhere, this Hov'
Every day a star is born (And you say New York City!)
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey
Every day a star is born (And you say New York City! Uh-huh, yeah)
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Hey
And could I be a star?
Does fame in this game have to change who you are?
Or could I be the same one who came from a far-away life
Just to make it in these Broadway lights?
Now I'm shining in the broad daylight—go figure
A slow transition from a lil' broke nigga from the 'Ville
Got a deal, a real lifesaver
Dreams of being behind the wheel like Jada
I chill now, cop a lil' ice later
Cole, you got the glow like a lil' lightsaber
So clap for him!
Then applaud Hov, he gave him a platform
Flow so sick, thought he wrote the rap for him—no, sir!
The flow cold as the shoulders of gold-digging hoes when a broke nigga 'proaches
Told you I’m focused, man
I’ll let you motherfuckers soak it in, and clap for 'em!

Every day, a star is born (And you say New York City!)
Yeah, hey, and clap for 'em!
Hey, hey, and clap for 'em!
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em!
I'm here now! Fayettenam
Clap for 'em! Clap for 'em! Ayy (J. Cole!)
Every day, a star is born52Embed
What?
Well fuck you... bitch
Now can you bounce wit me, wit me, wit me wit me
Can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me, wit me wit me
Can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me, ge-gi-gi-gi-gi-gi
Can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me, ye-ye-yeah
Uh-huh uh-huh bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Ya-yah-yah, ya-ya-yah-yeah bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Ge-gi, ge-gi-gi-gi-geyeah bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Get it!

Can I hit in the mornin' without givin' you half of my dough
And even worse, if I was broke would you want me
If I couldn't get you finer things like all of them diamond rings
Bitches kill for would you still roll
If we couldn't see the sun risin' off the shore of Thailand
Would you ride then, if I wasn't driving
If I wasn't a eight-figure nigga by the name of Jigga
Would you come around me or would you clown me
If I couldn't flow futuristic, would ya
Put your two lips on my wood and kiss it, could ya
See yourself with a nigga working hard at a nine to five
Ten to six, two jobs to survive, or
Do you need a baller, so you can shop and tear the mall up
Brag, tell your friends what I bought ya
If you couldn't see yourself with a nigga when his dough is low
Baby girl, if this is so, yo
You might also like
Can I get a fuck you
To these bitches from all of my niggas
Who don't love hoes, they get no dough
Can I get a woop woop
To these niggas from all of my bitches
Who don't got love for niggas without dubs
Can I get a fuck you
To these bitches from all of my niggas
Who don't love hoes, they get no dough
Can I get a woop woop
To these niggas from all of my bitches
Who don't got love for niggas without dubs

Now can you bounce wit me, uhh
Bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Uh uh.. Major Coins, Amil-lion
Bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Uhh, yo bounce wit me
Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Yeah, uh-uh uh uh

You ain't gotta be rich but fuck that
How we gonna get around on your bus pass
Before I put this pussy on your mustache
Can you afford me? My niggas breadwinners, never corny
Ambition makes me so horny
Not the fussin' and the frontin'
If you got nothing, baby boy, you better
Get up, get out and get some, shit
I like a - lot of Prada, Alizé and vodka
Late nights, candlelight, then I tear the cock up
Get it up I put it down e'rytime it pop up, huh
I got to snap 'em, let it loose, then I knock ya
Feel the juice, then I got ya - when you produce a rock
I let you meet momma and introduce you to poppa
My - coochie remains in a Gucci name
Never test my patience, nigga, I'm high maintenance
High class, if you ain't rollin', bypass
If you ain't holdin' I dash yo
Can I get a fuck you
To these bitches from all of my niggas
Who don't love hoes, they get no dough
Can I get a woop woop
To these niggas from all of my bitches
Who don't got love for niggas without dubs
Can I get a fuck you
To these bitches from all of my niggas
Who don't love hoes, they get no dough
Can I get a woop woop
To these niggas from all of my bitches
Who don't got love for niggas without dubs

Now can you bounce for me, bounce for me
Uhh
Can ya can ya can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Uhh!
Gi-gi-gi-geyeah-geyeah
Can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
UHH!
Gi-gi-gi-gi can ya bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Uhh! Yeah
It ain't even a question
How my dough flows, I'm good to these bad hoes
Like my puss wet and they don't dry like damp clothes
What y'all niggas don't know: it's e-asy to pimp a hoe
Bitches better have my money fo' sho'
Before they go runnin' they mouth, promotin' how
I be dickin' they, back out, go 'head, let it out
I fucks with my Gat out, bounce and leave a hundred
Makin' 'em feel slutted even if they don't want it
It's been so long, since I met a chick ain't about chips but then I'm
Dead wrong, when I tell 'em, "be gone"
So hold on to the feelin' of flossin' and plat-num
'Cause from now on, you can witness Ja the i-con
With hoodies and Timbs on, 'cause I thugs my bitches
VV studs my bitches, then we rob bitch niggas
I'm talkin' 'bout straight figures, if you here, get with us
If not, Boo, you know what, I still fucked you
Can I get a fuck you
To these bitches from all of my niggas
Who don't love hoes, they get no dough
Can I get a woop woop
To these niggas from all of my bitches
Who don't got love for niggas without dubs
Can I get a fuck you
To these bitches from all of my niggas
Who don't love hoes, they get no dough
Can I get a woop woop
To these niggas from all of my bitches
Who don't got love for niggas without dubs

Now can you bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Ge-gi, ge-gi-gi-gi bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Wit me wit me wit me bounce wit me, bounce wit me
Bounce, bitch, bounce.. wit me wit me wit me wit me
Can ya bounce wit me wit me
Ge-gi, uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh
Uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh-huh uh
Can ya bounce wit me bounce wit me
Geyeah14Embed
J (Uh), A (Uh-uh), Y (Uh-uh-uh)
This that hop I'm talkin' 'bout right here, Timbo
I can't be stopped when it hop like this, family, uh
(Uno, dos, tres, cuatro)

They say, "Hola, Hovito"
That's what they sayin' when I roll up with my people
My music bangin' like vatos locos, got rap in a chokehold
And I won't surrender it with beats by Timbaland
Cállate la boca, my baby
All I want to do is stroke you all crazy
My dick game is vicious, insane at bitches
Mami keep comin' back 'cause mami came vicious
Catch Hov in the drop, nasty thang, lane switchin'
Once you turn your neck for a sec, your dame's missin'
Bujando, bujando, the cops is comin'
Got that rap patrol behind, yo, get to runnin'
I'm unstoppable Hov, untoppable flows
I'm the compadre, the Sinatra of my day
Ol' Blue Eyes, my nigga, I did it my way
Y'all not rollin' with Hov, then hit the highway

Hola, Hovito (Yeah, yeah)
Hola, Hovito
Yeah that's what they sayin' when that music get to bangin'
Put it down for my people
Hola, Hovito
Hola, Hovito
Yeah, yeah, that's what they sayin' when that music get to bangin'
Put it down for my people
You might also like
Yeah, yeah
Naw, I don't fuck around, stay on my J-O
Hov been about that dough since I was a day old
Oh, push perico if I need to for the root of evil
Was born in the belly, that's the way the streets breed you
One life to live, notice you get no sequel
So I truly got to live this like my last movie
Six, ooh-wee, jewels drippin', big tooly
I ball for real, y'all niggas is Sam Bowie
And with the third pick, I made the earth sick
MJ, him Jay, fadeaway perfect
I rhyme sicker than every rhyme spitter
Every crime nigga that rhyme or touch a mic, because my mind's quicker
I'm a '88er, nine-six a reasonable doubt
Temper short, don't take much to squeeze you out
Yeah, you shinin', but the only thing you're leavin' out
You're a candle in the sun, that shit don't even out

Hola, Hovito (Yeah, yeah)
Hola, Hovito (Yeah)
Yeah, yeah, that's what they sayin' when that music get to bangin'
Put it down for my people
Hola, Hovito
Hola, Hovito
Yeah, that's what they sayin' when that music get to bangin'
Put it down for my people
Hold up, naw, motherfuckers
Y'all motherfuckers better run to the post office and get a job, motherfuckers
Or starve, motherfuckers
'Cause Jay's been the only one eatin' thus far, subpar motherfuckers
Naw, even though y'all hate, I love y'all motherfuckers
Friend or foe, y'all all my motherfuckers
If you haven't heard, I'm Michael, Magic, and Bird
All rolled in one
'Cause none got more flows than Young
Plus got more flows to come
And if I ain't better than Big, I'm the closest one
So move over, hoes, choose Hova
My food for thought so hot, it give you dudes ulcers
Rovers, roasters, hoes is
Gettin' it in with me, livin' like they supposed to
Watches, chain, front row at the game
Sold-out arena, all screamin' my name, c'mon

Hola, Hovito (Yeah, yeah)
Hola, Hovito
Yeah, that's what they sayin' when that music get to bangin'
Put it down for my people
Hola, Hovito
Hola, Hovito
Yeah, yeah, that's what they sayin' when that music get to bangin'
Put it down for my people19Embed

Yeezy, Hova, Yeezy
Yeezy Yeezy, Hova, hold up
You either love me or leave me alone
You either love me or leave me alone

Oh, they want me to fall (Fall)
Fall from the top (Top)
They want me to drop (Drop)
They want me to stop (Stop)
They want me to go (Go)
I'm already gone (Already)
The shit that I'm on (Hey)
I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home

Now one more 'gin

Oh (Oh), they want me to fall (Fall)
Fall from the top (Top)
They want me to drop (Drop)
They want me to stop (No)
They want me to go (No)
I'm already gone (Gone)
The shit that I'm on (Already)
I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
You might also like
These niggas want me to go, don’t they know that I'm gone
They know I'm space shuttle level, they need oxyg-g-g-gen
Don't they know that they boring? Don’t they know that I yawn?
Only time they exciting is when they mentioning Shawn
Seen Single White Female when she dyed her hair blonde?
Sometimes I look at these rappers, the movie remind me of them
Somebody turn these boys off, don't they know that I'm on
Can't they see that it's foolish to try and kill me with songs
What the fuck are they Lauryn, they killing me softly
You talk me to death, only thing you do is talk
I open the door for them, what else can I do
These niggas want me to walk for them
Somebody talk to them before I go off on them

Oh, they want me to fall (Fall)
Fall from the top (Top)
They want me to drop (Drop)
They want me to stop (Stop)
They want me to go (Go)
I'm already gone (Already)
The shit that I'm on (Hey)
I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
I taught 'em 'bout fishscale, they want me to fish for them
They want me to catch clean then cook up a dish for them
All of this just for them or they got a diss for him
They want me to disappear like it's gon' shift for them
They say that I'm in the way, they want me to sit for them
But what they admitting is they ain't got shit for him
And really the fact is, we not in the same bracket
Not in the same league, don't shoot at the same baskets
Don't pay the same taxes, hang with the same bitches
So how am I in the way, what is it I'm missing?
Nigga I been missing, nigga I been gone
The shit that you just witnessing I been on
And as for the critics, tell me I don't get it
Everybody can tell you how to do it, they never did it
Now these niggas is mad, oh, they call me a Camel
But I mastered the drought, what the fuck I'm an animal
Half man half mammal, my sign is a Sag
This is just what I planned to do, oh, don't be mad

Oh, they want me to fall (Fall)
Fall from the top (Top)
They want me to drop (Drop)
They want me to stop (Stop)
They want me to go (Go)
I'm already gone (Already)
The shit that I'm on (Hey)
I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
I'm in The Hall already, on the wall already
I'm a work of art, I'm a Warhol already
On another level, on another plane already
H-O-V, I got my own lane, already (Already)
I done cooked up the rock already
So why the fuck can't y'all get hot already? (Already)
Put your name in the pot already
Niggas compare me to Biggie and Pac already (Already)
Like I'm gone already
And I am nigga I'm already home already (Already)
If y'all can't already see
I ain't worried about y'all 'cause I'm already me (Already)
Yeah, do you already, enough with the complaining
Boo-hoo's already, eat food already
Ain't nothing given you gotta claim your shoes already

Yeah, so in summation, I don't know who you racing
I'm already at the finish line with the flag waving
Come on

Oh, they want me to fall (Fall)
Fall from the top (Top)
They want me to drop (Drop)
They want me to stop (Stop)
They want me to go (Go)
I'm already gone (Already)
The shit that I'm on (Hey)
I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Oh (Oh), they want me to fall (Fall)
Fall from the top (Top)
They want me to drop (Drop)
They want me to stop (No)
They want me to go (No)
I'm already gone (Gone)
The shit that I'm on (Already)
I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home
Hey, I'm already home20Embed
It ain't for everybody! (Uhh)
Welcome to Hollywood, baby (Take a picture)
Uh-huh, you coming with? (Let's not even talk about it)
Let's do it (let's go) uh-huh

I see your jealousy as you watching (I see you watching me, baby)
You watching (it's all good)
It's kinda sexy to me how you watching (I love it)
You watching (Uh-huh, come on)
I see your face (I see your face)
You wanna touch it (You wanna touch it)
Come to my place (Come to the crib)
And let's discuss it (Let's chop it up)
Tonight you'll be, a superstar
Tonight you gonna be a superstar, baby
Come let me sign you up (Let's get into it)

Ooh it's the lights
You blinded by the (Action!)
You need that (Hollywood!)
Ah, ah, ah, ah, come on
Ooh it's the lights
You blinded by the (Satisfaction!)
You need that (Hollywood)
Ah, ah, ah, ah, come on
You might also like
Paparazzi spots me in the lobby of my high-rise
I hide behind my shades cause the fame is blinding my eyes
My God, I know how Ozzie Oz
Once had felt when he was as high as I have got
I have got to make this stop
People often warn me that the fame ain't for the faint of heart
It'll change those who said they had love for you into strangers
When your fame starts, it's a chain reaction
Locomotion like when the train departs
Stranger, things have happened
Rapping, stacking, platinum plaquin'
Born in Brooklyn, got a place in Manhattan
Going back to Brooklyn to escape the madness
When your friends is, Chris and Gwyneth
When your girl is more famous than you then it's
Time to get all your windows tinted
Keep your eyes squinted, it's gon' flash any minute
The music biz is like musical chairs
It's about where you standing when the music stop spinning

Ooh it's the lights
You blinded by the (Action!)
You need that (Hollywood!)
Ah, ah, ah, ah, come on
Ooh it's the lights
You blinded by the (Satisfaction!)
You need that (Hollywood)
Ah, ah, ah, ah, come on
You got to get it (Oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh)
Do you want it? (Oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh)
But you don't need it (Oh oh oh oh, oh oh oh)
What do you do? Oh oh oh oh
Now that you got what you want
What do you do? Oh oh oh, hey
Oh you want more?

Hey mister, pay six-a, a list-a, you're in the mist of
The ride of your life but you gotta keep them hits up
Can't put your guard down, gotta keep your mitts up
Take a sip, sir, it's so intoxicating, ain't it?
Try not to get jaded, Hollywood's been good to ya
Startin' feel like buzz to ya, don't lie
Gon' fly, you addicted to the lights
Without the fame how you gon' survive
It's like living on heroin, you so high

And everybody warning you about it (I tried to told you)
And once you taste, you can't live without it (It's addictive)
Not cause you choose to not live without it
You sure you want this, baby?
It's now a part of you, it's now a part of you (It's a part of you)
And everybody warning you about it
I see you changed, I see you blinded
And once you taste you can't live
Ooh it's the lights
You blinded by the (Action!)
You need that (Hollywood!)
Ah, ah, ah, ah, come on
Ooh it's the lights
You blinded by the (Satisfaction!)
You need that (Hollywood)
Ah, ah, ah, ah, come on

Wanna be seen, male groupies
Now you've become what you once despised
James Dean, John Belushi
Blow your whole life tryna live in the lights
Heroins following Marilyn
Hoppin' over the edge just like Janis Joplin
River Phoenix, Jimi Hendrix
Jimmy Morrison, all of them ended by
Hollywood, thank God for Hollywood
Hollywood, sure you want this baby?

Hollywood
It's the most addicted drug in the world
Want the fame? You want the lights?
Hahaha5Embed
Yes! It's the collection!
It's ya boy S. Dot
Yes! I'ma take this time out to talk to you about The Black Album real quick
It's a prequel to all my... uh.. all my albums
It's the activities leading up to my first album in '96
It's like the book ends for the whole career... you know
We gon' take it all the way back
It's a time peat circa '88 to '94, maybe 95'
We'll put a little bit of '95 in there, you know what I'm saying?
All the things that lead to songs like Friend or Foe or D'Evils you know what I'm saying?
You know all those activities you know what I'm saying? Yeah
It's ya boy Hov!
We gon' take y'all back to school, real quick
The game is all wrong, business niggas is snitching and it's okay..
We gotta adjust the game, put it back where it's supposed to be
We gotta put back the integrity back in music man
You know what I'm saying?
Check it out!

There's rules to this shit, consult the OGs
'Fore you dudes make one move on the strip
'Fore you move your lip, take the tool off your hip
I show you how to do this shit
I'll tell you what type of car to buy
What type of shoes to get
What type of jewels to cop, you could rule this shit
Manolo Blahnik or Jimmy Choo's for your chick
You gotta treat her right if she gon' mule your shit
Do you know the type of damage love could do
If she feels she's getting taken advantage of? Ouu!
If you want her on the stand
Standing up like a down chick supposed to
Here I'll coach you, Young ain't fake like most dudes
Young move weight like Cool J's trainer's a no brainer
And don't be wearing no vest with no banger
That just makes you a target
Young used to run the block, now I corner the market
'86 your bullshit, man get smart kid
But you ain't want to do no small bid
Incarcerated with the hard heads, acting like you hard head
That's all dead, get yourself the hog's head
Cheese, we could all get, R.S.V.P
Man we used to play dolls here
Wet niggas with the faucet, come through get your car ran
Ran errands for the bosses
'Til I became one, now I got linen in the closet
I got the blueprint, you just gotta follow it
Rule number one, real niggas never gossip
Rule number two, own The Black Album you gotta cop it
You might also like
Hehehehe, hehehehe
Yeah man, we just gon' bring it back to the game man
Black Album, S Dot
It's the collection
First non athlete with a shoe
It's history baby
I know you love me, you just don't know how to tell me
It's all good though, I love y'all too
It's ya boy, Guru, fade it1Embed

Ha ha, ha ha
What.. '96 and forever
Rok-A-Blok, Roc-A-Fella
Yeah, keep it realer than most
Marcy, Brooklyn... yeah
I'm feeling it, fill the glass to the top with Moët
Feeling it, feel the Lex' pushing up on the set
I'm feeling it, feel the high that you get from the lye
Feeling it, if you feel it raise your L in the sky

I keep it realer than most, I know you feeling it
Cristal's on ice, I like to toast, I keep on spilling it
Bone crushers I keep real close, I got the skill for this
On my back the flyest clothes, looking ill as shit
Transactions illegitimate 'cause life is still a bitch
And then you die but for now, life, close your eyes and feel this dick
Since diapers, had nothing to live for like them lifers but
Making sure every nigga stay rich within my cipher
We paid the price to circle us, success, they turned my mic up
I'm 'bout to hit these niggas with some shit that'll light ya life up
If every nigga in your clique is rich, your clique is rugged
Nobody will fall 'cause everyone will be each others crutches
I hope you fools choose to listen, I drop jewels, bust it
These are the rules I follow in my life, you gotta love it
Jiggy-Jigga looking gully in the joint
If y'all niggas ain't talking 'bout large money, what's the point?
You might also like
I'm feeling it, fill the glass to the top with Moët
Feeling it, feel the Lex' pushing up on the set
I'm feeling it, feel the high that you get from the lye
Feeling it, if you feel it raise your L in the sky

Even if it ain't sunny, hey, I ain't complaining
I'm in the rain doing a buck 40, hydroplaning, what, shorty?
(Where you disappear to, son?) Maintaining
Putting myself in a position most of these rappers ain't in
I'm living, the ill streets' blues got you hunger pang-in'
Nothing to gain and a whole lot to lose, you still singing, fool
I'm thorough, in every borough, my name be ringing
Warming it up for the perfect time to hit your brain, and
Ya feelin' it? To all the girls that bought a girdle to conceal my bricks
No doubt, they can vouch my life is real as shit
'95 South and Papi on the Hill and shit
And all the towns like Cambridge that I killed with, shit
And all the thorough-ass niggas that I hustle with
Throw your joints in the air one time and bust your shit
These fake rappers can't really know I'm loving it, you feeling it?

I'm feeling it, fill the glass to the top with Moët
Feeling it, feel the Lex' pushing up on the set
I'm feeling it, feel the high that you get from the lye
Feeling it, if you feel it raise your L in the sky
I'm feeling it, fill the glass to the top with Moët
Feeling it, feel the Lex' pushing up on the set
I'm feeling it, feel the high that you get from the lye
Feeling it, if you feel it raise your L in the sky
What, y'all ain't heard that nigga Jay hot?
The Cristals they keep me wet like Baywatch
I keep it tight for all the nights my momma prayed I'd stop
Said she had dreams that snipers hit me with a fatal shot
Those nightmares, ma, those dreams that you say you've got
Give me the chills but these mills, well, they make me hot
Y'all don't feel me, enough to stop the illing right?
But at the same time these dimes keep me feeling tight
I'm so confused, okay I'm getting weeded now
I know I contradicted myself, look, I don't need that now
It's just once in a blue when there's nothing to do
And the tension gets too thick for my sober mind to cut through
I get to zoning: me and the chick on the island and then we're boning
I free my mind sometimes I hear myself moaning
Take one more toke and I leave that weed alone, man
It got me going, shit
I'm feeling it, fill the glass to the top with Moët
Feeling it, feel the Lex' pushing up on the set
I'm feeling it, feel the high that you get from the lye
Feeling it, if you feel it raise your L in the sky
I'm feeling it, fill the glass to the top with Moët
Feeling it, feel the Lex' pushing up on the set
I'm feeling it, feel the high that you get from the lye
Feeling it, if you feel it raise your L in the sky
I'm feeling it, fill the glass to the top with Moët...22Embed
Turn the camera at me
See what the public-
See what y'all did to rappers?
They scared to be theyself
You know what I'm saying?
Niggas don't think that people
Gonna accept them as theyself

That's what people don't understand about me
That I could make so many albums and just keep going
How the fuck you do that?
Because it's me, It's really me
I'm just talking what I go through
Whatever it is, be it good
I might say the worst shit
In the world, but it's me
But then you saying shit
That make people in the hood do crime
You're gonna do it
'cause you want to do it
But then you don't help them
You saying that you sell drugs
That you've got a gun
This, that, that
My rhymes are not
"Yo, nigga, it's all good."
You know what I'm saying?
More so now
You toned it down
For whatever...
Yeah, the evil
The bad side of...
Yeah. "There's heaven
And then there's hell, niggas
One day you're cruisin'
In the 7
The next day
Your alibis ain't matchin' up
Bullshit catchin' up
You hit with the rico
They repo that vehicle
Shit was all good just a week ago
About to start snitchin' ain't you?
Ready to start bitchin' ain't you?
I forgive you, I forgive you
Hustlin' just ain't you
Aside from the fast cars
Honeys that shake
They ass in bars
You know you wouldn't be involved
With the underworld dealers
Carriers of mac-millers
East Coast bodiers
West Coast cap peelers
Little monkey niggas
Turned gorillas
These are my rhymes, "B"!
This is my first albumYou might also likeEmbed
Welcome
To the future, uhh (Blueprint, 3, ay-ay, oh, hey-hey)
Hey, count me in (Blue-print, 3, ay, hey, hey-hey)
Find me a nice soft place to land (I got you Hov', ay ay-ay)
I'm so high (Yeah, hey hey, hey, hey, c'mon)
Find me a place to land
(Fricky-fricky uhh, ahhhhh, c'mon now, c'mon now)
Yeah, right there, yeah (Fricky-fricky Hov')

I'm so tomorrow the Audemar says yesterday
Which means you on time delay
So even if I slow it dowwwwwn
My sound is fast forward, hold up
I'm just a runway show
But I wear that so my plane, these my runway clothes
Hehe, Cashmere sweats
They come out next year but these my last year sweats
And my ho's so sick
Your new chick can't fuck with my old bitch
And you know this shit
I'm professional, they novices
I just may let you borrow this
This the Blueprint, nigga follow this
This what what tomorrow is
Welcome to tomorrow BIIIIIIIIIII
You might also like
Whatever you about to discover we off that (Hey)
You about to tell her you love her we off that (Hey, hey)
Always wanna fight in the club and we off that (Hey, hey)
But you can't bring the future back, back (Hey, hey)
Y'all are steady chasin the fame and we off that (Hey, hey)
Oversized clothes and chains we off that (Hey, hey)
Niggas still making it rain and we off that (Hey, hey)
'Cause you can't bring the future back, back (Hey)
Tell them haters get off me, the Cris' we off that (Hey, hey)
Timbs we off that, rims we off that (Hey, hey)
Yeah we off that, is you still on that? (Hey, hey)
And we still makin money 'cause we still on that (Hey, err)

This ain't black vs. white, my nigga we off that
Please tell Bill O'Reilly to fall back
Tell Rush Limbaugh to get off my balls
It's 2010, not 1864
Uhh, yeah we come so far
So I drive around town, hard top and it's off
Uhh, in my TriBeCa loft
With my high brow art, and my high yellow broad
Uhh, and my dark-skinned sis
And my best white mate, say what's up to Chris
Uhh, how's that for a mix?
Got a black president, got green presidents
"Blueprint's" in my white iPod
Black diamonds in my Jesus piece, my God
Uhh, we ain't tripping off that
This a Benetton ad, nigga been up off that, uhh
Whatever you about to discover we off that (Hey)
You about to tell her you love her we off that (Hey, hey)
Always wanna fight in the club and we off that (Hey, hey)
But you can't bring the future back, back (Hey, hey)
Y'all are steady chasin the fame and we off that (Hey, hey)
Oversized clothes and chains we off that (Hey, hey)
Niggas still making it rain and we off that (Hey, hey)
'Cause you can't bring the future back, back (Hey)
Tell them haters get off me, the Cris' we off that (Hey, hey)
Timbs we off that, rims we off that (Hey, hey)
Yeah we off that, is you still on that? (Hey, hey/Uhh, uhh)
And we still makin money 'cause we still on that (Hey, err/Uhh)

I don't give a fidduck abiddout the widdate
You used to move, what you used to do
And I don't give a fidduck abiddout the bitches
That you used to screw, what your future do
And we don't really care what you used to say
Unless that affects your future pay
I'm on a practice field runnin' Two-A-Days
So I don't drop the ball when it's threw my way
So I don't give a fidduck abiddout the shit
That you probably did, who you probably is
The only time I deal in past tense
'Cause I'm past rims, and I'm past tints
If you drivin' it, I drove it
You got it, 'cause I sold it
You copped it, I bought it back
And we don't give a fidduck, nigga we off that
Whatever you about to discover we off that (Hey)
You about to tell her you love her we off that (Hey, hey)
Always wanna fight in the club and we off that (Hey, hey)
But you can't bring the future back, back (Hey, hey)
Y'all are steady chasin the fame and we off that (Hey, hey)
Oversized clothes and chains we off that (Hey, hey)
Niggas still making it rain and we off that (Hey, hey)
'Cause you can't bring the future back, back (Hey)
Tell them haters get off me, the Cris' we off that (Hey, hey)
Timbs we off that, rims we off that (Hey, hey)
Yeah we off that, is you still on that? (Hey, hey)
And we still makin money 'cause we still on that (Hey, err)

Hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey, err11Embed
A man I worked for had one of the biggest in New York
He didn't own his own company, a White man owned it, so they owned him
Nobody owns me though
Your gangster is not defined (Your gangster is not defined)
Your gangster is not defined by how low your jeans fall by your waist
But more how your genes stand up to their expectations
"Never forgetting where we came from"
Your gangster, your gangster
Your gangster is not defined by how many rocks are in your watch
But rather how many rocks you move while owning watch
Gangsters, hustlers, republicans and democrats, pimps and hoes
Conservatives, labour
The seller, the buyer, the product, the producer
"See you are what you are in this world"
The gangster is absorbed and adored by those that don't understand the laws that govern the gangsterment
Gangsterment, gangsterment
Gangsterment allows you to make up your own laws
And create brand new words, gangster mentality
Gangster mentality, an American way created by the white
Mastered by the black, and absorbed by the fiends
Taxed by the governmentality, governmentality (Governmentality)
Charted by Forbes, if you believe in JAY-Z
Then you too can be a gangster (Then you too can be a gangster)
By any means necessary, by owning that dream
I mean it's a long walk to freedom
But, while deep, deep, deep inside the bush
The war on terror screams, damn it feels good
Damn it feels good to be a gangster, haha
To be a gangster, swagger is not a must, it's a liability
A cliché, a bad suit, cut the bullshit (Cut the bullshit)
You know if it wasn't for this, there would be no that
Which we call, the American GangsterYou might also likeEmbed
Deliver me from my enemies, oh God
Defend me from all that rise up against me
Deliver me from the work of iniquity
And save me from the Bloody Men

Look: Mind state of a gangster from the 40s
Meets the business mind of Motown's Berry Gordy
Turned crack rock into a chain of 40/40's
Sorry, my jewelry's so gaudy
Slid into the party with my new pair of Mauris
America, meet the gangster, Shawn Corey
"Hey, Young World," wanna hear a story?
Close your eyes, and you can pretend you're mе
I'm cut from the cloth of the Kennеdys
Frank Sinatra having dinner with the Genovese
This is the genesis of a nemesis
Mother America's not witnessed since
The Harlem Renaissance birthed Black businesses
This is the tale of lost innocence
As the incense burn
And the turntables turn and that Al Green plays
I see my mother's afro
As Mama taps her toes, as she rolls her J's
And my papa just left the house
In search of the killer of my Uncle Ray
And she's trying to calm her nerves
As I observe, this is just one day
And what tomorrow has in store, we can never be sure
So all we can do is pray
You might also like
Because of your strength
While I walked upon thee
For God is my defense
Pray for me!

As I head to my homeroom
I observe the ruins, dope needles on the ground
I hear a car go, "Vroom"
Drug dealer in the BM with the top down
As the girls start to giggle
I ask, "Why you laugh?" They say, "You're too little"
"One day, you'll understand when you become a man
About things you have to get you"
Fast-forward, freeze-frame on my pistol
Fistful of dollars, ignorance is so blissful
I didn't choose this life, this life chose me
Around here, it's the shit that you just do
I just left school
The same BM is pulled over by the boys dressed blue
They had their guns drawn, screaming, "Just move!" ("Don't move!")
"Or is there something else you suggest we can do?"
He made his way to the trunk, opened it like, "Huh?"
A treasure chest was removed
Cops said he'll be back next month
What we call corrupt, he calls paying dues
Now, when the rules is blurred—
As they is and were—what am I to do?
But pray? Pray the Lord forgive me
Pray He guides me by for what I'm 'bout to go through
Pray
Deliver me in thy righteousness
And cause me to escape
And climb thine air unto me
Save me thine Lord (pray for me!)

Geah... Anywhere there's oppression
The drug profession flourishes like beverages, refreshing
Ahh! Sweet taste of sin
Everything I seen made me everything I am
Bad drug dealer or victim, I beg
What came first? Moving chickens or the egg?
This is why I be so fresh
I'm tryna beat life 'cause I can't cheat death
Treat shame with shamelessness
Aim stainlesses at anuses
You know the game this is?
Move coke like Pepsi, don't matter what the brand name is
I stand behind mine
Everything I do, I'm a man behind mine
I'm not an angel, I'm sure
But every night before I lay, I drop my knees to the floor
And I pray

The name shall endure forever
The name shall be continued as long as the sun
Pray for me!
Men shall be blessed in Him
All nations shall call Him blessed
In Your name, I pray
Pray for me!
Lord bless usEmbed
Uhh, uhh!
This is the shit you dream about with the homies steaming out
Back-to-back, backing them Bimmers out
Seems as our plans to get a grant
Then go off to college, didn't pan or even out
We need it now, we need a town
We need a place to pitch, we need a mound
For now, I’m just a lazy boy
Day dreaming in my La-Z-Boy
In the clouds of smoke, been playing this Marvin
Mama forgive me, should be thinking about Harvard
But that's too far away, niggas are starving
Nothing wrong with my aim, just gotta change the target
I got dreams of bagging snidd-ow, the size of pillows
I see pies every time my eyes clidd-ose
I see rides, sixes, I gotta get those
Life's a bitch, I hope to not make her a widow

(American dreamin’)
(I'm just American dreamin')
(American dreamin')

Uh, uhhhh!
Now see the life's right there, and it seems right there
It's not quite near, and it's not like we're
Professionals, moving the decimals
Know where to cop? Nah! Got a connect? No!
Who in the F knows how to be successful
Need a Personal Jesus, I’m in Depeche Mode
They say its celestial, it’s all in the stars
Like Tony La Russa on how you play your Cards
'Cause y’all ain't fucking with me! The ironies are
At all costs better avoid these bars
Now let's start, on your mark
Get set, let's go, get out the car
Going in circles it’s a vicious cycle
This is a crash course, this ain't high school
Wake up Muttley, you're dreaming again
Your own reality show, the season begins
You might also like
(American dreamin')
(I'm just American dreamin')
(American dreamin')

Step one in this process: scramble up in your projects
And head to the heights where big coke is processed
You gotta convince them that you're not from the precinct
Please speak slow 'cause he no speaky no English
If he takes a liking after a couple of trips
And your money is straight, he's going to give you consignment
You're now in a game where only time can tell
Survive the droughts, I wish you well - hold up
Survive the droughts? I wish you well?
How sick am I? I wish you health
I wish you wheels, I wish you wealth
I wish you insight so you could see for yourself
You could see the signs when the jackers is scheming
And the cops is coming, you could read they mind
You could see from behind, you could redefine
The game as we know it, one dream at a time
I'm, American dreamin'

(American dreamin')
(I'm just American dreamin')
(American dreamin')
American dreamin'Embed
Hello, Brooklyn (Uh-huh), how you doing? (Yeah)
Where you going? Can I come too? (Uh-huh)
And If I can (Woo!), I'ma be your man
You could be my lady, and have my baby
And drive my cars (Cars), and drive me crazy (So crazy)
Wherever you going (Where you going?), baby girl, just take me (Uh-huh)
'Cause I'm so taken, if you taken (I'm so taken)
I'm just saying (Woo!), baby, I'm just saying

Like a mama, you birth me; Brooklyn, you nursed me
Schooled me with hard knocks, better than Berkeley
They said you'd murk me by the time I was 21
That shit disturbed me, but you never hurt me
Hеllo, Brooklyn, if we had a daughter
Guess what I'ma call hеr? Brooklyn Carter
When I left you for Virginia, it didn't offend you
'Cause you know I only stepped out to get dinner
And I'm eating, so much, I bought extra
So much so that dinner's now turned into breakfast
I only roll Lexus to hug your road
I love your corners, I'm half your soul

Hello, Brooklyn, how you doing?
Where you going? Can I come too?
And If I can, I'ma be your man
You could be my lady and have my baby
And drive my cars, and drive me crazy
Wherever you going, baby girl, just take me
'Cause I'm so taken if you taken
I'm just saying, baby, I'm just saying
You might also like
Hello, Brooklyn, what's your story?
She said she eating on the run, but she ain't Nore'
She said she got a man but he ain't worried
But baby, I'ma have to rob him like Horry
She said she love B.I.G., and she like 2Pac
And when I said Jay-Z, she say, "It's the Roc!"
And I'ma leave it like this—like this, like that
Where Brooklyn at? Where Brooklyn at?
Have you seen her?
And when she tell you something, you better believe her
She told me she like my New Orleans demeanor
And so, I said, "Goodbye, Katrina"

And "Hello, Brooklyn!" Buh-baby, you are
The sweetest sight eyes could see
I said, "Hello, Brooklyn!" Buh-baby
I hope you never say goodbye to me
I said, "Hello, Brooklyn!" Buh-buh-baby, you are (Woo!)
So damn fine to me
And I remember the time (Time), place (Place)
And the weather (And, woo!)
On the day you said, "Hi," to me
And I say, "Hello, Brooklyn!"
Brooklyn, you crazy; look how you made me
Razor blades in my mouth, walking 'round, behaving—
All demented; black hoodies and Timberland-ed
Always scheming—"You see the gleam on that nigga's pendant?"
(Hello, Brooklyn) You bad influence, look what you had me doing
But I ain't mad at you (Haha), look at my attitude
It says my life's too real, check out my ice grill
Baby, I'm cold as ice, like I'm from Brownsville
But my Bed's in the Stuy, though I'll lie flat in your bush
'Til we smoke a C.I., "What up" to the boy, B.I.?
You know I handle B-I, I don't half-step on the 'caine
Ask the dreads 'bout I, how you gwaan 'so?
She like it hardcore, so I grind slow
Iller than Albee Square Mall back in the 9-0
My fine ho, we got some victims to catch
So in a couple years, baby, I'ma bring you some Nets (Woo!)

Hello, Brooklyn, how you doing? (Yeah)
Where you going? Can I come too?
And If I can, I'ma be your man
You could be my lady, and have my baby
And drive my cars (Errr!), and drive me crazy (Errr!)
Wherever you goin' baby girl, just take me
'Cause I'm so taken if you taken
I'm just saying, baby, I'm just saying (Yeah)
And hello, Brooklyn, buh-buh-baby, you are
The sweetest thing eyes could see
Hello, Brooklyn
Baby, I hope you never say goodbye to me
I said, "Hello, Brooklyn," buh-baby you are
So damn fine to me
But I remember the time, place, and the weather
On the day she said hi to me
And I said, "Hello, Brooklyn"Embed
Poor me, dad was gone, finally got my dad back
Liver bad, he wouldn't live long, that snatched my dad back
Guidance? I never had that, streets was my second home
Welcomed me with open arms provided a place to crash at
A place to study math at, matter of fact, I learned it all
Burnt it all, this music is where I bury the ashes at
Flash back, not having much, not having that
Had to get some challah bread so you can holla back and
Holla at my Jewish lawyer to enjoy the fruit of letting my cash stack
And just in case a nigga gotta use his rat-tat-tat-tat-tat
Own boss, own your masters, slaves
The mentality I carry with me to this very day
Fuck rich, let's get wealthy, who else gon' feed we?
If I need it, I'ma get it however, God help me

And I don't need no hook for this shit

I'm so fa sho', it's no façade
"Stay outta trouble," Mama said as Mama sighed
Her fear, her youngest son be a victim of homicide
But I gotta get you outta here momma, or I'ma die
Inside
And either way, you lose me, Mama, so let loose of me
I got the rein, our direction will soon change
To live and die in N.Y. in the hustle game
Hustle 'caine, hustle clothes, or hustle music
But hustle hard in any hustle that you pick
Skinny nigga, toothpick, but, but I do lift
Weight like I'm using 'roids
Rolls-Royce, keep my movements smooth while maneuvering
Through all the manure in the sewer that I grew up in
Choices we make trying to escape this shit
You might also like
And I don't need no hook for this shit

This is not for commercial usage
Please don't categorize this as music
Please don't compare me to other rappers
Compare me to trappers, I'm more Frank Lucas than Ludacris
And Luda's my dude, I ain't tryna diss
Like, Frank Lucas is cool, but I ain't trying to snitch
I'ma follow the rules no matter how much time I'ma get
I'ma live and die with the decisions that I'ma pick
So fuck DeHaven for caving, that's why we don't speak
Made men ain't supposed to make statements
End of the story, I followed the code, cracked the safe
Other niggas ain't in the game, so they practice hate
Leave that boy Hov' alone, why don't cha?
You don't have to if you don't want to, but don't say I didn't warn you

Oh... And I don't need no hook for this shitEmbed
And the winner is Hov...
My man!
Speech!

First of all, I wanna thank my connect
The most important person, with all due respect
Thanks to the duffle bag, the brown paper bag
The Nike shoe box for holding all this cash (Okay!)
Boys in blue who put greed before the badge (Okay!)
The first pusher who ever made the stash (Okay!)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight (Hey!)
Oh, what a feeling, I'm feeling life (Hey!)
Thanks to the lames, niggas with bad aim
Thanks to a little change, I tore you out the game
Bullet wounds will stop your buffoonery
Thanks to the pastor, rapping at your eulogy
To Lil' Kim and them, you know the women-friend who
Carry the work cross state for a gentlemen
Yeah, thanks to all the hustlers
And most importantly you: the customer

The Roc Boys in the building tonight (Hey!)
Oh what a feeling, I'm feeling life (Hey!)
You don't even gotta bring your paper out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou-, hou-)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight
Look at how I'm chilling, I'm killing this ice
You don't even gotta bring ya purses out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou-, hou-)
(We in the house, hou-, hou-, HEY)
You might also like
Let ya hair down baby, I just hit a score
Pick any place on the planet, pick a shore
Take what the Forbes figured, then figure more
'Cause they forgot to account what I did with the raw
Pick a time, let's pick apart some stores
Pick a weekend for freaking for figure fours
I figure frauds never hit a lick before
So they don't know the feeling when them things get across
Put ya hand out the window, feel the force
Feel the Porsche, hit defrost
Ice-cold, jewels got no flaws
Drop got no top, you on the top floor
Pink Rosé, think OJ
I get away with murder when I sling yay
Her-on got less steps than Britney
That means it ain't stepped on, dig me?

The Roc Boys in the building tonight (Hey!)
Oh what a feeling, I'm feeling life (Hey!)
You don't even gotta bring your paper out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou-, hou-)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight
Look at how I'm chilling, I'm killing this ice
You don't even gotta bring ya purses out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou-, hou-)
(We in the house, hou-, hou-, HEY)
Rare Porsches, rare portraits
Rare guns if you dare come near the fortress
This apple sauce is from the apple orchard
This kinda talk is only reserved for the bosses
Which means I get it from the ground
Which means you get it when I'm around
Rich niggas, black Bar Mitzvahs
Mazel tov, it's a celebration bitches!
"L'chaim!"
I wish for you a hundred years of success but it's my time
Cheers, toast to crime
Number one D-boy, shame he could rhyme

The Roc Boys in the building tonight (Hey!)
Oh what a feeling, I'm feeling life (Hey!)
You don't even gotta bring your paper out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou-, hou-)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight
Look at how I'm chilling, I'm killing this ice
You don't even gotta bring ya purses out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou-, hou-)
(We in the house, hou-, hou-, HEY)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight (Hey!)
Oh what a feeling, I'm feeling life (Hey!)
You don't even gotta bring your paper out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou-, hou-)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight
Look at how I'm chilling, I'm killing this ice
You don't even gotta bring ya purses out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou-, hou-)
(We in the house, hou-, hou-, HEY)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight (Hey!)
Oh what a feeling, I'm feeling life (Hey!)
You don't even gotta bring your paper out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou-, hou-)
The Roc Boys in the building tonight
Look at how I'm chilling, I'm killing this ice
You don't even gotta bring ya purses out
We the dope boys of the year, drinks is on the house
(We in the house, hou-, hou-)
(We in the house, hou-, hou-, HEY)
Sweet!
Let that ride out!
Bring the horns back in, yeah
This is black superhero music right here, baby
American Gangster
Taking flight, coming to a town near you
Soon as I touch down, I just want y'all to start playing the horns like...
Hovi's home!
Lukey, baby!
Hahahahaha... oww!Embed
Sweeeet... and still there's pain (pain, pain, pain...)
If I would have grew up to be a doctor
My nephews would have grew up to do the same (same, same...)
But since I grew up through the game
And my influence is the same
And my therapy is music
They ask if you ashamed (ashamed...)
And though I wish I could separate the two things
I cannot so my answer to you remains
I can walk down the Hall of Mirrors in Versailles
And be so satisfied when I look myself in the eyes
No shame, no sir
Just big boats and tearing thе coast up
Tight coupes like I'm wearing thе roadster
For any coupe, bear-hugging the holster

Hov', alright al-right
And it may not be what you call perfect, but
But it's my life (uh)
The life (uh-uh), the life (uh-uh), the life
Once again it's the life

So I make no apologies, crooked policies
So a G a nigga gotta be
We playing for property, no Monopoly
So I'll pass go and let my nephew follow me
They say the child shall lead
So I take it far as I can and then we shall see
Shall we dance with the devil for a beat
I pray to God I ain't got two left feet
Do the hustle put keys in the street
Then I'm ballroom dancing
Ke-ke'in in the suite
Sweet, BB's on the feet
TV's in the seat, ene-mies on the creep
It's so corrupt
Soak it up, it's a lesson, every fuck up
One day you're up
Next day you're down
Long as you stay the same it'll come back around
You might also like
Hov', alright al-right
And it may not be what you call perfect, but
But it's my life (uh)
The life (uh-uh), the life (uh-uh), the life
Once again it's the life

I'm even better
I'm eating better
Best thing about it is
My niggas eating together
With each endeavor, we reaching levels
Niggas ain't seen in like forever
I'm Hyman Roth, so made all my partners rich
I can't vouch for you
If you ain't a part of this
So pardon me as I pave my wrist, uh
As I parlay my chips
Hov', alright al-right
American gangster, gangster
Businesses like I'm white
But I'm not, I'm just bright
So fly with no fear of the flight, uhh
So if y'all hear my plight
And if you think you can make it this far without a fight
Couple mistakes here and there
Not always right, but I'm always real
That's how I sleep at night
Hov', alright al-right
And it may not be what you call perfect, but
But it's my life (uh)
The life (uh-uh), the life (uh-uh), the life
Once again it's the life

Sweeeet...Embed
(HOV'!)
And I know, and I know
And I know, and I know
(Uhh, I know what you like)
And I know, and I know
And I know, and I know
(I know what you love)
Everything you like
Everything you love
(Baby you like ....HOV'!)
Everything you like
(Baby you love ....HOV'!)
Everything you love
(Baby you love, hehehe, uhh)
And I know, and I know
And I know, and I know
And I know, and I know
And I know, and I know
(Baby you like ....HOV'!)
Everything you like
(Baby you love ....HOV'!)
Everything you love
(Baby you love ....HOV'!)
Everything you like
(Baby you like ....HOV'!)
Everything you love, DAMN!
(Baby you love ....HOV'!)
You might also like
Uhh
She wants that old thing back
Uh, uh, uh
She want those heroin tracks
She likes me
She fiends for me nightly
She leans for me
Morning, she rush for my touch
This is about lust
Cold sweats occur when I'm not with her
My presence is a must- must- must-
Bonita Applebum, I gotta put you on
If I didn't when we cutting, the feeling'll be too strong
In any form, I'm giving you sweet dreams
That Sugar Hill, she call me her sweet thing
That Black Rain will take away your pain
Just for one night, baby, take me in vein
Now that feelin' got you tripping
You don't wanna feel no different
This here lust has got you itching
Nose wide open and it's dripping (eh, eh, eh, eh)
I know what you like, I am your prescription
I'm your physician, I'm your addiction

(HOV'!)
And I know, and I know
And I know, and I know
(Uhh, I know what you like)
And I know, and I know
And I know, and I know
(I know what you love)
Everything you like
Everything you love
(Baby you like ....HOV'!)
Everything you like
(Baby you love ....HOV'!)
Everything you love
(Baby you love, hehehe, uhh)
And I know, and I know
And I know, and I know
And I know, and I know
And I know, and I know
(Baby you like ....HOV'!)
Everything you like
(Baby you love ....HOV'!)
Everything you love
(Baby you love ....HOV'!)
Everything you like
(Baby you like ....HOV'!)
Everything you love, DAMN!
(Baby you love ....HOV'!)
I am so dope (uhh)
Like Louboutins with the red bottoms
You gotta have 'em, you glad you got 'em
Like every color Giuseppe's, your guilty pleasure is me
It's so much fun, you shun therapy
Although it never be, the feeling is fleeting
Shopping's like copping, you constantly need it
I'm never around, you constantly seek it
You'll never be down, I know where your peak is
9 1/2 weeks is better than 12-steps
I keep trying to remind you to keep telling yourself
Now your conscience is interfering, like "Better yourself!"
Like you better get help
But when that medicine's felt
We're back together, don't ever leave me
Don't ever let 'em tell you that you'll never need me
My China White, 'til we D.O.A
Its Montega forever, baby, lets get away...

(HOV'!)
And I know, and I know
And I know, and I know
(Uhh, I know what you like)
And I know, and I know
And I know, and I know
(I know what you love)
Everything you like
Everything you love
(Baby you like ....HOV'!)
Everything you like
(Baby you love ....HOV'!)
Everything you love
(Baby you love, hehehe, uhh)
And I know, and I know
And I know, and I know
And I know, and I know
And I know, and I know
(Baby you like ....HOV'!)
Everything you like
(Baby you love ....HOV'!)
Everything you love
(Baby you love ....HOV'!)
Everything you like
(Baby you like ....HOV'!)
Everything you love, DAMN!
(Baby you love ....HOV'!)
How could you leave me?
I thought that you needed me!
When the world got too much and you pleaded with me
Who helped you immediately? How speedy of me!
How could you deny me so vehemently?
Now your body is shaking, trying to free it of me
And your soul is in control, trying to lead it from me
And your heart no longer pledge allegiance to me
Damn, I'm missing the days when you needed the D!

(HOV'!)
And I know, and I know
And I know, and I know
(Uhh, I know what you like)
And I know, and I know
And I know, and I know
(I know what you love)
Everything you like
Everything you love
(Baby you like ....HOV'!)
Everything you like
(Baby you love ....HOV'!)
Everything you love
(Baby you love, hehehe, uhh)
And I know, and I know
And I know, and I know
And I know, and I know
And I know, and I know
(Baby you like ....HOV'!)
Everything you like
(Baby you love ....HOV'!)
Everything you love
(Baby you love ....HOV'!)
Everything you like
(Baby you like ....HOV'!)
Everything you love, DAMN!
(Baby you love ....HOV'!)Embed
Break out the red lights, welcome to the party life
Welcome to the 70's... sweeeet!

Ordered some Patreezy, while talking to this breezy
Brushing off my three-piece, I make this look too easy
So tall and lanky, my suit, it should thank me
I make it look good to be this hood, Meyer Lansky
Mixed with Lucky Lefty, gangster effortlessly
Papa was a rolling stone, it's in my an-ces-try
I'm in a whole 'nother league, niggas never catch me
And I sport fly shit, I should win the ESPY

Hahahah... Baby I said 'I-I sport, fly shit
I should win the ESPY'
I'm really in another leaguе, babe
I got a slick mouth, you might wanna roll with me

I'm on the bra strap, shе's on my dick
Ain't nothing wrong with that, that's my biiitch!
I be the boss of that, I'm on her shit
So all you niggas fall back, I'll split ya wiiig
She's my little quarterback, ya dig
'Cause I'm all that in the sack, yeah, ya dig
I spoiled her, foiled it if you faking Jack
She's used to million dollar vacations
Fuck y'all gon' do with that?
You might also like
Ay baby, see
When you're used to filet mignon
It's kinda hard to go back to Hamburger Helper
It's your choice though baby
Head into the party life

(Is you rolling, rolling, rolling?)
Yeah, baby, is you rolling?
Head into the party life
You can stall out or ball out
(Is you rolling, rolling, rolling?)
Make a choice
(​​​​​​​​Heading-heading to the party life)
It's so gangster, baby

Sipping on my vino got me cooler than Pacino
And De Niro put together my real life is like Casino
They should pay me for some B-roll
Taking G-strolls through the ghee-tto
When rap-pap-pap-pid fire's just a necessary evil
Hola Ho-vi-to, cooler than ze-ro
Be-low, fresh one blade, no chemo
Art with no easel, please it's no equal
Your boy's Off the Wall these other niggas is Tito
Damn! Ay baby I said I'm
I'm "Off the Wall" I'm like a young Michael Jackson
These other niggas is Tito
Shout out to Randy, hehehehe
Real talk !

I'ma just let this ride out
I might let it ride out for like seven minutes
You can groove to it, whatever
Get your two step - AOWWW!
Guru, turn the lights down
Let's keep it smooth
This that shit you roll up, like a lil' tight J to
Sip your lil' wine, whatever your vice is y'know
Whatever you like to do
Get into your comfort zone baby, get into yo' comfort zone

Head into the party life
I don't even want it to stop though, f'real though

Step into my bedroom, I, call it the red room
'Cau-cause it gets hot hot hot hot...
I trust you gon' like it ; see, why are we talking all this fly shit?
'Cau-cau-cau-cau-cau-cause I'm the flyest
Hovito, baby, no equal, baby
Sold perico, beat the RICO, now I'm leg-al ba-by
Hovito, baby, no equal, baby
Sold perico, beat the RICO, now can we go crazyEmbed
Ugh, ugh, yessir!
Just the sound of his voice is a hit
Hehe
Y'all niggas got me really confused out there
I make "Big Pimpin'" or"Give It 2 Me," one of those, y'all hail me as the greatest writer of the 21st century
I make some thought-provoking shit, y'all question whether he fallin' off
I'ma really confuse y'all on this one
Follow!

When them tops come down, chicks' tops come down
Like when them shots come out, make cops come around
When them blocks come out, I can wake up a small town
Finish off the block, then I make my mall rounds
Stares get exchanged, then the fifth come out
The tough guy disappear, then the bitch come out
"That's him!"—I'm usually what they whisper 'bout
Either what chick he with, or his chip amount
'Cause I been doing this since CHiPs was out
Watchin' Erik Estrada baggin' up at the Ramada
Table full of powder, A/C broke
'Bout to take another shower, on my 25th Hour
Spike Lees everywhere, game or the fight
You might see me anywhere, a day in the life
Only thing changed the tail number on the flight
I can touch down and take off the same night
I'm so bossy, bitch, get off me
Trick, get off me, you can't get shit off me
I'm so flossy, no sixes on Sprees
Laid-back, Maybachs, don't even talk to me
You might also like
This is that ignorant shit you like
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick, plus ice, c'mon
I got that ignorant shit you love
Nigga, fuck, shit, maricón, puta, and drugs, c'mon
I got that ignorant shit you need
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick, plus weed, c'mon
I'm only tryna give you what you want
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, you like it—don't front!

They're all actors
Lookin' at themselves in the mirror backwards
Can't even face themselves
Don't fear no rappers
They're all weirdos, De Niros in practice
So don't believe everything your earlobe captures
It's mostly backwards
Unless it happens to be as accurate as me
And everything said in song, you happen to see
Then, actually, believe half of what you see
None of what you hear, even if it's spat by me
And with that said, I will kill niggas dead
Cut niggas short, give you wheels for legs
I'm a K-I-double-L-E-R, see y'all in Hell
Shoot niggas straight through the ER, whoa!
This ain't B.R., no
It's S.C., CEO, the next Lyor
No, the next leader of the whole free world
And the first thing I'ma do is free Sigel—go!
Ugh, take off the cuffs, unlock the gate
It's that ignorant nigga that you love to hate
The '07 Ice Cube, B. Sig' so rude
Tell a trick, get these nuts, eat dick like food
Now see if I care if this verse get aired
Even if you mute it, the curse is there, yeah
I'm so raunchy, bitch, get off me
Keep my flea collar on, you lil' ticks get off me

I missed the part when it stopped being 'bout Imus
What do my lyrics got to do with this shit?
Scarface the movie did more than Scarface the rapper to me
Still that ain't to blame for all the shit that's happened to me
Are you saying what I'm spitting is worse than these celebretantes showin' they kitten? You kidding?
Let's stop the bullshittin'
'Til we all without sin, let's quit the pulpittin'
Scarface the movie did more than Scarface the rapper to me
Still that ain't to blame for all the shit that's happened to me
Let's stop the bullshittin'
'Til we all without sin, let's quit the pulpittin', c'mon

This is that ignorant shit you like
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick, plus ice, c'mon
I got that ignorant shit you love
Nigga, fuck, shit, maricón, puta, and drugs, c'mon
I got that ignorant shit you need
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, trick, plus weed, c'mon
I'm only tryna give you what you want
Nigga, fuck, shit, ass, bitch, you like it—don't front!
It's only entertainment! HeheheEmbed
Uhh, uhh, uhh
Uhh...
It's that Roc-A-Fella music, soulful

Say hello, to the bad guy (hello) they say I'm a bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (say hello)
They say I'm a menace (hello) that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (say hello)
They say I'm a bad guy (hello) say hi to the bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (say hello)
They say I'm a menace (hello) that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (say hello)
Ay (say hello) ay, ay, ay
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't

I ain't playing, life's short so I aim
I ain't waiting for life start betraying 'em
It's twice as hard to get a job that's paying 'em
So I ain't paying attention to what you're saying
Raindrops keep falling on my brain
'Cause I'm in the drop on flames
I'm so hot even if the weather change
I don't have no top, I'm insane
'Member dark-skinned Jermaine
Suede in the rain, I'm sorta kinda the same
'Cept I'm no lame and you gonna know my name
Before I go the world gon' feel my pain
They saying I'm a bad guy, why's that?
'Cause when my back's against the wall, nigga I react
Secretly though, I know you admire that
You wish you had the balls to fire back, brrrap!
Say hello, uhh uh, hello, uhh uh
You wish you had the balls to fire back, brrap!
You might also like
Say hello, to the bad guy (hello) they say I'm a bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (say hello)
They say I'm a menace (hello) that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (say hello)
They say I'm a bad guy (hello) say hi to the bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (say hello)
They say I'm a menace (hello) that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (say hello)
Ay (say hello) ay, ay, ay
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't

I ain't no ordinary nigga
Look around, this ain't what ordinary gets ya (IT AIN'T!)
Extraordinary figures (damn)
I'm an extraordinary nigga
Before my name became Jigga
Before I sang I had that thang on slippers
Can't complain 'bout what they ain't gon' give ya
That ain't gon' get ya shit, might as well give up
Or get up, get out and get something nigga
Get a job my nigga, or get to dumping
Only God can judge him, only he without sin
Tell me if my means, justify my ends
'Til then, I'm just gon' fly in the Benz
Wire my friends through Western Union
Shhhhh, supplies in
My system knocking, here comes the bad guy again
Say hello, uhh uh, hello, uhh uh
Hello, uhh here comes the bad guy again
Say hello, to the bad guy (hello) they say I'm a bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (say hello)
They say I'm a menace (hello) that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (say hello)
They say I'm a bad guy (hello) say hi to the bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (say hello)
They say I'm a menace (hello) that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (say hello)
Ay (say hello) ay, ay, ay

... let me tell you what I ain't
We ain't thugs for the sake of just being thugs
Nobody do that where we grew at, nigga duh
The poverty line we not above
So out comes the mask and gloves 'cause we ain't feeling the love
We ain't doin crime for the sake of doing crimes
We movin dimes 'cause we ain't doing fine
One out of three of us is locked up doing time
You know what this type of shit can do to a nigga mind
My mind on my money, money on my mind
If you owe me ten dollars you ain't giving me nine
Y'all ain't give me forty acres and a mule
So I got my Glock 40 now I'm cool
And if Al Sharpton is speaking for me
Somebody give him the word and tell him I don't approve
Tell him I remove the curses
If you tell me our schools gon' be perfect
When Jena Six don't exist
Tell him that's when I'll stop saying bitch, BEEEITCH!
Say hello, to the bad guy (hello) they say I'm a bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (say hello)
They say I'm a menace (hello) that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (say hello)
They say I'm a bad guy (hello) say hi to the bad guy
I come from the bottom, but now I'm mad fly (say hello)
They say I'm a menace (hello) that's the picture they paint
They say a lot about me, let me tell you what I ain't (say hello)
Ay (say hello) ay, ay, ayEmbed
I got these niggas, Breezy, don't worry about it
Let that bitch breathe!

I used to give a fuck, now I give a fuck less
What do I think of success? It sucks, too much stress
I guess I blew up quick
'Cause friends I grew up with
See me as a premie, but I'm not, and my nuts big
I don't know what the fuss is, my career is illustrious
My rep is impeccable; I'm not to be fucked with, with
Shit, let that bitch breathe!
I'm way too important to be talking about extorting
Asking me for a portion's like asking for a coffin
Broad daylight I'll off your on-switch
You're not too bright, goodnight, long kiss
Bye bye, my reply... "BLAH, BLAH"
Blast burner, then pass burner to Ty-Ty
Finish my breakfast, why?
I got an appetite for destruction and you're a small fry
Now where was I?

Let that bitch breathe!
You might also like
I used to give a shit, now I don't give a shit more
Truth be told I had more fun when I was piss-poor
I'm pissed off, and this what success is all about?
A bunch of niggas acting like bitches with big mouths
All this stress, all I got is this big house
Couple of cars, I don't bring half of them shits out
All of this Ace of Spade I drink just to piss out
I mean, I like the taste, could've saved myself 6 hours
How many times can I go to Mr. Chow's, Tao's, Nobu?
Hold up, let me move my bowels
I'll shit on y'all niggas, OG, tell these boys
(Y'all ain't got shit on my nigga, aoww!)
I got watches I ain't seen in months
Apartment at the Trump I only slept in once
Niggas said Hova was over, such dummies
Even if I fell I'll land on a bunch of money
Y'all ain't got nothing for me

Nas, let that bitch breathe!

Success, McLaren, women staring
My villain appearance
Sacred blood of a king and my vein ain't spilling
Ghetto Othello, Sugar Hill Romello
Camaro driven, I climax from paper
Then ask: "Why is life worth living?"
Is it to hunt for the shit that you want?
To receive's great, but I lust giving
The best jewelers wanna make my things
I make Jacob shit on Lorraine just to make me a chain
Niggas mentioned on One Love
Came home to the paper in hand
Ain't gotta brag about the Feds, young man
Old cribs I sold, y'all drive by like monuments
Google Earth Nas; I got flats in other continents
Worst enemies wanna be my best friends
Best friends wanna be enemies like that's what's in
But I don't give a fuck, walk inside the lion's den
Take everybody's chips, 'bout to cash them in
Up your catalog, dog, mine's worth too much
Like Mike Jacks ATV pub, Mottola can't touch
Let this bitch breathe! (Ha heh)
Let this bitch breathe!Embed
I know I should've did that
I know it's gon' come right back
I know it's gon' destroy everything I made
It's probably gon' get ya boy sent away
But this game I play, ain't no way to fix it
It's inevitable that I'm... (fallin')

Uhh, said where I would stop before I even started
When I get to one brick, then the game I would depart with
Got to one brick then I looked to the sky like:
"Sorry, God, I lied, but give me one more try" (try)
Got to two bricks, new cars, new whips
But niggas never learn until they end up in the news clip
The irony of selling drugs is sort of like you using it
Guess it's two sides to what substance abuse is
Can't stop, won't stop, addicted to this new shit
Brand new convertibles, I'm so ruthless
Front row fight night, see how big my tube is
Fuck HD, nigga, see how clear my view is?
But there's a price for overdoing it
Doing it this big'll put you on the map, stick-up kids is out to tax
Plus the FBI boys with the cameras in the back
Damn...
You might also like
I know I should've did that
I know it's gon' come right back
I know it's gon' destroy everything I made
It's probably gon' get ya boy sent away
But this game I play, ain't no way to fix it
It's inevitable (now ya) fallin'

When you should've fell back
Now you (fallin'), right into they lap
Fallin', they applauding, they screaming at the screen
Damn, you fucked up like your favorite movie scene
Godfather, Goodfellas, Scarface, Casino
You seen what that last run did to De Niro in Heat
Can't beat the odds, can't cheat the Gods
Can't blow too hard, life's a deck of cards
Now your tumbling is humbling, you're falling, you're mumbling
Under your breath like you knew this day was coming (fallin')
Now let's pray that arm candy
That you left your ex for stay down and come in handy
'Cause come January it gets cold, when the letters start to slow
And your commissary's low and lawyers screams appeal
Only thinking about a bill and your chances are nil
Damn, gravity's ill...
I know I should've did that
I know it's gon' come right back
I know it's gon' destroy everything I made
It's probably gon' get ya boy sent away
But this game I play, ain't no way to fix it
It's inevitable (but ya) fallin'

And you can't get up
All you do is push-up, pull-up, sit-up
Locked down the town now belongs to the squares
Who said they won't make the same mistake that got you there
And your arm candy sweet on 'em
And the women that you left for this heifer
Got a college degree coming
Bad news keeps coming, hard to keep something on your stomach
You're sick about what your life is becoming (fallin')
But your use-to's, has-beens, ragging bad about all the new dudes
Talking tough on the YouTube 'bout what you used to do
But that's old school to the new crew
They doing numbers like Sudoku
They're the new you, and it's damn near inevitable
They'll experience déja vu too
Fight and you'll never survive
Run and you'll never escape, so just fall from grace
Damn...
I know I should've did that
I know it's gon' come right back
I know it's gon' destroy everything I made
It's probably gon' get ya boy sent away
But this game I play, ain't no way to fix it
It's inevitable that I'm

Fallin', seems like I'm fallin'
Fallin', seems like I'm fallin'
Fallin', seems like I'm fallin'
Fallin', seems like I'm fallin'
Fallin', seems like I'm fallin'
Fallin', seems like I'm fallin'
Fallin', seems like I'm fallin'Embed
Let's dance in style, let's dance for a while
Heaven can wait, we're only watching the skies
Hoping for the best but expecting the worst
Are you gonna drop the bomb or not?
Let us die young or let us live forever
We don't have the power but we never say never
Sitting in a sandpit, life is a short trip
The music's for the sad men

Forever young, I wanna be forever young
Do you really want to live forever, forever, and ever? (Uh)
Forever young (Young), I wanna be forever young (Forever young)
(Ayy, may the best of your todays be the worst of your tomorrows)
Do you really want to live forever, forever? Forever young
(But we ain't even thinkin' that far, ya know what I mean?)

So we living life like a video (Video)
Where the sun is always out and you never get old
And the champagne's always cold and the music's always good
And the pretty girls just happen to stop by in the hood
And they hop they pretty ass up on the hood of that pretty ass car
Without a wrinkle in today 'cause there's no tomorrow
Just a picture-perfect day that last a whole lifetime
And it never ends 'cause all we have to do is hit rewind
So let's just stay in the moment, smoke some weed, drink some wine
Reminisce, talk some shit, forever young is in your mind
Leave a mark they can't erase, neither space nor time
So when the director yells cut, I'll be fine
I'm forever young
You might also like
Forever young, I wanna be forever young
Do you really want to live forever, forever, and ever?
Forever young, I wanna be forever young (Forever young)
Do you really want to live forever, forever? Forever young

Fear not when, fear not why, fear not much while we're alive
Life is for living, not living uptight, 'til you're somewhere up in the sky
Fear not die, I'll be alive for a million years, bye bye's
Are not for legends, I'm forever young, my name shall survive
Through the darkest blocks, over kitchen stoves, over Pyrex pots
My name shall be passed down to generations
While debating up in barbershops
Young slung, hung here, showed that a nigga from here
With a little ambition, just what we can become here (Yeah)
And as the father pass the story down to his son's ears
Young'll get younger every year, yeah
So if you love me, baby, this is how you let me know
Don't ever let me go, that's how you let me know, baby

Forever young, I wanna be forever young
Do you really want to live forever, forever, and ever?
Forever young, I wanna be forever young (Forever young)
Do you really want to live forever, forever? Forever young
(Just let it run)
Slamming Bentley doors, hopping outta Porsches
Popping up on Forbes' list, gorgeous (Hold up)
Niggas thought I lost it, they be talking bullshit
I be talking more shit, they nauseous (Hold up)
I'll be here forever, you know I'm on my fall shit
And I ain't with foreclosure, I will never forfeit
Less than four bars, Guru bring the chorus in
Did you get the picture yet?
I'm painting you a portrait of Young

Forever young, I wanna be forever young (Forever young)
Do you really want to live forever, forever? Forever young50Embed
Hov'!

And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (Uhh, I know what you like)
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (I know what you love)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you like ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you love ....Hov'! Baby you love, hehehe, uhh)
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (Baby you love ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you like ....Hov'! Baby you like ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love, damn (Baby you like ....Hov'!)

Uhh, she wants that old thing back
Uh, uh, uh
She want those heroin tracks
She likes me
She fiends for me nightly
She leans for me
Morning, she rush for my touch
This is about lust
Cold sweats occur when I'm not with her
My presence is a must- must- must-
Bonita Applebum, I gotta put you on
If I didn't when we cutting, the feeling'll be too strong
In any form, I'm giving you sweet dreams
That Sugar Hill, she call me her sweet thing
That Black Rain will take away your pain
Just for one night, baby, take me in vein
Now that feelin' got you tripping
You don't wanna feel no different
This here lust has got you itching
Nose wide open and it's dripping (eh, eh, eh, eh)
I know what you like, I am your prescription
I'm your physician, I'm your addiction
You might also like
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (Uhh, I know what you like)
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (I know what you love)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you like ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you love ....Hov'! Baby you love, hehehe, uhh)
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (Baby you love ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you like ....Hov'! Baby you like ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love, damn (Baby you like ....Hov'!)

I am so dope (uhh)
Like Louboutins with the red bottoms
You gotta have 'em, you glad you got 'em
Like every color Giuseppe's, your guilty pleasure is me
It's so much fun, you shun therapy
Although it never be, the feeling is fleeting
Shopping's like copping, you constantly need it
I'm never around, you constantly seek it
You'll never be down, I know where your peak is
9 1/2 weeks is better than 12-steps
I keep trying to remind you to keep telling yourself
Now your conscience is interfering, like "Better yourself!"
Like you better get help
But when that medicine's felt
We're back together, don't ever leave me
Don't ever let 'em tell you that you'll never need me
My China White, 'til we D.O.A
Its Montega forever, baby, lets get away...
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (Uhh, I know what you like)
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (I know what you love)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you like ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you love ....Hov'! Baby you love, hehehe, uhh)
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (Baby you love ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you like ....Hov'! Baby you like ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love, damn (Baby you like ....Hov'!)

How could you leave me?
I thought that you needed me!
When the world got too much and you pleaded with me
Who helped you immediately? How speedy of me!
How could you deny me so vehemently?
Now your body is shaking, trying to free it of me
And your soul is in control, trying to lead it from me
And your heart no longer pledge allegiance to me
Damn, I'm missing the days when you needed the D!

And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (Uhh, I know what you like)
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (I know what you love)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you like ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you love ....Hov'! Baby you love, hehehe, uhh)
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know
And I know, and I know, and I know, and I know (Baby you love ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love (Baby you like ....Hov'! Baby you like ....Hov'!)
Everything you like, everything you love, damn (Baby you like ....Hov'!)10Embed
Wooo! Uh, uh, bounce is back
Uhh, uh-uh uh uh, geyeah, uh, your boy is back
(Sexy, sexy) I know y'all missed the bounce
You need to bounce for the sexy, you know?
Hah, haha, uh, let's get it in

Yeah ma, your dude is back, the Maybach Coupe is back
Tell the whole world the truth is back
You ain't gotta argue about who can rap
'Cause the proof is back, just go through my raps
(New York, New York!) Yeah, where my troopers at?
Where my hustlers, where my boosters at?
I don't care what you do for stacks
I know the world glued your back to the wall
You gotta brawl, do that
I been through that, been shot at, shoot back
Gotta keep a peace like a Buddhist
I ain't a New Jack; nobody gon' Wesley Snipe me
It's less than likely, move back
Let I breathe, Jedi Knight
The more space I get the better I write
Oh, never I write, but if ever I write
I need the space to say whatever I like, now just
You might also like
Change clothes, and go
You know I stay fresh to death, a boy from the projects
And I'ma take you to the top of the globe, so let's go
So let's exchange numbers and go
And girl I promise you no substitutes
It's just me
Ha, ha!

And I ain't gon' tell you again, let's get ghost in the Phantom
You can bring your friend, we can make this a tandem
Or you can come by yourself if you can stand him
Best believe, I sweat out weaves
Give Afro Puffs like R.A.G.E
Aww you get if could move it
Back it on up like a U-Haul truck
Then run and tell them ducks you heard Hovi new shit
He and the boy Phar-real make beautiful music
He is to the East coast what Snoop is
To the West Coast, what 'Face is to Houston
Young Hov' in the house is so necessary
No bra with that blouse, that's so necessary
No panties and jeans, that's so necessary
Now why you fronting on me, is that necessary?
Do I, to you, look like a lame
Who don't understand a broad with a mean shoe game
Who's up on dot dot dot and Vera Wang
Ma are you insane? Let's just
(What you want me to do?)
Change clothes, and go
You know I stay fresh to death, a boy from the projects
And I'ma take you to the top of the globe, so let's go
So let's exchange numbers and go
And girl I promise you, no substitutes
It's just me

Ha ha! Sexy sexy, ha ha! Sexy sexy
(It's so necessary ma)
Ha ha! Sexy sexy (Woo, that's right, it's a groove)
Ha ha! Sexy sexy (Uh, uh, it's a groove, uh, bring it back)
Ha ha!

Young Hov' in the house, it's so necessary
No bra with that blouse, that's so necessary
No panties and jeans, that's so necessary
Why you frontin' on me?
Let's go to my hotel, cause this don't go well
With those S. Dots, gotta stay fresh ma
Ma, I don't shop where the rest buy
Ho no ma, please respect my
Jiggy this is probably Purple Label
Or that BBC shit or it's probably tailored
And y'all niggas actin' way too tough
Throw on a suit, get it tapered up, and let's just:
Change clothes, and go
You know I stay fresh to death, a boy from the projects
And I'ma take you to the top of the globe, so let's go
So let's exchange numbers and go
And girl I promise you, no substitutes
It's just me

Ha ha! Sexy sexy (Uh, uh, WOO, sing along)
Ha ha! Sexy sexy (yeah, uh.. turn your radio up)
Ha ha! Sexy sexy (woo, put your hands in the air if you in the club)
Ha ha! Sexy sexy (snap your fingers now, uh, woo!)
Ha ha! (Your boy is back, uh-huh, uh, uh)
(The bounce is back, uh, uh woo!)
(Uh, Young is back, hahahaha - PEACE!!!)16Embed

Blueprint, trois
Yeah, yeah

What we talkin' 'bout? Real shit or we talkin' 'bout rhymes?
You talkin' 'bout millions or you talkin' 'bout mine?
What we talkin' 'bout? 'Cause I ain't got time
For what people be talkin' 'bout all the time
What we talkin' 'bout? Fiction or we talkin' 'bout fact?
You talkin' 'bout fiction? Hold up, pardon my back
I'm talkin' 'bout life (Life, life)
And all I hear is, "Oh yeah, he keeps talkin' 'bout crack"
I ain't talkin' 'bout profit, I'm talkin' 'bout pain
I'm talkin' 'bout despair, I'm talkin' 'bout shame
I ain't talkin' 'bout gossip, I ain't talkin' 'bout Game
I ain't talkin' 'bout Jimmy, I ain't talkin' 'bout Dame
I'm talkin' 'bout real shit, them people playin'
What is you talkin' 'bout? I don't know what y'all sayin'
People keep talkin' 'bout, "Hov, take it back!"
I'm doin' better than before, why would I do that?
Ain't nothin' cool 'bout carryin' a strap
'Bout worryin' your moms and buryin' your best cat
I'm talkin' 'bout revenge while carryin' his casket
All teary-eyed, 'bout to take it to a mattress
I'm talkin' 'bout music, I ain't talkin' 'bout rap
You talkin' 'bout who's hot, I ain't talkin' 'bout that
The conversation is changed, let's yap about that
I don't run rap no more, I run the map
You might also like
They talk, we live
We see what they say, they say, they say
I see what y'all talkin' about, ha ha
They talk, we did
Who cares what they say, they say, they say?

Chyeah, still they can't focus on them, they be talkin' 'bout me
Talkin' 'bout what I wear, talkin' 'bout where I be
Yeah, check out my hair, these ain't curls, these is peas
Peasey head still get paid, I'm combin' through G's
Please, we ain't focused on naps
'Cause I don't run rap no more, I run the map
A small part of the reason the President is black
I told him I got him when he hit me on the jack
Talkin' 'bout progress, I ain't lookin' back
You know I run track, try not to get lapped
People keep talkin' 'bout Hov left 'em flat
Tryna rewrite history, let's talk about facts
Dame made millions, even Jaz made some scraps
He could've made more but he ain't sign his contract
As far as street guys, we was dealin' crack
That's just how the game goes, I don't owe nobody jack
Grown men, want me to sit 'em on my lap
But I don't have a beard and Santa Claus ain't black
I repeat, you can't sit on my lap
I don't have a beard, now get off my sack—scream at me!
They talk, we live
We see what they say, they say, they say
They talk, we did
Who cares what they say, they say, they say?
Blueprint 3

And now that that's that, let's talk about the future
We have just seen the dream as predicted by Martin Luther
Now you could choose to sit in front of your computer
Posin' with guns, shootin' YouTube up
Or you could come with me to the White House, get your suit up
You stuck on being hardcore, I chuck the deuce up
Peace out Medusa
Welcome to the Blue-ah-Print-ah tre-piece, Jay-Z your tutor
Tooter of my own horn, beep beep, moo ya
Rass clot when rude boy come through with the roof up
So I could see the sky
'Cause everybody talkin' Hov, I think we know why

They talk, we live
We see what they say, they say, they say
They talk, we did
Who cares what they say, they say, they say?
They say
They say7Embed
Never, never, never, never change
Never change, this is Jay every day
I never change
I'll never change, this is Jay every day
I never change
Never change, this is Jay

I am a Roc representer (Oh)
Summer to winter (Oh), dead or alive (Uh)
24/7, three-sixty-five
One CD or three hundred and sixty pies
What's up to E and Kirk? Welcome home to Taj
Let no amount of money ruin this thing of ours (Uh)
We run streets like drunks run streetlights
We collidin' with life as we speak
We knee-deep in coke, we key-deep in ice
We flood streets with dope, we keep weed to smoke
We all fish, better teach your folk
Give him money to eat, the next week, he's broke
'Cause when you sleep, he's reachin' for your throat
Word on the street, you reap what you sow
Not out of fear, but love, love for the game
Roc family first, we never change, man
You might also like
Never, never, never, never change
I'm still fuckin' with crime, 'cause crime pays (I never change)
Out hustlin', same clothes for days (I never change)
I never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I'll never change
Who you know like Hov? (Never, never, never, never change)
I'm still fuckin' with crime, 'cause crime pays (I never change, that's right)
Out hustlin', same clothes for days (I never change, c'mon)
I never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I'll never change

What's up to my Miami and St. Thomas connects? (What up?)
I'd never mention your name, I promise respect
Death before dishonor, correct?
Yup, that's what you promised me since the Bomber League
Along with if we stay strong
We can get paper longer than Pippen's arms (Woo)
Plead the Fifth when it comes to the fam
I'm like a dog, I never speak, but I understand
Where my dogs at? Where my soldiers at war?
Where your balls at? Woah, gotta pause that (Woah)
Lost ninety-two bricks, had to fall back
Knocked a nigga off his feet, but I crawled back
Had A1 credit, got more crack
From the first to the fifth, gave it all back
If I'm not a hustler, what you call that?
This is before rap ('Fore), this is all fact (Fact), I never change
Never, never, never, never change
I'm still fuckin' with crime, 'cause crime pays (I never change)
Out hustlin', same clothes for days (I never change, that's right)
I never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I'll never change
Who you know like Hov? (Never, never, never, never change)
I'm still fuckin' with crime, 'cause crime pays (I never change)
Out hustlin', same clothes for days (I never change, c'mon)
I never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I'll never change

'Fore the streets robbed me, wasn't educated properly
Well, fuck y'all, I needed money for Atari
Was so young, my big sis still playin' with Barbie
Young brother, big city, eight million stories
Old heads taught me, "Youngin, walk softly"
Carry a big clip that'll get niggas off me
Keep coke in coffee, keep money smellin' mothy
Chains is cool to cop, but more important is lawyer fees (Uh)
That's how it is now (Uh), that's how it always be (Uh)
I never change, this is always me
From the womb to the tomb, from now 'til my doom
Drink Army from one cup, pass it around the room (That's a family, nigga)
That's the ritual (Yup), Big Ran, I ain't forget you, fool
And all that bullshit you tryin' to get through
This is crew love, move music or move drugs
Rival crews, get your black suits up, I'll never change
Never, never, never, never change
I'm still fuckin' with crime, 'cause crime pays (I never change, c'mon)
Out hustlin', same clothes for days (I never change)
I never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I'll never change
Who you know? (Never, never, never, never change)
I'm still fuckin' with crime, 'cause crime pays (I never change)
Out hustlin', same clothes for days (I never change, c'mon)
I never change, I'm too stuck in my ways, I'll never change

This is Jay every day
Who you know like Hov, nigga?23Embed

Feel it comin' in the air (Yeah)
Hear the screams from everywhere (Yeah)
I'm addicted to the thrill (I'm ready)
It's a dangerous love affair (What's up? Come on)
Can't be scared when it goes down
Got a problem, tell me now (What's up?)
Only thing that's on my mind (What's up?)
Is who's gon' run this town tonight (Ah, what's up?)
Is who's gon' run this town tonight (Yeah, what's up? Yeah)
We gon' run this town

We are, yeah, I said it: we are
This is Roc Nation, pledge your allegiance
Get your fatigues on, all black everything
Black cards, black cars, all black everything
And our girls are blackbirds ridin' with they Dillingers
I get more in depth if you boys really real enough
This is la Familia, I'll explain later
But for now, let me get back to this paper
I'm a couple bands down and I'm tryin' to get back
I gave Doug a grip and lost a flip for five stacks
Yeah, I'm talkin' 5 comma, 6 zeros, dot zero, here Doug
Back to runnin' circles round niggas, now we squared up
Hold up
You might also like
Life's a game, but it's not fair (Yeah)
I break the rules, so I don't care (Uh-huh)
So I keep doin' my own thang
Walkin' tall against the rain (What's up?)
Victory's within the mile
Almost there, don't give up now (What's up?)
Only thing that's on my mind (What's up?)
Is who's gon' run this town tonight (Uh, yeah)
Hey, hey, hey, hey (What's up?)
Who's gon' run this town tonight?

We are, yeah, I said it: we are
You can call me Caesar, in a dark Caesar
Please follow the leader, so Eric B we are
Microphone fiend, this the return of the god
Peace, God, ah ah, it ain't no nobody fresher
I'm in Maison, ah, Martin Margiela
On the table, screamin', "Fuck the other side! They're jealous!"
We got a banquette full of broads, they got a table full of fellas
Yeah, and they ain't spendin' no cake
They should throw their hand in 'cause they ain't got no spades
Yeah, my whole team got dough
So my banquette is lookin' like Millionaires' Row
Life's a game, but it's not fair
I break the rules, so I don't care
So I keep doin' my own thang
Walkin' tall against the rain
Victory's within the mile
Almost there, don’t give up now
Only thing that's on my mind
Is who's gon' run this town tonight
Hey, hey, hey, hey
Who's gon' run this town tonight?

It's crazy how you can go from bein' Joe Blow
To everybody on your dick; no homo
I bought my whole family whips; no Volvos
Next time I’m in church: please, no photos
Police escorts, everybody passports
This the life that everybody ask for
This the fast life, we are on a crash course
What you think I rap for, to push a fuckin' Rav 4?
But I know that if I stay stunting
All these girls only gon' want one thing
I can spend my whole life Good Will Hunting
Only good gon' come is this good when I'm cumming
She got a ass that'll swallow up a G-string
And up top, ungh, two bee stings
And I'm beasting off the Riesling
And my nigga just made it out the precinct
We give a damn about the drama that your dude bring
I'm just tryin' to change the color on your mood ring
Reebok, baby, you need to try some new things
Have you ever had shoes without shoe strings?
"What's that, Ye?" "Baby, these heels"
"Is that a May— what?!" "Baby, these wheels"
You trippin' when you ain't sippin', have a refill
You feelin' like you runnin', huh? Now you know how we feel (What’s up?)
Hey, hey (Yeah, yeah)
Hey, hey (What’s up?)
Hey, hey
Hey, we gon' run this town tonight
What’s up?88Embed

Kanyeezy you did it again, you a genius, nigga!

Lucifer, son of the morning! I'm gonna chase you out of Earth
(I'm from the murder capital, where we murder for capital)
Lucifer, son of the morning! I'm gonna chase you out of Earth
(So you need to change your attitude 'fore they asking what happened to you)

Lord forgive him, he got them dark forces in him
But he also got a righteous cause for sinning
Them-a-murder me, so I gotta murder them first
Emergency, doctors performing procedures
Jesus, I ain't trying to be facetious, but
"Vengeance is mine" sayeth the Lord, you said it better than all
Leave niggas on death's door, breathing on
Respirators for killing my best boy, haters
On permanent hiatus as I skate
In the Maybach Benz, flyer than Sanaa Lathan
Pumping "Brown Sugar" by D'Angelo
In Los Angeles, like an evangelist
I can introduce you to your maker
Bring you closer to nature, ashes after they cremate you bastards
Hope you been reading your psalms and chapters
Paying your tithe, being good Catholics, I'm coming
You might also like
Lucifer, Lucifer, son of the morning! I'm gonna chase you out of Earth
(I'm from the murder capital, where we murder for capital)
Lucifer, Lucifer, son of the morning! I'm gonna chase you out of Earth
(So you need to change your attitude 'fore they asking what happened to you)

Yes, this is holy war, I wet y'all all with the holy water
Spray from the Heckler-Koch automatic
All the static, shall cease to exist
Like a sabbatical, I throw couple at you, take six!
Spread love, to all of my dead thugs
I pour out a little Louis, 'till I head above
Yessir, and when I perish, the meek shall inherit the Earth
'til that time, it's on and popping, church
Like Don Bishop, the fifth or palm cock either
Lift up your soul or give you the holy ghost
Please I leave you in somebody's cathedral for stunting like Evel Knievel
I'll let you see where that bright light leads you
The more you talk, the more you irking us
The more you gon' need memorial services
The Black Album, second verse, is like
Devil's pie, save some dessert for us

Man, I gotta get my soul right
I gotta get these devils out my life
These cowards gonna make a nigga ride
They won't be happy 'til somebody die
Oh man, I gotta get my soul right
'Fore I'm locked up for my whole life
Every time it seems it's alright
Somebody want they soul to rise
I chase you off of this Earth
(Let me get serious for y'all, one second)
I got dreams of holding a nine milla to Bob's killer
Asking him "why?" as my eyes fill up
These days I can't wake up with a dry pillow
Gone but not forgotten, homes I still feel ya
So, curse the day that birthed the bastard
Who caused your church mass, reverse the crash
Reverse the blast then reverse the car
Reverse the day and there you are, Bobalob
Lord forgive him, we all have sinned
But Bob's a good dude, please let him in
And if you feel in my heart that I long for revenge
Please blame it on the son of the morning, thanks again41Embed
Yeah

Yeah, I'm out that Brooklyn, now I'm down in Tribeca
Right next to De Niro, but I'll be hood forever
I'm the new Sinatra, and since I made it here
I can make it anywhere, yeah, they love me everywhere
I used to cop in Harlem, hola, my Dominicanos (Dímelo!)
Right there up on Broadway, brought me back to that McDonald's
Took it to my stash spot, 560 State Street
Catch me in the kitchen, like a Simmons whippin' pastry
Cruisin' down 8th Street, off-white Lexus
Drivin' so slow, but BK is from Texas
Me? I'm out that Bed-Stuy, home of that boy Biggie
Now I live on Billboard and I brought my boys with me
Say "What up?" to Ty Ty, still sippin' Mai Tais
Sittin' courtside, Knicks and Nets give me high fives
Nigga, I be spiked out (Come on), I could trip a referee (Come on)
Tell by my attitude (Come on) that I'm most definitely from

In New York (Ayy, uh, yeah; aha)
Concrete jungle (Yeah) where dreams are made of
There's nothin' you can't do (Yeah, okay)
Now you're in New York (Aha, aha, aha; uh, yeah)
These streets will make you feel brand-new (New)
Big lights will inspire you (Come on) (Okay)
Let's hear it for New York (You welcome, OG; uh)
New York (Yeah), New York (Uh, I made you hot, nigga)
You might also like
Catch me at the X with OG at a Yankee game
Shit, I made the Yankee hat more famous than a Yankee can
You should know I bleed blue, but I ain't a Crip though
But I got a gang of niggas walkin' with my clique though
Welcome to the meltin' pot, corners where we sellin' rock
Afrika Bambaataa shit, home of the hip-hop
Yellow cab, gypsy cab, dollar cab, holla back
For foreigners, it ain't fair, they act like they forgot how to add
Eight million stories out there in the naked
City, it's a pity half of y'all won't make it
Me? I gotta plug Special Ed, "I Got It Made"
If Jeezy's payin' LeBron, I'm payin' Dwyane Wade
Three dice cee-lo, three-card Marley
Labor Day Parade—rest in peace, Bob Marley
Statue of Liberty, long live the World Trade (Come on, come on)
Long live the king, yo (Come on)—I'm from the Empire State, that's
In New York (Ayy; uh, yeah)
Concrete jungle where dreams are made of
There's nothin' you can't do (That boy good, okay)
Now you're in New York (Uh, yeah, welcome to the bright lights, baby)
These streets will make you feel brand-new
Big lights will inspire you (Okay)
Let's hear it for New York (Uh)
New York (Yeah), New York (Uh)
Lights is blinding, girls need blinders
Or they could step out of bounds quick, the side lines is
Lined with casualties who sip the life casually
Then gradually become worse—don't bite the apple, Eve!
Caught up in the in-crowd, now you're in-style
Into the winter gets cold, en vogue with your skin out
City of sin is a pity on a whim
Good girls gone bad, the city's filled with them
Mami took a bus trip, now she got her bust out
Everybody ride her, just like a bus route
"Hail Mary" to the city, you're a virgin
And Jesus can't save you, life starts when the church end
Came here for school, graduated to the high life
Ball players, rap stars, addicted to the limelight
MDMA (Come on) got you feelin' like a champion (Come on)
The city never sleeps (Come on), better slip you a Ambien
In New York (Ayy, ow, uh, yeah)
Concrete jungle where dreams are made of
There's nothin' you can't do (Okay)
Now you're in New York (Uh, yeah)
These streets will make you feel brand-new
Big lights will inspire you (Okay)
Let's hear it for New York (Uh)
New York (Yeah), New York (Uh)
One hand in the air for the big city (Oh)
Street lights, big dreams, all lookin' pretty (Oh)
No place in the world that could compare (Nah)
Put your lighters in the air, everybody say
"Yeah, yeah" (Come on, come on)
"Yeah, yeah" (Come on)

In New York (Uh, yeah, oh)
Concrete jungle where dreams are made of
There's nothin' you can't do (Okay)
Now you're in New York (Uh, yeah, yeah)
These streets will make you feel brand-new
Big lights will inspire you (Okay)
Let's hear it for New York (Uh)
New York (Yeah), New York (Uh)147Embed

Roc-A-Fella Records
The imperial Skateboard P
Great Hova
Y'all already know what it is! (Oh shit!)
C'mon! (Woooo!)
Yeah

So what if you flip a couple words? I could triple that in birds
Open your mind, you see the circus in the sky
I'm Ringling Brothers, Barnum & Bailey with the pies
No matter how you slice it, I'm your motherfuckin' guy
And just like a b-boy with 360 waves
Do the same with the pot, still come back beige
Whether right or southpaw, whether pot or the jar
Whip it around, it still comes back hard
So easily do I W-H-I-P
My repetition with wristses'll bring the kilo bidness
I got Creole C.O. bitches for my niggas
Who slipped, became prisoners, treats taped to the visitors
You already know what the bid-ness is
Unnecessary commissary, boy, we live this shit
Niggas wanna bring the '80s back
That's okay with me, that's where they made me at
Except I don't write on the wall
I write my name in the history books, hustlin' in the hall
Nah, I don't spin on my head
I spin my work in the pot, so I can spend my bread
You might also like
And I'm gettin' it, I'm gettin' it
I ain't talkin' about it, I'm livin' it
I'm gettin' it, straight gettin' it
G—G—G—Get— Get— Get it, boy
Don't waste your time
Fighting the life
Stay your course
And you'll understand (Get it, boy)

It's '87 state of mind that I'm in (mind that I'm in)
In my prime, so for that time, I'm Rakim (I'm Rakim)
If it wasn't for the crime that I was in
But I wouldn't be the guy who rhymes it is that I'm in (that I'm in)
No pain, no profit
P, I repeat if you show me where the pot is (pot is)
Cherry M3's with the top back (top back)
Red and green G's all on my hat
North Beach leathers, matching Gucci sweater
Gucci sneaks on to keep my outfit together
Whatever, hundred for the diamond chain
Can't you tell that I came from the dope game?
Blame Reagan for making me into a monster
Blame Oliver North and Iran-Contra
I ran contraband that they sponsored
Before this rhymin' stuff we was in concert
And I'm gettin' it, I'm gettin' it
I ain't talkin' about it, I'm livin' it
I'm gettin' it, straight gettin' it
G—G—G—Get— Get— Get it, boy
Don't waste your time
Fighting the life
Stay your course
And you'll understand (Get it, boy)

Ugh, push
Money over broads, you got it—fuck Bush
Chef, guess what I cooked?
Baked a lot of bread and kept it off the books
Rockstar, look
Way before the bars, my picture was getting took
Feds, they like wack rappers
Try as they may, they couldn't get me on the hook, ugh
D.A. wanna indict me
'Cause fishscale's in my veins like a Pisces
The Pyrex pot, rolled up my sleeves
Turn one into two like a Siamese twin
When it end, I'ma stand as a man
Never dying on my knees, last of a dying breed
So let the champagne pop
I partied for a while; now, I'm back to the block
And I'm gettin' it, I'm gettin' it
I ain't talkin' about it, I'm livin' it
I'm gettin' it, straight gettin' it
G—G—G—Get— Get— Get it, boy
Don't waste your time
Fighting the life
Stay your course
And you'll understand (Get it, boy)
"Blue Magic"—that's a brand name. Like "Pepsi"—that's a brand name. I stand behind it. I guarantee it. They know that, even if they don't know me any more than they know the— the Chairman of General Mills. My man...9Embed
Under the spot, under the spot
I got a million ways to get it (uh-huh, geah)
... Choose one (choose one, hey)
Ay, bring it back, bring it back (uh-huh)
Now double your money and make a stack
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
(Hold up) Freeze! Ay!
Somebody bring me back the money please, hey

Hov' on that new shit, niggas like "How come?"
Niggas want my old shit, buy my old albums
Niggas stuck on stupid, I gotta keep it movin'
Niggas make the same shit, me I make The Blueprint
Came in the Range, hopped out the Lexus
Every year since, I been on that next shit
Traded in the gold for the platinum Rolexes
Now a nigga wrist match the status of my records
Used to rock a throwback, ballin' on the corner
Now I rock a tailored suit, lookin' like a owner
No I'm not a Jonas, Brother, I'm a grown up
No I'm not a virgin, I use my cojones
I move onward, the only direction
Can't be scared to fail in search of perfection
Gotta keep it fresh girl, even when we sexin'
But don't be mad at him when it's on to the next one
You might also like
Freeze, somebody bring me back some money please
I got a million ways to get it, choose one
Bring it back, now double your money and make it stack
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
(Hold up) Freeze! Ay!
Somebody bring me back some money please

Fuck a throwback jersey cause we on to the next one
And fuck that Auto-Tune cause we onnnnn
And niggas, don't be mad, cause it's all about progression
Loiterers should be arrested
I used to drink Cristal, them muh'fuckers racist
So I switched gold bottles on to that Spade shit
You gon' have another drink or you just gon' baby-sit
On to the next one, somebody call the waitress
Baby, I'm a boss, I don't know what they do
I don't get dropped, I drop the label
World can't hold me, too much ambition
Always knew it'd be like this when I was in the kitchen
Niggas in the same spot, me I'm dodgin' raindrops
Meanin' I'm on vacay, chillin' on a big yacht
Yeah I got on flip-flops, white Louie boat shoes
Y'all should grow the fuck up, c'mere let me coach you
Hold up
Freeze, somebody bring me back some money please
I got a million ways to get it, choose one
Bring it back, now double your money and make it stack
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
(Hold up) Freeze! Ay!
Somebody bring me back some money please

Uhh, Big Pimpin' in the house now
Bought the land, tore the muh'fuckin house down
Bought the car, tore the muh'fuckin roof off
Ride clean, I don't never take the shoes off
Bought the jeep, tore the muh'fuckin doors off
Foot out that bitch, ride the shit like a skateboard
Navigation on, tryin' to find my next thrill
Feelin' myself, I don't even need a X pill
Can't chill but my neck will
Haters really gon' be mad off my next deal
Uhh, I don't know why they worry 'bout my pockets
Meanwhile I had Oprah chillin' in the projects
Had her out in Bed-Stuy, chillin' on the steps
Drinkin' quarter waters, I gotta be the best
M.J. at Summer Jam, Obama on the text
Y'all should be afraid of what I'm gon' do next
Hold up
Freeze, somebody bring me back some money please
I got a million ways to get it, choose one
Bring it back, now double your money and make it stack
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
I'm on to the next one, on to the next one
(Hold up) Freeze! Ay!
Somebody bring me back some money please33Embed
Throughout my life (uh huh uh huh uh)
No matter what I've done (right)
You've been merciful and your love endureth (yeah)
Through all things (yeah)
For that I am eternally grateful

Since my date of birth bought you nothing but hurt
Play those video games, stole change from ya purse
Sat on the cold court bench 'til I was arraigned in ya skirt
Saw the pain in ya face, still you maintained a smirk
All you did was motivate me, "Don't let 'em hold you back"
What I do? I turned around and I sold you crack
I was a bastard for that, still I'm drowning in shame
Just remember one thing now: you're not to blame
You was newly separated tryin' to escape ya world
And through my thirst I didn't help you I just made things worse
I hated me and everybody that created crack
Had me thinkin' the newest kicks and the latest gat
Still haven't apologized, so please play this back
While I try to come to terms with such a heinous act
You know in more than one way cocaine numbs the brain
All I did was think about how the funds once came
Then I ran across this memory and it stung the brain
How can you ever destroy the beauty from which one came
That's a savage, you're the reason
Why me and these beats make a marriage
Why I rhyme above average and I ain't shit
Glad you got yourself together, no thanks to me
Strong and beautiful the way thangs should be
You must love me
You might also like
You must love me...
Say that you love me
All I know say that you must love me
Ohh yeah

We used to fight every night but I never would suffer
Just smile, my big brother's tryna make me tougher
As we grew fussing and fighting continued
As I plundered through ya stuff and snuck ya clothes to school
Got intense, real intense as we got older
Never believed it would lead to be poppin' one in your shoulder
Where my rings? Knew you had it 'cause you took too long
As Mickey, Annie and the girl that bought it looked on
Huffin' and puffin' gun in my hand told you step outside
Hoping you said no but you hurt my pride
Made our way down the steps
Maybe you thought it was just a threat
Or maybe ya life was just that crazy
And you was beggin' for death
Try to justify this in my young mind
But the adrenaline and my ego hurt combined
Drove me berserk, saw the devil in your eyes
High off more than weed
Confused, I just closed my young eyes and squeezed (gunshot)
What a sound! Opened my eyes just in time
To see ya stumbling to the ground
Damn, what the fuck I done now?
Runnin' around in a circle thinking I'm assed out
Hot gun burnin' my waist, ran straight to Jaz' house
Like a stranger damn I just shot my nigga
And ran off into the night as if it was not my nigga
Left the scene, how could I go out that way?
Still you asked to see me in the hospital the next day
You must love me
What after all the wrong I've done
You must love me...
I know you must
You must love me...

Everything in my power and within my frame
To protect you from this life and keep you away from the game
But you was one of the few people that I can trust
And the fact of the matter I slang these pies for us
You put the pressure on me daily, rarely would you let it go
Was a thousand and one times I had to tell you no
But it was one of those days when nobody was around
And I needed emergency trip out of town
Searched my mental Rolodex for all the numbers I know
As you stared in my face asking me could you go
I agreed said send her everything'll go smooth
Just tell her what to do and everything'll go through
Strapped her body with them thangs as you boarded the plane
Couldn't explain the strange feeling that I caught in the vein
I'm thinking why would I send you when I knew it ain't right
I'm thinking what would make you sacrifice ya life
You must've love me

("You must love me" repeats in background)
After everything that I've done wrong
I know inside you must love me
I know that you love me
You showed me I know it
I know
Say that you love me
Say that you love me
I know you must love me
Oh yes you do
Inside I know it
You've always shown it
You love me yea yeah
Oh yeah
I know that you love me8Embed
Motherfuckers say that I'm foolish, I only talk about jewels (Bling-bling)
Do you fools listen to music or do you just skim through it?
See, I'm influenced by the ghetto you ruined
The same dude you gave nothin', I made somethin' doin'
What I do through and through and
I give you the news with a twist, it's just his ghetto point of view
The renegade, you been afraid I penetrate pop culture
Bring 'em a lot closer to the block where they pop toasters
And they live with they moms, got dropped roadsters
From botched robberies, niggas crouched over
Mami's knocked up 'cause she wasn't watched over
Knocked down by some clown
When child support knocked, "No, he's not around"
Now, how that sound to ya? Jot it down
I bring you through the ghetto without ridin' 'round
Hidin' down, duckin' strays from frustrated youths stuck in they ways
Just read a magazine that fucked up my day
How you rate music that thugs with nothin' relate to it?
I help them see they way through it, not you
Can't step in my pants, can't walk in my shoes
Bet everything you worth, you'll lose your tie and your shirt
Since I'm in a position to talk to these kids and they listen
I ain't no politician, but I'll kick it with 'em a minute
'Cause see, they call me a menace and if the shoe fits, I'll wear it
But if it don't, then y'all'll swallow the truth, grin and bear it
Now who's the king of these rude, ludicrous, lucrative lyrics?
Who could inherit the title, put the youth in hysterics
Usin' his music to steer it, sharin' his views and his merits?
But there's a huge interference, they're sayin' you shouldn't hear it
Maybe it's hatred I spew, maybe it's food for the spirit
Maybe it's beautiful music I made for you to just cherish
But I'm debated, disputed, hated and viewed in America
As a motherfuckin' drug addict, like you didn't experiment?
Now, now, that's when you start to stare at who's in the mirror
And see yourself as a kid again, and you get embarrassed
And I got nothin' to do but make you look stupid as parents
You fuckin' do-gooders, too bad you couldn't do good at marriage (Haha)
And do you have any clue what I had to do to get here?
I don't think you do, so stay tuned and keep your ears glued to the stereo
'Cause here we go, he's Jigga-Jur-Jigga-Jih-Jigga
And I'm the sinister Mr. Kiss-My-Ass is just a
You might also like
Renegade, never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade
Never been afraid to talk about anything
(Anything?), anything (Anything)
Renegade, never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade
Never been afraid to holler about anything
(Anything?), anything (Anything)

I had to hustle, my back to the wall, ashy knuckles
Pockets filled with a lotta lint, not a cent
Gotta vent, lotta innocent lives lost on the project bench
What you hollerin'? Gotta pay rent, bring dollars in
By the bodega, iron under my coat, feelin' braver
Durag wrappin' my waves up, pockets full of hope
Do not step to me
I'm awkward, I box lefty
An orphan, my pops left me
And often my mama wasn't home
Could not stress to me, I wasn't grown
'Specially on nights I brought somethin' home to quiet the stomach rumblings
My demeanor thirty years my senior
My childhood didn't mean much, only raisin' green up
Raisin' my fingers to critics, raisin' my head to the sky
Big, I did it, multi before I die
No lie, just know I chose my own fate
I drove by the fork in the road and went straight
See, I'm a poet to some, a regular modern-day Shakespeare
Jesus Christ, the king of these Latter-day Saints here
To shatter the picture in which of that as they paint me as
A monger of hate, satanist, scatter-brained atheist
But that ain't the case, see, it's a matter of taste
We as a people decide if Shady's as bad as they say he is
Or is he the latter, a gateway to escape?
Media scapegoat who they can be mad at today
See, it's as easy as cake, simple as whistlin' "Dixie"
While I'm wavin' the pistol at sixty Christians against me
Go to war with the Mormons, take a bath with the Catholics
In holy water, no wonder they tried to hold me under longer
I'm a motherfuckin' spiteful, delightful eyeful
The new Ice Cube, motherfuckers hate to like you
What did I do? (Huh?), I'm just a kid from the gutter
Makin' his butter off these bloodsuckers, 'cause I'm a motherfuckin'

Renegade, never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade
Never been afraid to talk about anything
(Anything?), anything (Anything)
Renegade, never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade
Never been afraid to holler about anything
(Anything?), anything (Anything)
Renegade, never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade
Never been afraid to talk about anything
(Anything?), anything (Anything)
Renegade, never been afraid to say
What's on my mind at any given time of day
'Cause I'm a renegade
Never been afraid to holler about anything
(Anything?), anything (Anything)234Embed
Uh, uh, uh, uh
Uh, uh (It's not a diss song, it's just a real song)
Uh, uh (You feel me?)
I heard motherfuckers sayin' they made Hov
Made Hov say, "Okay, so? Make another Hov!"
Niggas wasn't playin' they day role
So we parted ways like Ben and J-Lo
I shoulda been did it but I been in a daze though
I put friends over business end of the day though
But when friends' business interests is Day Glow
Ain't nothin' left to say though, I guess we forgot what we came fo'
Shoulda stayed in food and beverage
Too much flossin', too much Sam Rothstein
I ain't a bitch but I gotta divorce them
Hov had to get the shallow shit up off him
And I ain't even want to be famous
Niggas is brainless to unnecessarily go through these changes
And I ain't even know how it came to this
Except that fame is the worst drug known to man
It's stronger than, heroin
When you could look in the mirror like, "There I am"
And still not see what you've become
I know I'm guilty of it too, but not like them; you lost one
You might also like
Lose one, let go to get one (One, one, one)
Get one, lose some to win some (One, one, one, one, you lost one)
Story of a champion (One, one, one)
Sorry, I'm a champion, you lost one (One, one, one, one, uh)
I don't think it's meant to be, B
For she loves her work more than she does me
And honestly, at twenty-three
I would probably love my work more than I did she
So, we ain't we, it's me and her
'Cause what she prefers over me is work
And that's where we differ
So I have to give her free time, even if it hurts
So, breathe, mami, it's deserved
You've been put on this Earth to be all you can be like the Reserves
And me? My time in the army, it's served
So I have to allow she her time to serve
The time's now for her, in time she'll mature
And maybe we can be we again like we were
Finally, my time's too short to share
And to ask her now it ain't fair, so yeah, she lost one

Lose, one, let go to get one (One, one, one)
Get one, lose some to win some
One, one, one, oh yeah, she lost one
Story of a champion (One, one, one)
Sorry I'm a champion, you lost one (One, one, one)
My nephew died in the car I bought
So under the belief it's partly my fault
Close my eyes and squeeze, try to block that thought
Place any burden on me but please, not that, Lord
But time don't go back, it goes forward
Can't run from the pain, go towards it
Some things can't be explained, what caused it?
Such a beautiful soul, so pure, shit!
Gonna see you again, I'm sure of it
'Til that time, little man, I'm nauseous
Your girlfriend's pregnant, the Lord's gift
Almost lost my faith, that restored it
It's like havin' your life restarted
Can't wait for your child's life to be a part of it
So now I'm child-like, waitin' for a gift
To return, when I lost you, I lost it

Lose, one, let go to get one (One, one, one)
Get, one, lose some to win some
One, one, one, Colleek, I lost one
Story of a champion (One, one, one)
Colleek, you're a champion, I lost one (One, one, one)24Embed

This is a public service announcement
Sponsored by Just Blaze and the good folks at Roc-A-Fella Records
Fellow Americans, it is with the utmost pride and sincerity that I present this recording as a living testament and recollection of history in the making during our generation

Allow me to re-introduce myself
My name is Hov, oh, H to the O-V
I used to move snowflakes by the O-Z
I guess even back then you can call me
CEO of the R-O-C, Hov
Fresh out the fryin' pan into the fire
I be the music biz number one supplier
Flyer than a piece of paper bearin' my name
Got the hottest chick in the game wearin' my chain, that's right
Hov, oh, not D.O.C.
But similar to them letters, "No One Can Do It Better"
I check cheddar like a food inspector
My homie Strict told me, "Dude, finish your breakfast"
So that's what I'ma do, take you back to the dude with the Lexus
Fast-forward the jewels and the necklace
Let me tell you dudes what I do to protect this
I shoot at you actors like movie directors
This ain't a movie, dog (Oh, shit)
You might also like
Now before I finish, let me just say I did not come here to show out, did not come here to impress you
Because to tell you the truth when I leave here I'm gone
And I don't care what you think about me—but just remember, when it hits the fan, brother, whether it's next year, ten years, twenty years from now, you'll never be able to say that these brothers lied to you jack

Ving ain't lie
I done came through the block in everything that's fly
I'm like Che Guevara with bling on, I'm complex
I never claimed to have wings on
Nigga, I get my "By any means" on whenever there's a drought
Get your umbrellas out because that's when I brainstorm
You can blame Shawn, but I ain't invent the game
I just rolled the dice, trying to get some change
And I'd do it twice, ain't no sense in me
Lying as if I am a different man
And I could blame my environment but
There ain't no reason why I be buying expensive chains
Hope you don't think users are the only abusers
Niggas getting high within the game
If you do then, how would you explain?
I'm ten years removed, still the vibe is in my veins
I got a hustler spirit, nigga, period
Check out my hat yo, peep the way I wear it
Check out my swag' yo, I walk like a ballplayer
No matter where you go, you are what you are player
And you can try to change but that's just the top layer
Man, you was who you was 'fore you got here
Only God can judge me, so I'm gone
Either love me, or leave me alone
Now, back to our regularly scheduled program, L'Album Noir: The Black Album55Embed

Thank you, thank you, thank you!
You're far too kind

Now, can I get a encore? Do you want more?
Cookin' raw with the Brooklyn boy
So for one last time, I need y'all to roar
Now, what the hell are you waitin' for?
After me, there shall be no more
So for one last time, nigga, make some noise!

Who you know fresher than Hov? Riddle me that
The rest of y'all know where I'm lyrically at
Can't none of y'all mirror me back
Yeah, hearin' me rap is like hearin' G Rap in his prime
I'm Young H-O, rap's Grateful Dead
Back to take over the globe, now break bread
I'm in Boeing jets, Global Express
Out the country, but the blueberry still connect
On the low, but the yacht got a triple deck
But when you Young, what the fuck you expect? Yep, yep
Grand openin', grand closin'
Goddamn, your man Hov cracked the can open again
Who you gon' find doper than him?
With no pen, just draw off inspiration
Soon you gonna see you can't replace him
With cheap imitations for these generations
You might also like
Now, can I get an encore? Do you want more?
Cookin' raw with the Brooklyn boy
So for one last time, I need y'all to roar
Now what the hell are you waitin' for?

Look what you made me do! Look what I made for you!
Knew if I paid my dues, how will they pay you
When you first come in the game, they try to play you
Then you drop a couple of hits, look how they wave to you
From Marcy to Madison Square
To the only thing that matters in just a matter of years (yeah)
As fate would have it, Jay's status appears
To be at an all-time high, perfect time to say goodbye
When I come back like Jordan
Wearin' the 4-5, it ain't to play games with you
It's to aim at you, probably maim you
If I owe you I'm blowin' you to smithereens
Cocksucker, take one for your team!
And I need you to remember one thing (One thing)
I came, I saw, I conquered
From record sales to sold-out concerts
So, motherfucker, if you want this encore
I need you to scream 'til your lungs get sore
Ow, it's star time
This man is mean, he's killin' all y'all jive turkeys
Do y'all want more of the Jigga man?
Well, if y'all want more of the Jigga man
Then I need y'all to help me bring him back to the stage
Say "Hova!", c'mon, say it!
Are y'all out there? (Ho-va! Ho-va!)
C'mon, louder!
Yeah, now see that's what I'm talking about
They love you, Jigga! They love you, Jigga!

I like the way this one feel
It's so motherfuckin' soulful, man!
(Woah, woah, woah)
Yeah, okay

So this here is the victory lap
Then I'm leavin', that's how you get me back
After a year of them 16's, it's 1.2
And that's 2.4, and I'm only doin' 2
You want in the game? Attention, new dudes
I can get you BET, and TRL, too
You want to be in the public, send your budget
Well, fuck it, I ain't budgin'
Young did it to death, you gotta love it
Record companies told me I couldn't cut it
Now look at me: all star-studded
Golfer above par like I putted
All ‘cause the shit I uttered was utterly ridiculous
How sick is this?
You want to bang, send Kanye change
Send Just some dust, send Hip a grip
Then you gotta spit, a little somethin' like this
What the hell are you waiting for?28Embed
So I had to memorize these rhymes until I got home, you understand?
So, and they'll do— you know
Once you memorize a sentence, it's like an exercise
Y'all niggas can't be serious right now
I'm the all-time heavyweight champion of flowers
I'm leading the league in at least six statistical categories right now
Best flow, most consistent, realest stories
Most charisma
I set the most trends
And my interviews are hotter
Holla

I jog in the graveyard, spar in the same ring
That was housed by the building where Malcolm X was slain
I spring train in the winter, 'round early December
Run suicide drills over and over
With the weight of the world on my shoulder
That's why they call me Hova
I'm far from being God, but I work goddamn hard
I wake up the birds, so when the nerds asleep
I'm catching my second wind the second the first one ends
I am focused, man, and I'm not afraid of death
I'm going all out, I circle the vultures in a van and
I run the block (Run), pull up in a drop (Pull up)
Push up on my money (Push up), I'm in great shape, dunny (Woo)
I keep jacks jumping, thirty-six sets
Like a personal trainer, I teach coke to stretch
I pump in Roc sweats, all-white trainers
The ghetto's Billy Blanks, I show you niggas what pain is
Maintain your stamina, Hov will damage ya
Spot you two rhymes, y'all niggas is amateurs
The fifth a deadlift
If niggas don't wanna get shot, then y'all niggas better squat
I drop your set for rep
No need to hit the showers, the spit from the fifth leave you wet
Lyrical exercise
Y'all niggas ain't tired, right?
You might also like
One, one, two, two, three, three, four
Breathe easy
One, one, two, two, three, three, four
Breathe easy
One, one, two, two, three, three, four
Breathe easy
One, two, three, four
Breathe easy

Suckers, get your weight up (Uh), not your hate up
Jigga Man is diesel when I lift the eight up
Y'all ain't ready to workout with the boy
Your flow is brain on drugs, mines is rap on steroids
I lift every voice when I sing, my ability
Make yours look like an exercise in futility (Woo)
Bring your squad, biceps, triceps, and quads
We don't struggle with undeveloped muscles
Y'all ain't real, that's y'all Achilles' heel
Same routine when you see me, you know the drill
I spot ya
I lift the weight of the watch off your arm, remain nice and calm
Put down your things
Trinidad of the game, know my way around your ring
No matter how many pounds you bring
It sounds like the same old thing
R-O-C is the strongest team, fuckers
One, one, two, two, three, three, four
Breathe easy
One, one, two, two, three, three, four
Breathe easy
One, one, two, two, three, three, four
Breathe easy
One, two, three, four
Breathe easy13Embed

Turn the lights all the—turn the lights all the way down (Yeah)
What? (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Uh-huh, yeah (Uh)
C'mon, uh-huh, such a deep flow (Grrr…)
C'mon, yeah, c'mon, yo, yo

J-A-Y, I flow sick (Uh)
Fuck all y'all haters, blow dick
I spits the game for those that throw bricks
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, chicks (What?)
Sex, murder and mayhem; romance for the street (Uh-huh)
Only wife of mines is a life of crime, and since
Life's a bitch in mini-skirts and big chest
How can I not flirt with death?
That's life's enigma, long as life within us
We gon' sin a lot and pray that Christ forgive us, fuck it
Ice the wrist and raise the price on these niggas
Y'all can't floss on my level
I'll invite you all to get with us if your ball is glitter
When I go, on the hall of players, wall my picture (Uh-huh)
If you get close enough, you can read the scripture
It reads: "Money, cash, hoes", how real was that nigga? (What)
You might also like
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (What)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (Uh)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (C'mon)
Money, cash, hoes, (What) hoes, (What) hoes (What)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (What)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (Uh)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (C'mon)
Money, cash, hoes, (What) hoes, (What) hoes (What)

Flavors robust, platinum and gold touch
Yeah I rap now, fast money done slowed up
Niggas try to stop Jay-Z to no luck
Roc-A-Fella forever, CEO, what! (what?)
Us the villains? Fuck your feelings
While y'all playa hate we in the upper millions
What's the dealings? (huh) It's like New York's been soft
Ever since Snoop came through and crushed the buildings
I'm trying to restore the feelings; fuck the law, keep dealing
More money, more cash, more chilling
I know they gon' criticize the hook on this song
Like I give a fuck...I'm just a crook on this song
Bed-Stuy Brook-Nam took on the world
Shit, I led a life you can write a book on
Sex, murder and mayhem, romance for the street
Man, and I tell ya, it'll be the best-seller, what!
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (What)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (Uh)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (C'mon)
Money, cash, hoes, (What) hoes, (What) hoes (What)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (What)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (Uh)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (C'mon)
Money, cash, hoes, (What) hoes, (What) hoes (What)
D-M-X and my dogs bite
Jigga, my nigga, rhyme all night
Thugs for life, one night with this rap shit
Let 'em go and I bet they know what'll happen
When we clap shit
Acting like we owe 'em something
Then we show 'em something
Talking greasy, I think they found 'em down the road or something (Wooh) Fucking with a mad man in a bad mood
Is like fucking with a mad dog that wants mad food
And the only thing that's stopping him is you (WHAT!)
So the only thing that he'll be dropping is you (WHAT!)
Chopping in two (COME ON!)
Then he drop it to Clue, and the response from the street:
This is one dog that loves raw meat (woo!)
But getting back to, just 'cause I, love my niggas
I shed blood, for my niggas
Let a nigga holla, "where my niggas?"
All I'ma hear is "right here my nigga!"
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (What)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (Uh)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (C'mon)
Money, cash, hoes, (What) hoes, (What) hoes (What)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (What)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (Uh)
Money, cash, hoes, money, cash, hoes (C'mon)
Money, cash, hoes, (What) hoes, (What) hoes (What)

Roc-A-Fella shit
Uh huh uh huh, Ruff Ryders
Pa-pause
My nigga Swizz
Uh huh, uh huh
Don't stop, beatch
Uh, uh huh, yeah
Respect the game yo

Okay okay okay, so now the guy's working for Jay-Z
Making hot songs
But any type of trouble he gets in, he runs to Jay-Z
Trouble with the label, he calls Jay-Z
But he still has to come up with Jay-Z's money every week no matter what
Not selling any records, fuck you pay me
Oh you want me in your video, fuck you pay me
No one's coming to your shows huh, fuck you pay me
And then what do you do when you can't borrow another dollar from the label?
You can't sell any singles in the stores?
You light a match....you blow the joint *explosion*13Embed
Yeah, yeah
Uh, right, right, right
Right, right, right, right
Uh, uh, uh
Feel me now, listen

Mama loved me, pop left me
Mickey fed me, Annie dressed me
Eric fought me, made me tougher
Love you for that, my nigga, no matter what, bruh
Marcy raised me, and whether right or wrong
Streets gave me all I write in this song
Hootie babysitted, changed my diapers
Gil introduced me to the game that changed my life up
East Trenton grew me, had me skipping school
Valencia's boyfriend Volvo had me making moves
Mama raised me, pop, I miss you
God, help me forgive him, I got some issues
Mickey cleaned my ears, Annie shampooed my hair
Eric was fly, shit, I used to steal his gear
I was the baby boy, I could do no wrong
Years going past fast, let's move along
Kitchen table, that's where I honed my skills
Jaz made me believe this shit was real
Labels turned me down, couldn't foresee
Clark sought me out, Dame believed
Primo laced me, Ski did too
Reasonable Doubt, classic, shoulda went triple
Mama loved me, pop left me
Grandma dressed me, plus, she fed me
Banana pudding was in the hood then
Puffing on L's, drinking pink Champale
Ty rolled with a nigga, V.A. spot
Tone, Mike 'Zo and them niggas, V.A.'s locked
Biggs fucked with a nigga, what's up, Hoff?
Bee-High hated the fact I put rap to the back
Money pouring in, clientele growing now
Birth of my first nephew, time to slow it down
October 21st, Lavelle came to the world
Followed by three more boys and then a baby girl
Mama loved me, Ti-Ti, Uncle Jay
Loves you to death, won't let no trouble come your way
Oh, can't forget my man down in Maryland
He's gone 'til November, how can I not remember?
Tell your moms I'm there for her and Tiembra
And your son, too, it's nothing I won't do
Unless you was me, how could you judge me?
I was brought up in pain, y'all can't touch me
Police pursued me, chased, cuffed, and subdued me
Talked to me rudely 'cause I'm young, rich, and I'm Black and living a movie, not living by rules
New rap patrolling the city, follow my crews
Bleek, you're still with me, nigga, what did I say?
Your time is coming, you one hit away
Beans, I ain't tryna change you, just give you some game
To make the transition from the street to the fame
My mama loves meYou might also like12Embed
What.. '96 and forever
Rok-A-Blok, Roc-A-Fella

I'm feeling it, fill the glass to the top with Moët
Feeling it, feel the Lex' pushing up on the set
I'm feeling it, feel the high that you get from the lye
Feeling it, if you feel it raise your L in the sky

I keep it realer than most I know you're feeling it
Cristal's on ice, I like to toast, I keep on spilling it
Bone crushers I keep real close, I got the skill for this
On my back the flyest clothes, looking ill in dip
Transactions illegitimate 'cause life is still a trick, and then you die
But for now, love, we live life, the chiller wrist
Since diapers, had nothing to livе for like them lifers but
Making surе everybody get a slice of the pie we dice up
We paid the price to circle us, success, they turned my mic up
I'm 'bout to hit the world with some game that'll light ya life up
If every player in your clique is rich, your clique is rugged
Nobody will fall 'cause everyone will be each others crutches
I hope you fools choose to listen, I drop jewels, bust it
These are the rules I follow in my life, you gotta love it
Jiggy-Jigga looking gully in the joint
If y'all brothers ain't talking 'bout large money, come on money
You might also like
I'm feeling it, fill the glass to the top with Moët
Feeling it, feel the Lex' pushing up on the set
I'm feeling it, feel the high that you get from the lye
Feeling it, if you feel it raise your L in the sky

Even if it ain't sunny, hey, I ain't complaining
I'm in the rain doing a buck 40, hydroplaning, what, shorty?
(Where you disappear to, son?) Maintaining
Putting myself in a position most of these rappers ain't in
I'm living, the ill street blues got you hunger painin'
Nothing to gain and a whole lot to lose, they still singing, fools
I'm thorough, in every borough, my name be ringing
Warming it up for the perfect time to hit your brain, and
Ya feelin' it? To all the girls that bought a girdle to conceal with
No doubt, they can vouch my life is real as it gets
'95 South I burnt downs in 96
When I was doin my thing, I hit those cats on the hill with bricks
Ain't nothin changed, cats still ridin them chrome things
Oh yeah, maybe we got a couple more stones in the rings
And we don't have to talk in code when the phone rings, we own things
Rockafella

I'm feeling it, fill the glass to the top with Moët
Feeling it, feel the Lex' pushing up on the set
I'm feeling it, feel the high that you get from the lye
Feeling it, if you feel it raise your L in the sky
I'm feeling it, fill the glass to the top with Moët
Feeling it, feel the Lex' pushing up on the set
I'm feeling it, feel the high that you get from the lye
Feeling it, if you feel it raise your L in the sky
What, y'all ain't heard that fella Jay hot? Can't knock the hustle
Fill the glass way to the top till I wet my knuckles
Y'all stay consumed with rumors here
I keep your girl on the bloomers while you scream on the answering machine
"Pick up, I know you're there!"
I can't believe y'all so emotional
And mad at me because I'm doin what I'm supposed to do
Stacking G's, I'm beyond your rumors, I'm a player
Macking V's in the tropic where the only topic is daiquiris
With the hot chick rocking a 2-piece with double C's
Estimate the glasses alone, cost her 2 G's
The dread dude stopped by, introduced me to new trees
I told him it's stress back in New York, I need it to release
We start to zoning, me and this chick on the island, unplug the phone and
I free my mind sometimes I hear myself moaning
Take one more toke then I leave that stuff alone, man
It got me going, again

I'm feeling it, fill the glass to the top with Moët
Feeling it, feel the Lex' pushing up on the set
I'm feeling it, feel the high that you get from the lye
Feeling it, if you feel it raise your L in the sky
I'm feeling it, fill the glass to the top with Moët
Feeling it, feel the Lex' pushing up on the set
I'm feeling it, feel the high that you get from the lye
Feeling it, if you feel it raise your L in the sky
I'm feeling it, fill the glass to the top with Moët...Embed

This is a state of emergency, bitches
What you want me to do? I'm sorry!
I'm back
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey, hey! Uh! (Uh-huh!)
Show me what you got, lil mama
Show me what you got, pretty lady
Show me what you got, shorty
Show me what you got, baby
Hands up and waves, and waves (Show 'Em Whatcha Got! Show 'Em Whatcha Got!)
And waves, and waves! Uh! (Show 'Em Whatcha Got!)

Give the drummer some
Shit, I already gave the summer some
It's the winter's turn, Hovi Hov is the coldest
I'm just getting better with time, I'm like Opus One
Young, no two alike like a snowflake
Okay, show me what you got babe
Words is slurring, engine purring
Mami front, but I'm so determined
Shots of Patron, now she in the zone
I ain't talking bout the 2-3
Mami in the zone like the homie two-three
Jordan or James, makes no difference
We all ballin' the same
Nigga, I am the Mike Jordan of recordin'
Nigga, you might want to fall back from recordin'
Shit, what you write is not important
So it forced him to go for the hype
For being brave they may applaud him
But misery, I will assure them
Aww baby, just ignore them
Truth or dare, mami, listen and learn
I got a drop, I just took off the top, it's your turn
You might also like
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
Hey, hey, hey, hey! (Uh!)
Show me what you got, lil mama
Show me what you got, pretty lady
Show me what you got, shorty
Show me what you got, baby
Hands up and waves, and waves
And waves, and waves! Uh!
Show me what you got, lil mama
Show me what you got, pretty lady
Show me what you got, shorty
Show me what you got, baby (Uh, uh!)
Hands up and waves, and waves (Show 'Em Whatcha Got! Show 'Em Whatcha Got!)
And waves, and waves! Uh! (Show 'Em Whatcha Got!)

H.O.V.A., gold bottles of that Ace of Spade
Why even fool with these other guys, they all stingy
All these dudes know how to say is gimme
Gimme some head, gimme some brain
Gimme your number, gimme your name
But if I get one night baby girl, I swear
I'll make you tell these other dudes gimme got you here
I'll take you shopping, take long trips
I'll take the cork off, you can take sips
I'll take you there, take my time
Take your clothes off, you take off mine
Ma, show me what you got
Hovi in the spot, tried to told you I was hot
Tell these other dudes it's a wrap
Get the fuck out the throne you clone, the King's back!
Y'all got less than two months to get y'all thing together
Good luck
Show me what you got, lil mama
Show me what you got, pretty lady (Ow!)
Show me what you got, shorty
Show me what you got, baby (Uh, uh!)
Hands up and waves, and waves (Show 'Em Whatcha Got! Show 'Em Whatcha Got!)
And waves, and waves! Uh! (Show 'Em Whatcha Got!)
Show me what you got, lil mama
Show me what you got, pretty lady
Show me what you got, shorty
Show me what you got, baby (Uh, uh!)
Hands up and waves, and waves (Show 'Em Whatcha Got! Show 'Em Whatcha Got!)
And waves, and waves! Uh! (Show 'Em Whatcha Got!)

Ladies and gentlemen, the most incredible
H-O, uh huh
H-O, uh huh
He's back
Justin Blaze
Blazettes
Roc-A-Fella Records
Dynasty continues, y'all die
Uh huh, peace!10Embed

Young! It's the life
Once again it's the life, yes
I don't know why, I.. get so high oh
It's intoxicating, man, y'all don't know why you do what you do
Get so high oh, get so high, high off the life

The allure of breaking the law
Was always too much for me to ever ignore
I've got a thing for the big-body Benzes, it dulls my senses
In love with a V-Dub engine
Man, I'm high off life, fuck it, I'm wasted
Bathing Ape kicks, Audemars Piguet wrist
My women-friends get tennis bracelets
Trips to Venice, get their Winters replaced with
The sun...it ain't even fun no more, I'm jaded
Man, it's just a game, I just play it to play it
I put my feet in the footprints left to me
Without saying a word, the ghetto's got a mental telepathy
Man, my brother hustled so, naturally
Up next was me, but what perplexes me
Shit, I know how this movie ends, still I play
The starring role in "Hovito's Way"
You might also like
It's just life, I solemnly swear
To change my approach, stop shaving coke
Stay away from hoes, put down the toast
'Cause I be doing the most (Oh no!)
But every time I felt "That was that", it called me right back
It called me right back
Man, it called me right back (Oh no!)

I'm like a Russian mobster, drinking distilled vodka
Until I'm under the field with Hoffa, it's real
Peel the top up like a toupée, mix the water with the soda
Turn the pot up, make a soufflé
All of y'all can get it like group-page on your two-way
I'm living proof that crime do pay
Say "hooray" to the bad guy, and all the broads
Putting cars in their name, for the stars of the game
Putting 'caine in their bras and their tomorrows on the train:
All in the name of love
Just to see that love locked in chains and the family came
Over the house to take back everything that they claimed
Or even the worse pain is the distress
Learning you're the mistress only after that love gets slain
And the anger and the sorrow mixed up leads to mistrust
Now it gets tough to ever love again
But the allure of the game, keeps calling your name
To all the Lauras of the world, I feel your pain
To all the Christies in different cities and Tiffany Lanes:
We all hustlers in love with the same thing
It's just life, I solemnly swear
To change my approach, stop shaving coke
Stay away from hoes, put down the toast
'Cause I be doing the most (Oh no!)
But every time I felt "That was that", it called me right back
It called me right back
Man, it called me right back (Oh no!)

I never felt more alive than riding shotgun
In Klein's green 5, until the cops pulled guns
And I tried to smoke weed to give me the fix I need -
What the game did to my pulse - with no results
And you can treat your nose and still won't come close
The game is a light bulb with eleventy-million volts
And I'm just a moth addicted to the floss
The doors lift from the floor and the tops come off
By any means necessary, whatever the cost
Even if it means lives is lost
And I can't explain why I just love to get high
Drink, "life!" smoke the blueberry sky, blink twice
I'm in the blueberry 5, you blink three times
I may not even be alive
I mean even James Dean couldn't escape the allure
Dying young, leaving a good-looking corpse
Of course...
It's just life, I solemnly swear
To change my approach, stop shaving coke
Stay away from hoes, put down the toast
'Cause I be doing the most (Oh no!)
But every time I felt "That was that", it called me right back
It called me right back
Man, it called me right back (Oh no!)

Once again its the life
Yeah I said its the life
Once I again its the life
(Oh no! I don't know why, I...)
(Get so high oh)
(Get so high oh)
(Get so high, high off the life)23Embed
You wish nigga keep walkin
If I let you hang ain't no thang, but, let me do all the talkin
I'm on a strict  diet
So don't tell nobody you me cause, I'll deny it
Niggas who jock me to be shot
Cause even if your shit went triple platinum I'm like, could've been better ak
You never catch me overwhelmed, I'll never let it through
Shit I don't even wanna get credit where credit is due
I got too many penny ante brothers 

Since you're leery when you're near me you spoke and I didn't speak
You spoke again, I take it that you didn't hear me
For good reason though, it ain't that your ears don't work
It's just that I'm who I am, and you're a fuckin jerk
I gotta rep to uphold if you're askin me
So anytime after three stop harassin me
I know I kick the fly shit that you gotta like
But niggas ride my dick so bad, I gotta buy a bike
I know a million motherfuckers and 
 and you ain't one of them

You might also likeEmbed
I flow like breakfast when I spit
So all you need is bacon and eggs, cause I take it back to the grit
They ask why I never signed to the Roc
But if Jay is my man, then what's the difference son we both signed to the block
Niggas is jumpin' around like House of Pain
But be humpin' the ground as soon as I  with the pump and the pound
Fuck jail, what I'm  for
Don't play wit your kids either
That's what you got Nas for
Y'all can't be serious, button your zippers
It's a two team town, yeah, but y'all niggas 
Come off at the clothes like strippers
With a flow so relaxed that all you need now is a pillow or slippers
That enough? Cause anything after us is garunteed to do only one thing shorty, fuck it up

What up Sauce Money? Long time no fear
You know the industry is scared whenever we appear
Although all alone, I'll admit, I'm a haunted home
Strike like lightnin' nigga it's quite frigtenin'
Don't be afraid I won't pop at your 
They still got me on probation so I got to behave
You ain't got to be gay, be a man
Peter Pan, take a piss when you stand
When you sit, take a shit
See I don't just body things up
I potty train fucks, I got your game up
The GM of the ballers
With 3 of them in the BM around 3 am in the mornin
 to get it started like Pink and them
I got em thinkin I'm fallin, I'm winkin and I'm steady doggin' em
You might also likeEmbed
"Man I worked for one of the biggest companies in New York City
He didn't own his own company
White man owned it, so they owned him
Nobody owns me though."

(Your gangster is not defined)
Your gangster is not defined by how low your jeans fall by your waist, but more how your genes stand up to their expectations
"Never forgetting where we came from."
(Your gangster, your gangster)
Your gangster is not defined by how many rocks are in your watch
But rather how many rocks you move while owning the watch
(Gangsters, hustlers, republicans, democrats, pimps and hoes)
Conservatives, labour
The seller, the buyer, the product, the producer
"See you are what you are in this world."
The gangster is absorbed and adored by those that don't understand the laws that govern the gangsterment
(Gangsterment, gangsterment)
Gangsterment allows you to make up your own laws
And create brand new words, gangster mentality
(Gangster mentality, an American way created by the white
Mastered by the black, and absorbed by the fiends
Taxed by the governmentality, governmentality (governmentality)
Charted by Forbes, if you believe in JAY-Z
Then you too can be a gangster) then you too can be a gangster
By any means necessary, by owning that dream
I mean it's a long walk to freedom
But, while deep, deep, deep inside the bush
(The war on terror screams, damn it feels good)
Damn it feels good to be a gangster, haha
(To be a gangster, swagger is not a must, it's a liability
A cliché, a bad suit, cut the bullshit
You know if it wasn't for this, there would be no that)
Which we call, the American GangsterYou might also like2Embed