Woke up at 7, my day seemed more than I prayed for
Got dressed up to head out and ride to school on my skateboard
New kid in class I sat alone takin' notes while the hoodlums were makin' jokes at the clothes that my momma paid for
Seemed like everyone was a part of some gang invasion
Tattoos, the initiation, parolers I’m on probation
Soakin' up the vibe as I study for information
'Cause lately I been deprived of a normal day
But today, on my way to eat lunch, some kid approached me
He told me “we should be cool” if only he got to know me
'Cause on this side of town I would need some protection
It’s crazy, reckless and dangerous
Unless I’m some sort of gangster, I’m only safe with the police
He said his name was 
I dapped him up at the busses
I was kinda skept' about him at first cause I didn’t trust him
The more I got to know him, I couldn’t tell what his motives were
Hopin' that he was sincere, somethin' told me “let go”
But the only thing on my mind was patience
Searchin' twice for a different life, I was tired of waitin'
'Cause me and  had similar views and conversations infused with knowledge
Mainly 'bout school and college, that was my truth, but regardless
He was type cool when I was wit' him
Introduce him to my family, they were rockin' wit' him
My momma told him, “Make sure you look out for my son”
And before she could finish her sentence, he quickly just interjected and said, “Don’t you even stress it, I got it under control.”
It’s been two months since we met, it seemed like we’d gotten close
Some cat approached me and tried to beef wit' me, I just froze
Then I see  pounded and stompin' homie right out his clothes
Called me his brother and told me he got me to the fullest
Even if that mean bullets, bullies, gangs, AKs and choppas ‘till they kill us
That’s the realest shit I ever witnessed
A few weeks later, my uncle sold me a Honda Civic
A ’93 with no license plates and no registration
Just thinkin' about every place that I’ma go when I finally get it
And then he asked me for a ride around the block some distance from where I was parkin
And instantly I knew the spot was sketchy, my momma would kill me
My intuition told me not to, I knew it was wild
And plus I knew I had no business or place on that side of town
And I read about some chick that went lurkin' without a sound and got murked
Her body found in that dirt, with a thousand rounds
It was worse than abandoned buildins of bandits, villians, and scammers
Killers provokin' gangsters, but maybe I’m overthinkin'
Maybe I might be straight just as long as I pump the brakes
And try not to think about it just trust I’ll be fuckin' safe
And then I told him, “Let’s go, hop in.”
He dapped me up, he started tellin' jokes the whole ride there
Had me crackin' up
As we were gettin closer, I felt funny, my stomach turned
Then he told me, “Go left, make another turn, go right, and drive slow”
As I look, it was all abandoned and quiet, not a single person in sight, nobody standin
And right when I pulled the car to the side
He said, “Right here, sit still. Turn the car off and chill.”
That’s when I start to panic he told me, “Relax.”
Then he pulled the keys out the ignition and hopped out and laughed
Then my life flashed in an instant
He inched to my driver door then I tried to lock it, I couldn’t
Ripped me right outta my seat and then grabbed the side of his jeans and then
Pulled out the shotty and all I heard was a screech and he shot my arm into pieces
I’m thinkin' I must be dreamin’, another shot to my chest
And my stomach’s squeezin', my breath or my lungs collapsin
I’m down on my fuckin knees askin' him, “Why?”
He looked at me, I looked him dead in the eyes
And he smashed my face with the barrel
And I throw my teeth to the sky and then uh
I heard a  sound of the shotty cock back
He pressed it hard against my head and blew my fuckin top back
I’m still conscious, I’m breathin'
I’m still movin', no clue as to why I’m not dead
All this blood that I’m losin' and I heard my car drive off
And I looked up and saw the sun and that was all that I saw
Then I heard my conscience tell me, “Get up nigga get up! You’re losin' blood, oh my! Don’t fall asleep or you’ll die! Stay awake and move as much as possible, there’s no time! Find some help or try to yell, you ain’t too well, oh God! Wake up, nigga! Wake up! Wake up, nigga! Wake up…”
You might also like
Woke up at 7, my day was worse than I prayed for
Got dressed, then head out, down the stairs from the eighth floor
New kid in class, he sat alone, takin' notes while my niggas were makin' jokes
At the clothes that his mama paid for
Had no family, but was cool with the local gangstas
Tattoos, and now I’m on parole and probation for breakin' rules
That life was all I knew, all I wanted was to do was cruise
Smoke weed and say, “Fuck school”
Wanted guidance cause all my role models I would look up to
Was indicted a young dude with no logic
I went to church 'till the pastor said, “Fuck you.”
Now I’m violent and this gang that always looked out for me
Vouched for me and adopted me said they wanted to rock wit me
And I wanted to get down, guess there was somethin' missin'
Everything comes with a price, “There’s only one condition:
All you gotta do for initiation is kill an innocent victim and leave em there with no witnesses or no snitches
If you do that, you’d be down with the clique and that’s for life so don’t you ever think you getting outta this shit"
I thought about it
Soakin' up the vibe as I study for information, tryna choose my victim, plottin' the weakest prey
But today on my way to eat lunch, I approached him
And told him we should be cool, if only I got to know him
Cause on this side of town, he would need some protection
It’s crazy reckless or If only, unless he some sort of gangster and he only safe with the police
He said his name was  and I dapped him up at the busses
Was kind of skeptic about me at first cause he didn’t trust me
Then the more he got to know me, he couldn’t tell what my motives were
Hopin’ that I was sincere, but little did he know I was tryna snake him and pop a brick
Just need the perfect opportunity, I’m tired of waitin’
A murder runnin’ through my head, I knew that death was comin’
He introduced me to his family, I was jealous of him
His momma told me “Make sure you look out for my son-“
And before she could finish her sentence I quickly just interjected and said
“Don’t you even stress it. I got him to the fullest, even if that means bullets, bullies, gangs, AKs and choppas till they kill us.”
I was lyin to the fuckin’ limits
Took advantage when he said he had that Honda Civic
A ’93 with no license plates and no registration
Just thinkin’ about every place I’ma go when I finally kill him
And then I asked him for a ride around the block, some distance from where he was parked
And instantly I knew my chance was comin’, I’m ready to drill him
Then he told me, “Let’s go, hop in.”
I dapped him up and started tellin jokes the whole ride there
Had him crackin up
As we were gettin’ closer, he felt funny
I think he knew somethin’ was comin’, that look he had was enough to tell me
But fuck it, go right and drive slow
As he looked, it was all abandoned and quiet
Not a single person in sight and nobody standin
And right when he pulled the car to the side
I said, “Right here, sit still. Turn the car off and chill.”
Then he start to panic, I told him, “Relax.”
Then I pulled the keys out the ignition and hopped out, laughed
His life flash in an instant
I inched to his driver door then he tried to lock it, he couldn’t
And I ripped him right out his seat then I grabbed the side of my jeans and then
I pull out the shotty, I cocked it twice ‘till he screamed
And I shot his arm into pieces, I’m watchin’ his blood leakin’
And another shot to his chest, seen his stomach squeezing
His breath and his lungs collapse and he down to his fuckin’ knees
Askin’ me, “Why?”
He looked at me, I looked him dead in the eyes
Then I smashed his face with the barrel, and I throw his teeth to the sky
And then  sound of the shotty cock back
I pressed it hard against his head and blew his fuckin’ top back24Embed
I been snatchin' purses while I'm rapping in the back of churches
I'm a backwards person, I ain't laughin' don't you act absurd
And I've been havin' urges, ain't no passion
Don't you bastards think you bad at cursin'
I've been bad since birth, been slapping nurses asses
Takin' percs and I've been urgin' to get served in action
Got a nervous itchin' in a serpents kitchen drinking Captain's
While I'm servin' children, different words that's spillin' out the cabinets
In a hurt position this absurd addiction got me laughin'
Spit faster, runnin' with impact 'til your wrists cramp
And break your kit-kat while you play with your kids back
I'm Chris Hansen

Laughin' at addiction,, absurd, in this position
Hurt inside a cabinet, spillin' out words that's fairly different
Servin' children while the captain's drinking in a serpent's kitchen Itchin' from a nerve in action, got served while takin' percs
Ass nurses slappin' since birth, and I've been cursin' bad you
Think you bastards think you got passion, but ain't no urge you havin'
Been absurd action, don't be laughin', ain't no person backwards
I'm at churches in the back rappin' while I'm purses snatchin, nigga

I been chasin' rappers down with pencils, paper books, and stencils
Writin' verses while I pack the pistols in the back of rentals
I wrote my dad's initials, then laughed and then passed it in to, I been half demented breaking shit down to half a sentence
I been half demented, breaking shit down to half a sentence
Fuck the rap Olympics, I murdered the past contenders
I cooked their ass and grill 'em, now you can eat that for dinner
And I used to laugh at niggas for actin' like fags with feelings
Till' I packed a gentlemen's packages filled with acid venom
I bought a toy gun with some bullets wit' plastic in them
Explosives with matches lit em' and left a few fragments in them
I never packed a mac in the back of a Ac(ura) or Sentra or
Lexus with gas unless it’s a Benz with a stack of Benjamins
You might also like
Benjamins and stacks of Benz's and gas for the Lexus or the Sentra, act in the back of the mac when I packed it in it
The fragments lit matches explosives and plastic bullets from a gun toy I just bought for you niggas as y'all been reckless
Venom acid filled with them packages and I'm packagin' them
Faggots in they feelings just actin while niggas laughin'
Eatin dinner seized in the grill and cooked they asses, while contenders pass ‘em, murder Olympics, and rap past them
Sentence down, breaking dimensions in half essentials
I passed and laughed with the pencils I wrote in Dads initials
In the back of rentals I'm pistol packing a stack of stencils in the book, papers and pencils I'm rapper chasin' and-
- hold up

I'm the same nigga that fizzled pop and got ratchet on them
Yeah that same nigga that took a piss in your Arizona
And that same nigga that put acetone in a bag a soap
And then sold it for $40 some pussy and half a soda
And I never paid attention to rappers who actin' bogus
Who lie and say they rich in their songs when their ass is homeless
Then tryna throw dirt on my name just to pass the quota
Till I grab it throw em', bash 'em and laugh when they ass is over
Fuck 'em hard go hustle hard with the hustlers
Cut they jugular so you choke on your tongue and jaw
And I never been a gangster or wanted no trouble, nah
But I'm good with my knuckles punch through a brick and leave dust and all

All and dust, leave a brick punched with my knuckles, nah
But i'm nah, no trouble wanted, a gangster I never could
Your jaw and tongue choke on your jugular
Cuttin' hustlers with the hustler hustle hard
Fuck 'em hard over ass laughin', I'm bashin' my back, fold 'em
Crack 'em till the quota, pass 'em and trash 'em, and laugh over 'em
Homeless ass when they songs trash, and crack closer
Bogus actors who rappin' over the track, hold 'em
Sold a half a pussy, a dollar forty, I sold it for some soap and acetone, and a bath and then blast Both 'em
Arizona piss that I took in a glass of cola
And got ratchet on em, popped em and fizzled, I'm back to soda7Embed
Aw yea, ask em what they call me
I'm the one that paid it for ya hoes ain't get shit all day
Fuck wit me the long way, fuck wit me the long way
And this a one way street bitch you going down the wrong way
Hold up hold up hold up damn, fuck wit me the long way
Ain't nobody wanna get robbed today betta get me a goddam job today
I need food, bread, bitches, head, watch, rent, cars today
I need bullets, clips, guns, shit somebody gon' meet god today

Cause I never had money
Aw yea
Can't take nothin from me
Aw yea
People take me to jail I do time, she said choose ya man with two sides
Fuck yo coup de ville, I want a drop top, they wanna shoot to kill with two 9's
Niggas wanna fold me up like futons, tryna make a bed to sleep, I'm too kind
Ain't no wanna Pistol Pete, I beat pistols pieces, paint pictures piece two times
Fucked up and missed the beat she like hold up
Niggas betta bow down
Plenty bitches and I never get tied down
Either fuck wit me either long or ya die now
Man this is for all my niggas locked down
On that young shit but don't trip
I swear to god I never forget, how much colder is it gon get?
Fuck my nose is bloody, aw yea
Can't take nothing from me, aw yea
You might also like
Aw yea, ask em what they call me
I'm the one that paid it for ya hoes ain't get shit all day
Fuck wit me the long way, fuck wit me the long way
And this a one way street bitch you going down the wrong way
Hold up hold up hold up damn, fuck wit me the long way
Ain't nobody wanna get robbed today betta get me a goddam job today
I need food, bread, bitches, head, watch, rent, cars today
I need bullets, clips, guns, shit somebody gon' meet god today

I'm so paranoid, I don't even go out no mo
Tried so hard to enjoy myself, you don't put in work I do it myself
I proved to myself, so crazy I be annoying myself, true to myself
Feeling so goddamn sick I should sample my own shit and then sue myself
Cause I never had money
So maybe I should rob a couple bank sell a fuckin cigarette break into yo mother place and take like fucking everything and leave you there to suffer man
I swear these niggas done made me mad, all this talking shit oughta made me laugh
Ain't got a work betta pay me back, aw yea

Aw yea, ask em what they call me
I'm the one that paid it for ya hoes ain't get shit all day
Fuck wit me the long way, fuck wit me the long way
And this a one way street bitch you going down the wrong way
Hold up hold up hold up damn, fuck wit me the long way
Ain't nobody wanna get robbed today betta get me a goddam job today
I need food, bread, bitches, head, watch, rent, cars today
I need bullets, clips, guns, shit somebody gon' meet god today
Aw yea, ask em what they call me
I'm the one that paid it for ya hoes ain't get shit all day
Fuck wit me the long way, fuck wit me the long way
And this a one way street bitch you going down the wrong way
Hold up hold up hold up damn, fuck wit me the long way
Ain't nobody wanna get robbed today betta get me a goddam job today
I need food, bread, bitches, head, watch, rent, cars today
I need bullets, clips, guns, shit somebody gon' meet god today3Embed
Niggas feel me from Miami to Chicago
London to Morroco
Niggas claim they rich but I'm the brokest nigga I know
I just play the lotto
Gangstas wanna ride doe
With they guns out tryna plot like blat, blat, blat, blat, fuck your problems bitch
I'm plottin like a psycho
Bitches call me boppo
I like all my pussy with some good head on the side doe
Mercy, mercy on me, with no Murciélago
Bitches blow me like a trombone
I got shawties on the side doe that's OK (that's OK)
I get hoes and that's OK (that's OK, that's OK)
Bitch I'm broke and that's OK (that's OK, that's OK, that shits, that shits, that's OK, that's OK, that's OK, that shits, that shits)
Niggas feel me cuz my team is so colossal
London to Morroco
Soon as I get rich I'm off to mexico for tacos
She just wants some combo, but I ain't got no time doe
I just wanna grab that gun and blat, blat, blat, blat blow my mind out
Bitch could trip and that's OK
She ain't shit and that's OK (thats OK, that's OK)
Oh bitch I'm different that's OK (that's OK, that's OK, that shits, that shits, that's OK, that's OK, that's OK, that shits, that shits, that's OK)

They say he stuntin hard for a nigga with no job ye?
When he get that car get that necklace get them broads ye?
He think he a star sign them posters up and movies shows and late nights at the studios and fuckin all the groupie hoes(g-g-groupie hoes!)
Drinkin all the henny gettin faded huh
I dont drink no vodka but Moscato thats her favorite huh
Two Murciélago's in my driveway with the baddest chicks
They callin me they daddy pimp and then I woke up mad as shit
Hopped up bout the bedroom turn my motherfucking swag on
Supercallaniggaristicesexpeallamagnum
Double cups and twisted think I'm trippin bitch n that's OK
Pray for me if thats the case someone go get pastor mase
They say he wild for a nigga with no burner ye?
Man he pretty down for someone we never heard of ye?
Then along came joyner his subordinates dont get heard in ye
I usually dont get turned up yeah
But this is what they want
You might also like
Niggas feel me from Miami to Chicago
London to Morocco
Niggas claim they rich but I'm the brokest nigga I know
I just play the lotto
Gangstas wanna ride doe
With they guns out tryna plot like blat, blat, blat, blat, fuck your problems bitch
I'm plottin like a psycho
Bitches call me boppo
I like all my pussy with some good head on the side doe
Mercy, mercy on me, with no Murciélago
Bitches blow me like a trombone
I got shawties on the side doe that's OK (that's OK)
I get hoes and that's OK (that's OK, that's OK)
Bitch I'm broke and that's OK (that's OK, that's OK, that shits, that shits, that's OK, that's OK, that's OK, that shits, that shits)
Niggas feel me cuz my team is so colossal
London to Morroco
Soon as I get rich I'm off to mexico for tacos
She just wants some combo, but I ain't got no time doe
I just wanna grab that gun and blat, blat, blat, blat blow my mind out
Bitch could trip and that's OK
She ain't shit and that's OK (thats OK, that's OK)
Oh bitch I'm different that's OK (that's OK, that's OK, that shits, that shits, that's OK, that's OK, that's OK, that shits, that shits, that's OK)

They say he pretty fly for a nigga that stay single eh?
All my bitches whack now I'm back on christian mingle eh
Puffin on them cancer sticks I know it turn you off n shit
But all I do is stress and I can't get the devil offa me (o-offa me)
Stomping out the haters with no Tims on
All my insta crushes wanna keep me in the friend zone
Now it's back to hustlin got no cable or no water
So i'm selling all the cars I stole I might just sell some bars I wrote
I'm from outer space different species of reptilian
Supercallaniggaristicesexpeallalien
Flying through the atmosphere, cruising on you that's OK
Pour some liquor back and pray for all the soldiers passed away
They say he made it for a nigga that ain't stopping ye?
Made it out the hood ended right back in the projects ye?
Wish a nigga would try to get me then I'm plotting
Yeah my chain says it's dead silence, yeah, with flawless stones and diamonds yeah
Niggas feel me from Miami to Chicago
London to Morocco
Niggas claim they rich but I'm the brokest nigga I know
I just play the lotto
Gangstas wanna ride doe
With they guns out tryna plot like blat, blat, blat, blat, fuck your problems bitch
I'm plottin like a psycho
Bitches call me boppo
I like all my pussy with some good head on the side doe
Mercy, mercy on me, with no Murciélago
Bitches blow me like a trombone
I got shawties on the side doe that's OK (that's OK)
I get hoes and that's OK (that's OK, that's OK)
Bitch I'm broke and that's OK (that's OK, that's OK, that shits, that shits, that's OK, that's OK, that's OK, that shits, that shits)
Niggas feel me cuz my team is so colossal
London to Morocco
Soon as I get rich I'm off to mexico for tacos
She just wants some combo, but I ain't got no time doe
I just wanna grab that gun and blat, blat, blat, blat blow my mind out
Bitch could trip and that's OK
She ain't shit and that's OK (thats OK, that's OK)
Oh bitch I'm different that's OK (that's OK, that's OK, that shits, that shits, that's OK, that's OK, that's OK, that shits, that shits, that's OK)3Embed
K-k-k-kato on the track bitch

I go so hard, and that's OK
She's so dope, and what's your name?
I need that, and that's on me
I'm that nigga, and that won't change
Talk your shit, but don't be shy
Fix your lips, you know you fly
Sip that lean, it's only right
Smoke that weed, we both get high
Feels so good, where's your man?
Where's your car, and where's your friends?
Where they went, where you from
I ain't never seen you around here befo'
Damn you so

Marilyn Monroe
Kim Kardashian, Amber Rose
Got a nigga feelin' like Kanye now, I'm Kanye now, I can't let go
(rightneeditneeditright)
Need it right now wanna hit it right now wanna feel you all on me
And I know you wanna see me right now wanna see me right now yeah I know you get lonely
Yeah I bet you wanna turn the lights down wanna do it right now on the late-night creep on the low
Wake up in the morning and you know
You might also like
She don't need me no mo'
She dont need me no mo
She dont need me no mo'
I done hit it like 50 11 times
She dont need me no mo'
Said she dont need me no mo'
She dont need me no mo'
She get hers and I get mine
She dont need me no mo'

Let's keep it real, cause I'm not cold
Young fly nigga, but I got hoes
I got swag, and that's OK
Call me Joyner, and that won't change
Talk your shit, but don't be rude
Fix your lips, you know its true
(You want me, I know you do
Yeah shawty I know you do, I know you do)
Just be you
You dont like niggas? Shit me too
Stacks on deck, racks on racks, shawty getting money, I like that
Ass so fat

Marilyn Monroe
Kim Kardashian, Amber Rose
Got a nigga feelin' like Kanye now, I'm Kanye now, I can't let go
(rightneeditneeditright)
Need it right now wanna hit it right now wanna feel you all on me
And I know you wanna see me right now wanna see me right now yeah I know you get lonely
Yeah I bet you wanna turn the lights down wanna do it right now on the late-night creep on the low
Wake up in the morning and you know
She don't need me no mo'
She dont need me no mo
She dont need me no mo'
I done hit it like 50 11 times
She dont need me no mo'
Said she dont need me no mo'
She dont need me no mo'
She get hers and I get mine
She dont need me no mo'

She told me lose my number now
(she don't need me no mo')
She always gives me that run around
(she don't need me no mo' x3)
I use to beat it down in my mama's house
(she don't need me no mo')
(muffled mix of Pre-Hook & chorus in background)

She don't need me no mo'
She dont need me no mo
She dont need me no mo'
I done hit it like 50 11 times
She dont need me no mo'
Said she dont need me no mo'
She dont need me no mo'
She get hers and I get mine
She dont need me no mo'1Embed
Stompin all up in the rain
Hop up all up in the way
Elephants a couple lions and a zebra
Put the heater’s in your face
And leave you with the monkeys
A banana clip, it’s funny
Watch em pull apart your little face
And I've been in the jungle with the fucking apes
Tell em what i slay
Beast in a cage
Nigga this is what you call Jumanji
Ain't no new Bugatti's
Just a deuce deuce shotty
Big enough to make Bruce Bruce potty
Turnin' Bruce Jenner to a new hobby
I ain't cool with nobody
I don't trust a motherfucking soul nigga
Even let the grim reaper know nigga
Put it on my tombstone when I die here
Take a step inside of my world
27 years still ain't comfortable enough to call a bitch my girl
You are now looking at a monster
85 teeth, 39 deep, 26 piece
Run and light a fucking military with a M-16
Influenced by George Bush
Burn your whole city with a blowtorch
Then I ride out in a tour bus
And I hop out in a Porsche truck
Like blah
Black tie swagger
Black pride nigga
Black lives matter
Black eye shadow
Black nine barrel
Bang bang move back my nigga
Why lie?
Every night I pray to my god
I don't gotta wait to blah blah
And I never gave two caca's
I'm a heavyweight new prime time
In an MMA fight
With a Kimbo Slice for your neck
Then I put my fucking life in the script
It's a movie put my life in the shit
Pack a mag and we could get it crackalackin
Back when I was tryna make it happen-happen
Nothin' happened, nothin' ever shot at rapping
And if that doesn't happen I'ma stack it
Till I turn a pack into another pack
‘Til I sack it up to cap a captain
Big enough to put a fucking bomb inside it
And blow flames on a fire
Be the dragon
Bin Laden ain't got shit on me
I don't think you understand
You are really looking at the devil, nigga
I don't think you wanna dance
Meet me in the clouds and the smoke nigga
I hope nigga you ain't never stood a chance
You ain't never, you ain't never
Could've been should've been would've been
Look at him Joyner Lucas
Stompin' all up in your face
Poppin all up in the bass
Elephants, a couples lions, and a cheetah
But the heaters in ya face
And leave you with the monkeys
A banana clip, its funny
Watch 'em pull apart your little face
And I been in the jungle with the fucking apes
Hunters wanna slay beasts in a cave
Nigga, this is what you call Jumanji
You might also like
Jumanji

Me and my bitch against y'all
So fuck you and your in-laws
Never grew up on Crenshaw
But I grew up on menthols
And I smoke till my fucking lungs squeeze
And I choke till my fucking tongue bleed
In the carpet of yo mom's crib
Till your tubs leaks on them love seats
And this must be what it feels like
When you full force and I'm dead right
And you dead wrong and I'm here like
With my hands wrapped around his like
Goddamn
Black tie swagger
Black pride nigga
Black lives matter
Black eye shadow
Black nine barrel
Bang bang move back my nigga
This is more than a board game
What's Jumanji with a little morphane
The gorillas talking like a torpedo finna knock up on your fucking door frame
Not a problem you was just a floor stain
At the bottom of the ground i'm walking on
I betcha momma teach you not to talk a lot
I betcha ya dog'll teach you not to bark a lot
A lot niggas gotta get it
I've been tryna get it
I'ma tell you bout it, if you gotta minute
Got a minute?
Ayo you gotta minute my nigga?...
...Yo...
Ayo you got a minute?...
Aight...
Back when Iverson was in his prime
I was writing
I ain't wanna get a job
I was dream chasing
I was gettin mine
You was sleeping
I was tryna get a line
Nigga woo
Ayo Joyner...
Let me show you how to keep the dice rolling when you rolling that dice on that Jumanji game, my nigga
Get em!

If you try stopping us
I'll turn into a fucking rhinoceros
And put a dick inside of your esophagus
And poppin shit
And mopping up a nigga
Cock another glocka
Blocka blocka
Blocka!
We the bunch of niggas down in Opa-locka
Put the biggest cock up all up in your momma
Hahaha
When I fall
I'll beat you like a father
Like it's no tomorrow
Bitch you wanna swallow
Holler, holler, holler, holler
Get em!
If you try stopping us
I'll turn into a fucking rhinoceros
And put a dick inside of your esophagus
And poppin shit
And mopping up a nigga
Cock another glocka
Blocka blocka
Blocka!
We the bunch of niggas down in Opa-locka
Put the biggest cock up all up in your momma
I'mma I'mma I'm a nigga
Got a lot of dollar
Make a nigga disappear like voila voila voila
Fuck around if you want!
Lord have mercy13Embed
And what the fuck do I gotta do go to and buy me a mansion? (Huh?)
Fuck is this? (Fuck is this?)
I wasn't supposed to be broke for this long damnit (What a bitch)
And my manager told me, "Nigga, you gon' be rich" (Nigga, you gon' be rich)

That was last year
Now I'm living in the ghetto with the crackheads
Working at McDonald's as a goddamn cashier
Ain't this a bitch? (Ain't this a bitch?)
Liquor got me lightheaded (Yeah)
Sippin' to the light red and
I ain't go to college, I ain't good at nothing else
So if this don't work out then I wonder where my life headed
I ain't got shit
Tired of being stranded
Gotta go and get it
Living in hell, that's a heaven full of bitches
And I'm scared to fall in love but I never will admit it
Shit, I never could'a did it (never)
Point me to the door, I gotta leave
Real cocky to them hoes that say hi to me
Like I'm the best thing you heard
Bitch don't lie to me, don't you lie to me
I tried to play the lottery
Maybe I can hit the Powerball
Cop 50 fly cars, and then drive them all
Just so I can feel like a rich nigga got it all (This nigga got it all)
Bitch you ain't shit, and these broads ain't loyal
Hoes won't relate but these songs ain't for you
You might also like
And the game ain't the same, so along came Joyner
Standing around like you don't get the fuckin' picture
Let me paint it for you, I ain't playin' witchu
Waiting for the Illuminati just so I can get a check
Here's my soul let me trade it to you

'Cause what the fuck do I gotta do to go and buy me a mansion? (Huh)
Fuck is this? (Fuck is this?)
I wasn't supposed to be broke for this long, goddamnit (Shit)
What a bitch (What a bitch)
I said my manager told me, "Nigga, you gon' be rich" (Said you gon' be rich)
Yeah right, I need a mansion on the water
And a yacht for my momma
Throwing party while we're bumping Barry White
Nigga, I just want a mansion (Look where he's from, I'm tired of this man)
I just want a mansion (I can't eat, I'm broke nigga, I'm broke, and you got the power to change that)

Yo, what the fuck do I gotta do to go and buy me a mansion? (Huh?)
Fuck is this? (Fuck is this?)
I wasn't supposed to be broke for this long, goddamnit (What the fuck?)
What a bitch (What a bitch)
And my manager told me, "Joyner, you gon' be rich" (Nigga, you gon' be rich)
A year later, now I'm living in the ghetto with the haters
Working at Denny's as a motherfucking waiter, nigga
Ain't this a bitch? (Ain't this a bitch?)
Liquor got me lightheaded
Sippin' to the light red and
I ain't really got no damn back up plan
So if this don't work out, then I wonder where my life headed
I ain't got shit (I ain't got shit)
Tired of being broke, gotta get it all, plus a nigga need drawers
Gotta hit the mall
Ain't no cameras in the stores so I bend the law (I gotta bend the law)
Point me to the door (Yeah)
I'm winning now
Yeah, I'm tryna get some head
Bitch, it's been a while
And don't be acting brand new cause your friends around ('Cause your friends around)
I'm tryna hit the lotto, thirty million and deposit all
Cop a mansion with a safe and I hide it all
Just so I can feel like a rich nigga got it all
This nigga got it all, it's all paranoia, I got a call from my lawyer
I should've went to prison but the bars ain't for ya
And the game ain't the same, so along came Joyner
Standing around like you don't get the fucking picture
Let me paint it for you, I ain't playing with you
Awaiting for Illuminati just so I can get a break
Here's my soul, let me trade it to you

'Cause what the fuck do I gotta do to go and buy me a mansion? (Huh?)
Fuck is this? (Fuck is this?)
I wasn't supposed to be broke for this long, goddamnit (Shit)
What a bitch (What a bitch)
I said my manager told me, "Nigga, you gon' be rich" (Nigga, you gon' be rich)
Yeah right, I need a mansion on the water
And a yacht for my momma
Throwing party while we're bumping Barry White
Nigga, I just want a mansion (You can have this shit, man, you can have the whole thing, I don't want it, I don't want none of this)
I just want a mansion (I'm up here, losing my damn mind, running up and down the streets for us)1Embed

I used to be all you loved
I used to be all you needed
And I used to be all you dreamed of (Dreamed of)
And I don't know what to do
And baby I'm falling down
And maybe I'm overthinking
And maybe I'm drunker now
Bitch I ain't fucking with you

Don't tell me you love me (Don't tell me you love me)
Girl I don't believe you now
'Cause I don't understand the feeling
(Don't understand it I don't want to be with you no no no)
Don't tell me you love me (Don't tell me you love me)
Girl I don't believe you now
'Cause I don't understand the feeling
(Don't understand it, I don't understand it now, now)
Don't tell me you love me

Give me a moment
And let me tell you how I feel on some grown shit
And I've been drinking Hennessy and seeing clear now
I'm finna tell you how a nigga fuckin' feel now
Bitch you brought me down when I was doing good
All you bring is drama you a drama queen
Don't tell me that you love me 'cause it sounds good
I don't need you're fucking money, wait
(Hold up, gimme that back)
You might also like
Girl, I was just playin', can you call me back?
(Call me back baby, you know how much )
Can you call me back? (You know how much )
Girl, I was just playin', can you call me back?
(Baby, I told you  drinkin' )
Can you call me back?
Girl, I was just playin', can you call me back?
(Call me back, I said I'm sorry baby)
Can you call me back? (*Laughter*)
I was just playin', can you call me back? (I'm sorry babe, I'm so-)
Can you call me back? (You know I'm fucked up right now)
(I'm sorry)

Don't tell me you love me (Don't tell me you love me)
Girl I don't believe you now
'Cause I don't understand the feeling
(Don't understand it I don't want to be with you no no no)
Don't tell me you love me (Don't tell me you love me)
Girl I don't believe you now
'Cause I don't understand the feeling
(Don't understand it, I don't understand it now, now)
Don't tell me you love me

Hey, sorry I missed your call
Um
Just calling you back to...
Let you know that I
I love you
And I miss you
*Cries*
I really- I really want you to call me back
*Cries*
And I'm sorry I missed your phone call
And that I- I- I- I know you're done
So- so, when you get this, can you call me back?
*Cries*
I love you, and I miss you
*Cries*Embed
Yeah, yeah
Who got the yayo? (Who got the yayo?)
Who got the...
Who got the yayo? Who got the yayo? (Who got the yayo?)
Who got the...
Who got the yayo?
Who got the... Who got the...

Who got the yayo? Who got the yayo?
I need some cut when I'm using the scale
I don't sell drugs, it's not really my style
But I need a plan if this music'll fail
So who got the yayo? Who got the yayo?
I know some hustlers I'm cool with in jail
I'll be god damn if I work a real job
I need thousands of dollars the movement is real
So who got the yayo?

Who got the plug?
Promised my auntie I'd never sell drugs
She told me pray if I ever need guidance
The truth was my logic, I never got love
Workin' my ass off to see where it get me
I need some white girl, I need me some Becky
Packets of money, I bet that they'll love me
Cause none of my honeys don't even respect me
Who got the yayo? Show me them niggas
Bitch, I've been rapping since HOV was a dealer
There's too many rappers that no one can hear 'em
And Diddy and Yeezy don't notice a nigga
Don't notice a nigga, tell me who next
Who got that Yayo? Who got that best?
Grandma gon' kill me she find that I'm dealin'
But my time is limited who got the stretch?
250, 350, 550, yeah
I got some heat when they ride with me, yeah
I wanna see what they got for me
Nigga now who got the yayo? don't lie to me, yeah
Don't get it twisted I move and I ain't lost a step
I don't usually get played off the left
I got Hitlers like Adolf that hate on a nigga
Then take off and then its a pill at the 
And I'm cooking like Raekwon the Chef
Poppa told me don't leave cake on the dresser
They playin' not death
Pray on a downfall I hope I fall down
Then they all keep just smilin' then there go my rep
What she gon' say, I need this rap money move out the way
If I don't get famous then who got the yay?
Who got the yay? Who got the yay?
You might also like
Who got the yayo? Who got the yayo?
I need some cut when I'm using the scale
I don't sell drugs, it's not really my style
But I need a plan if this music'll fail
So who got the yayo? Who got the yayo?
I know some hustlers I'm cool with in jail
I'll be god damn if I work a real job
I need thousands of dollars the movement is real
So who got the yayo? Who got the yayo?

Who got the, who got the
Who got the yayo? Who got the yayo?
Who got the yayo? (x2)
Ship me some packages who got the mail
I'll be god damned if my music'll fail
So who got the yayo? Who got the yayo?

Who got the yayo? Who got that coco
I don't know shit about chopping no cholo
Heard you know niggas that cop for the low-low
Be careful them snitches call cops on the low-low
And I just be solo, I just be dolo
Pushing a hooptie, I'm riding a loso
Under the radar, can't look like no target
Them niggas was talking but not anymore doe
Who got the yayo? Who got the crocket?
That Betty Crocker they using then cop it
Burying these niggas, put two in a coffin
I'm usually exhausted the truth is I'm driving
2000-and fucking-5 miles with no choppers around
If I make it from rapping then I can sit down
But the truth is this shit is not promised for now
So I guess I'll just move in wich-y'all niggas
Now gimmie 250, 350, 550, yeah
I need some heat when they ride with me, yeah
I wanna see what they got for me nigga
Now who got the yayo? Don't lie to me, yeah
Don't get it twisted I move and I ain't lost a step
I can spit like I ain't lost a breath
Running this shit with the heat on and ain't broke a sweat
What the fuck is you think you gon' get
Put the cake on my back, bleeding my ink from this pen
In my heart I still think I'mma win
If I don't then I guess I'll just trap out the bando
Move keys a pianos and lay in the sand
What the fuck you gon' say
I need the trap money move out the way
If I don't get famous then who got the yay?
Who got the yay, nigga who got the yay?
Who got the yayo? Who got the yayo?
I need some cut when I'm using the scale
I don't sell drugs, it's not really my style
But I need a plan if this music'll fail
So who got the yayo? Who got the yayo?
I know some hustlers I'm cool with in jail
And I'll be god damn if I work a real job
I need thousands of dollars the movement is real
Nigga who got the yayo? Who got the yayo?

Who got the , who got the
Who got the yayo? Who got the yayo?
Ship me some packages who got the mail
So who got the yayo?
I don't sell drugs, it's not really my style
But I need a plan if this music'll fail
So who got the yayo?
Who got the, who got the, who got the yayo?
Who got the yayo? (x2)
I don't sell drugs, it's not really my style
But I need a plan if this music'll fa-
Who got the yayo?
I never wanted to sell any drugs
Pass the cocaina, cocaine or coquito
That power, perico that product is Deebo
Might need a lot of them kilos
I might need a pound just for me doe
Cause I just be stressin'
I got some problems I'm guessin
I'm crazy you probably think different
I'm high on a mission
Tomorrow ain't promised
So this is just me whippin' pies in the kitchen
The pastor keep preachin' I think keep singing that gospel
Then I look straight through the bible
All of my teachers said rappin' is easy
But being successful is harder than I knew
And I would just nod I said, "Well I'm gonna try"
She looked back at me and stared, "Do what you can"
I said, "Well what if I fail?" She said, "Just do it again"
Do what you fail, don't let the devil inside you
Don't let the ghetto deprive you
Pray everyday, but if you lose all of your faith
Then you must do what you got to
Then you must do what you got to
My nigga got get it, go take it go make it you business
Cause haters don't listen, now who got the flavor
I'm missing, now who got the flavor said

Who got the yayo? Who got the yayo?
I need some cut when I'm using the scale
I don't sell drugs, it's not really my style
But I need a plan if this music'll fail
So who got the yayo? Who got the yayo?
I know some hustlers I'm cool with in jail
And I'll be god damn if I work a real job
I need thousands of dollars the movement is real
Nigga who got the yayo? Who got the yayo?
Who got the, who got the, who got the yayo?
Who got the yayo?Embed
Here’s a little shit I like to call

Self explanatory shit for warriors
Killed your car in the corner
The vicious slaughtered an officer
No applause, then applaud us to
Rip apart the apartment
Kill your father and start with that
Nigga’s noggin’, and I'ma just ahh
Leave it at that, i believe in that rap
In the evening i trap, I’ma keep on leavin'
Cheese for that rat
In the evenin’ I 'm back you bleedin'
Rest in peace with that strap
I’m anemic but eat with the demons
Tellin' jesus I'm back!
Y'all niggas are fucked up
Approach y'all niggas like what’s up?
All my life been broke trynna' get
That dough, lookin' for my come up
And i never seen no chain, no watch
No ring, no bling, no pop up
You ain’t never sold no cain, no coke no pills
No shut the fuck up!
Kinda whip is you riding
What kind of niggas you hiding?
Faggot niggas, you braggin’, listen
What kind of dick is you riding?
Ain’t no competition, i’m popin' fuck
Your proposition, I'm plottin’
Ain’t no pot to piss in, I'm probably pissed
And inside the kitchen with choppers
I'm cursing like a mah’fucker, mah’fuckin’ chillin'
Yeah, i can make your mother fuck me and  go
Fuck her feelings!
I play the power ball, i hope i hit a
Couple of million, just so i can fuck them bitches
Who ain't tryna fuck until then!
My nigga, what you holding? fuck that!
Nigga, that give me them hub caps
That’s more power than  MJ dancin' in Thriller with a blunt like puff that!, killin' the block with a chilla that pop
And I woulda life  prrra prrida tha prapra
Sound of the Glock, like jack in the box
To the match and the Glock, now run fast
I don’t know what you talkin’ bout
Been that nigga that knock him out
Stomp that nigga, i stomp him out
Walk that nigga, now walk him out
Flow like venom in the cold
I’m entering the zone where hoes ain’t friends
With the hoes, and a man get the most shit
From the police and they beat them cops
Pretending to hold that 5-0-8
Walk on water, and drive on lakes
Fly them clouds, i float on bliss, my home
I’m pulling it out you face
You might also like
Yeah, that’s what I like to call
Self explanatory shit for warriors
Killed your car in the corner
The vicious slaughtered an officer
No applause, then applaud us to
Rip apart the apartment
Kill your father and start with that
Nigga’s noggin’, I'ma just ahh
Leave it at that, You can leave it at this:
Squeezing that clip, that's enough to stop your
Breathing that's it, when I'm breathing
I’m sick,when you bleeding rest in peace with that strip
I’m anemic but eat with the demons
Tellin' Jesus that's it!
Joyner's mah’fucker, mah’fuck ya feelings
I can make your mother fuck me then go
Fuck her feelings!
I play the power ball, i hope i hit a
Couple of million, just so I can fuck them bitches
They ain't wanna fuck until then uh

Cause you know then they ain't (Yeah) you know they ain't tryna fuck until you till you get some money
Joyner's mah’fuck, mah’fuckin villain
I can make your mother fuck me then go
Fuck her feelings
I play the power ball, I hope I hit a
Couple of million, just so I can fuck them bitches
They ain't wanna fuck until then uhEmbed

By the system I was raised
Same system that enslaved us and took us all away
Same same system I was trained to put my hands across my heart and pledge allegiance to the grave
The same system that made me sing the national anthem
While the fucking flag hanged
The same system that'll claim innocent lives
Barack ain't made shit change
Nigga fuck this shit, I won't budge!
Shit, I won't budge
They say Rosa Parks was sitting on the wrong bus
And now that Malcolm X is gone, I guess it's on us
Fuck a cop, they gon' kill us then they charge us
They gon' charge us
Pull that fucking badge out and say it's all love
But I got six warning shots to my heart, lungs, face, neck, cough blood
Now they say we all thugs
I guess we all thugs
Ever since the Watts Riots, motherfuckers wanna try us
Everything was all quiet til they crossed us
Al Sharpton keep on talking, nigga do something!
Nigga prove something
So much drama, I just got the fucking goosebumps
Word down to Ferguson, they murderin' the youth young
What the fuck is new, son
This shit gon' make me lose some'n
You might also like
This a war we won't back down
Fuck this country, we ain't treated fair
I should burn the fucking flag down
Yeah, I should burn the fucking flag down
But your victims lash out, they have no clue
But if I protest, a nigga'll put me in a stretcher
Gun me down with my hands up screamin' "DON'T SHOOT!"
Motherfucker, don't shoot!

By the system I was raised
Same system that just killed Mike Brown the other day
Same system that just slayed Sean Bell, Trayvon, Eric Garner, what a shame!
The same system that gon' lie just to cover up the crime, quick to send us to the grave
The same system that'll claim innocent lives
Barack ain't made shit change
Nigga, fuck this shit, I won't budge!
Shit, I won't budge
They say Emmitt Till whistled at the wrong slut
And now that Martin Luther gone, I guess it's on us
Fuck the cops, they gon' kill us then they charge us
They gon' charge us
Pull that fucking badge out, leave a nigga passed out
CLAP PLOW twenty shots to my heart, lungs, face, neck, cough blood
All they do is cross us
Living in the projects, and we all thugs
Now they searchin' through my pockets
Wanna treat me like a hostage
Tryna get inside my conscious like a broad does
If they catch me lookin' wrong, I'm a rebel though
If I got my hoodie on, I'm a criminal
If I got my hands up, that means I probably got a weapon
If they kill me, then I guess that means that it was an exception
This a war we won't back down
And tell the government to kiss my ass
I should burn the fucking flag down
Yeah, I should burn the fucking flag down
We were forced to surrender, they have no clue
But if I protest, a nigga'll put me in a stretcher
Gun me down with my hands up screamin' "DON'T SHOOT!"
Motherfucker, don't shoot!2Embed
Champagne for my real friends
Real pain for my sham friends
(Uh, uh uh uh) Nah
Champagne for everybody (Yeah)
Uh
:
Champagne dreams for them days I was unemployed (uh)
Selling drugs, trying to live, I was stuck in void (yeah)
Wasn't like I wanted to
But what the fuck I'm 'posed to do
When the government ain't giving me no fucking choice?
They ain't want to show us love like them other boys
I was trying to make a change 'til they cut my voice
I was trying to buy a Range 'til they upped the price on me
Try to cut the lights on me like they clubbing boy (Boy)
I can tell ya things, that some people never seen in life
Living lavish, thinks that happiness the key to life
I had a couple bad bitches, I ain't treat 'em right
I had a couple fat bitches I ain't even like
But their conversations was enough to make me sleep at night
Never fucked 'em, but I made sure they were eating right
Only loved 'em 'cause they taught me how to love myself
Gave me something to believe when there was nothing else
Tell me something else
All I know is hell, point me to the riches
It's funny how niggas screaming, money over bitches
But, when them niggas going broke, then it's bitches over money now, oh
Whoa, that's some fake shit, but that's the world that I know
She just want attention, that's the girl that I know (yeah)
I just want a pension, that's a check that I deserve
Share it with my niggas, I ain't stressin' 'bout a bird
All you ever wanted in life was to be a legend
All I ever wanted in life was to be accepted (uh)
All I ever wanted at night was a Lamborghini
'Til I woke from my dreams, and they told me to keep dreamin'
My radio demons
Too much new shit with out a reason (yeah)
Too much music without a meaning (yeah)
But how the hell do I keep believing without achieving
And how the hell do I pledge allegiance without allegiance?
Me and John Lennon by the fire, singing songs
"Kumbaya," wishing that my Lord sing along
Reminiscing 'bout every nigga that did me wrong
Pray to God I don't catch 'em slipping, but this is wrong
This is wrong
We ain't supposed to hold grudges
Forgiven all my enemies for they don't know nothing
This is Sunday school church, this is soul touching
This that old Keisha Cole back in '07
This that Bob Marley dreadlock shit
This that grandma in the kitchen cooking ham hog shit, whoa!
I warned niggas years ago before they cared about me
Like "If you don't hear me now, then you going to hear about me."
But I forgive 'em, I can see them over there watching
And I still got champagne for everybody
Pour it
Champagne for everybody (yeah)
You might also like:
She said
She said "I thought that you were different"
"I thought that you'd be different" (you'd be different)
'I thought that you would be submissive' (nah)
Told you all my secrets while you just pretend to listen
Just so you can have a feast while you fuck me in the kitchen
Man, you cold blooded and maybe other hoes love it
But I ain't other hoes my nigga I'm so subborn
Them fucking with my heart is like touching a cold oven
That shit barely work, you 'bout to get your feelings hurt
Hold up
Close my eyes and I never get lost again
Some niggas cross the line and I never get crossed again
Pigs pulling triggers, these kids won't walk again
And that's the day I promised God that I'd never eat pork again, wait
No money, no commas, always had them problems (I wish)
More money, more problems, wish I had them problems (I wish)
I know that finance you stressing had you at the bottom but at least if you was making dollars, you can have some progress
They told me only time could tell, but I had no options
Eviction notice, I ain't had no options
Young Jeezy bumping, I was on my Tamadotchi
'Til I almost seen the ghost, I was Action Bronson
I just wanted champagne while I crack a lobster
I just wanna see your fucking hands at the concerts
I just wanna see Meghan Good without the nose job
I just wanna see Eva Mendes without the clothes on
And so long to my old kins, and my old friends
And so long to my old bitch and her hoe friends
Shout out to all them hypocritical Christians
Who act like just because I use the words 'niggas' and 'bitches' I can't deliver my message
Come deliver my blessings
Upon evil hide your sins , up in witness protection and
I warned niggas years ago before they cared about me
Like 'If you don't hear me now, then you going to hear about me.'
But I forgive 'em, I can see them over there watching
And I still got champagne for everybody
Pour it
Chapagne for everybody
There you go
:
Can I have everybody's attention, please?
I need to make a toast
A toast to every motherfucker that ever did me wrong
A toast to the basic hoes that played me
And the fuck niggas that slayed me
A toast to the non-believers and the money-hungry creatures who was sitting down eating steaks and lobsters, crabs and didn't even offer me a fucking biscuit with the butter that they give you at the restaurant when you sit at the table
I've been hungry since the days I was able to use music as an escape when my aunt was on Section 8 and got her first apartment
I wanna make a toast to my unborn child, I can't wait to see you smile when you come out
A toast to all my old friends who backstabbed me and spread dirt on my name
Well, I got plenty champagne for y'all
Heh, I got plenty champagne for everybody
I got champagne for everybody!
:
Champagne, champagne 'fore we all go
Champagne, champagne 'fore we all go
Champagne, champagne 'fore we all go
Champagne, champagne
(repeat to fade)1Embed
Go ahead and call me a coward
Say that I'm not strong because I'm not like you
Go ahead and call me crazy
'Cause I live in a maze, tell me how about you?
I think I live in my head
Sometimes I think that I'm dead, I hide behind my youth
Know I been losing my mind
And I'm a little behind, step inside my shoes
'Cause I've never been happy with myself
And I don't need no one feeling bad for me
Tryna to offer me pity and throw jabs at me
Wanna give me advice and then laugh at me
Behind closed doors, just close the door
Let me be by myself—just me and myself
I'm tired of living, I cry
I hear it's easy to die, I wanna see for myself
And I know that sounds crazy to everyone else
But I'm depressed as fuck, stressed as fuck
Ain't no medicine that could cure what's the test as drugs
I mean, I need extra love
And that ain't even enough, said that ain't even enough
And where the fuck is God? (God, God)
Damn, maybe I ain't believing enough
But today, we gonna see if he's real
And if He is, then I guess I'm prolly going to hell
Look, I ain't wanna die like this
I ain't picture my life like this
They don't know what it's like like this
Pretending I'm happy so I can smile like this, and laugh like you
Sometimes I wonder if I ever act like you
Could I finally fit in and maybe relax like, "Woo!"
Or would you feel lost without me?
'Cause honestly, I think the world is better off without me
And my mind's spinning, this is the line finish
Truth is I don't care how they feel about my feelings
I made up my mind, I'm going out like Robin Williams
I guess I'm not the Ordinary People of John Legend
And I've been suicidal since the day I was nine, shit
Okay, the day I was nine
I've been tired of being bullied, couldn't stay out the fire
Grandma told me I should take it one day at a time
And dammit, look at me now, fuck
Fuck, pen runnin' out, shit, fu—, ugh
Look, just know it's a new day
But if you reading this, then it's prolly too late, blaow!
You might also like
Just make sure you tell my family it's okay, I'm sorry
But it's too late, I'm sorry, so much weighing on me
I don't wanna live to see another day, I'm sorry
But I can't stay, I'm sorry, so much weighing on me
Just make sure you tell my family it's okay, I'm sorry
But it's too late, I'm sorry, so much weighing on me
I don't wanna live to see another day, I'm sorry
But I can't stay, I'm sorry, so much weighing on me

I hope you got what you wanted
I hope you finally happy, it's too late for you
Been going out of my mind
You don't know how many times that I done prayed for you
I hope you hear me, goddammit
'Cause I got so much shit that I wanna say to you
I used to shine, now I'm all in the dark
I remember I used to tell you to follow your heart
But goddammit, look at you now, it's all of your fault
How could you? Maybe it's my fault
I shoulda paid more attention to what you been doin'
Maybe I should have been more of an influence
I can't believe that you're dead, I fu–
I read your letter and all I could do is have mixed feelings about it
But I'll forever be attached to you (Damn)
Part of me feels bad for you
A part of me feels like you weak and I'm mad at you
And I don't mean to be insensitive
But I don't understand how we couldn't prevent this shit
You took the easy way out, goddammit, you did
I mean, look what you did, I'm so fucking upset
How could you be so selfish?
Nigga, how could you be so selfish?
Now you're gone, you done left me so helpless
I wonder what God thinks, I hope you in God's place behaving yourself
Yo, what the fuck you gotta say for yourself? (Say for yourself)
Look, I really feel lost without you
I hate the fact you think the world is better off without you
And my mind's spinning, this is the line finish
Truth is: I don't care how you feel about my feelings
And I'd be lying to you if I told you I'm fine, listen
I know that you can hear me, all I need is like five minutes
I just wanna reach inside the casket and pull you out
I'm sorry this is something that we both couldn't figure out
I wish I could hear you now, is your soul missing?
I wonder if you could do it again, would you do it different?
Tell me what death is like
Was it meant for you, brodie? Did the heaven support it?
Are you fucking happy now? Did you get what you wanted?
Isn't this what you wanted? I feel the temperature falling
And you've been suicidal back then you were nine?
Yeah, even back then, you was nine
We was living on the edge, couldn't stay out the fire
Grandma told us we should take it one day at a time
And damn it, look at you now, shit
But it's a new day
And if you can't hear me, it's probably too late, fuck!
Just make sure you tell my family it's okay, I'm sorry
But it's too late, I'm sorry, so much weighing on me
I don't wanna live to see another day, I'm sorry
But I can't stay, I'm sorry, so much weighing on me
Just make sure you tell my family it's okay, I'm sorry
But it's too late, I'm sorry, so much weighing on me
I don't wanna live to see another day, I'm sorry
But I can't stay, I'm sorry, so much weighing on me
Just make sure you tell my family it's okay, I'm sorry
But it's too late, I'm sorry, so much weighing on me
I don't wanna live to see another day, I'm sorry
But I can't stay, I'm sorry, so much weighing on me
Just make sure you tell my family it's okay, I'm sorry
But it's too late, I'm sorry, so much weighing on me
I don't wanna live to see another day, I'm sorry
But I can't stay, I'm sorry, so much weighing on me92Embed

Heaven hell, hella heaven, Sunday school
Mac 11, prison camps, colleges and crash courses
Driving lessons, bad bitches, prostitutes
Death threats, hospitals, gang-banging
Private schools, chains hanging
Drama too, blang blanging
Cultivating new cribs, home invasions
Child abuse, motivation
Talk to God, smoke with Satan
Wedding rings, divorce paper settlements
Court cases, medicine
AIDS victims, Malcolm X, racism
UFOs, airplanes, crop circles, man-made
Demolishing, landscape starvation, pancakes
Skinny jeans, baggy pants
Relationships, back-up plans
White rice, Zatarains
Open lanes, traffic jam
Bloods, crips, Latin kings, intelligence
Lack of brains, negligence
Accolades and skeletons
And plastic veins, lucid dreams
Sleep walking, dry snitching
Streets talking,competition
Police calls in the projects when the beat starts
You might also like
Now put your motherfucking hands up high
(I've been having such a bad week)
Now put your motherfucking hands up high
(I've been having such a bad week)
Hands up high
(That's when opposites attract me)

Let it go
Hella heaven, heaven hell
Falling off, record sales
Balling out, broke as hell, free at last
Back to jail, candy paint
Candied yams, candy canes
Can he pass? Can he reign?
So for real, black teeth, golden grill
Thug life, honest life, real life
Drama life, urban life
Healthy life, broke life
Wealthy life, rag, riches
Riches, rags, fags, bitches
Bitches mad, bad Christians
Hypocrites and half niggas
Niggas half hit the deck
Planet ships, cigarettes
Cancer sticks, Smith & Wes'
Banana clips, niggas death
I'm hearing shit, carnivores
Herbivores, all the wars
All the facts, hieroglyphics
High blood pressure, heart feeling heart attacks
And call the cab, walk the block
Mouth shut, you talk a lot
Open field, car garage
Unemployment, morning jobs
Kill the youth, multiply
Keep it real, falsify
Make a mess, organize
Fake my death, all the time
Now put your motherfucking hands up high
(I've been having such a bad week)
Now put your motherfucking hands up high
(I've been having such a bad week)
Hands up high
(That's when opposites attract me)


They say my temple is a magnet
My brain is a gadget
Yeah my soul is a rapture
This that opposite attraction
I got opposite intentions
I got positive incentive
I should rob a nigga senseless
I hope them cops'll get defensive
There ain't no stopping this I've been it
Fuck yo' confidence I've been sick
Fuck yo' opposition, I'm kinda different, I hop inside a spaceship
I've been lots a different places
Bitch I'm locked into the matrix
Put my thoughts in different cages
Watch me turn portraits into paintings
Who told you right is wrong in your eyes?
Who said wrong is right with no lies?
They said I was wrong the whole time
Turn them lights off its show time
Who told you there wasn't no God?
Who told you that I don't know God?
Who told you that I don't go hard?
I'll give you something big to choke on
I never follow rules and no laws
Turn your fucking head to coleslaw
This that winter flow, that mistletoe, kiss you goodbye, so long
I'm that Martin Rocka 
I'm that Maserati two-tone
Ain't no cavities in this jaw bitch
Ain't no gravity in these songs
And I've been wanting it for so long
They've been talking shit for so long
This my ocean now, when them sharks lurking boats or coast guards
Bitch my coat rocking so raw
This what happens on a two way street when I'm opposite roads cross
All your common sense'll go lost
All your common sense'll go lost
All your common sense'll go lost
Tell me what happened to you?
What have you done? Where your mind at?
Hol' on
Tell your daughter put some clothes on
Tell your son put his coat on
Tell my father pull his skirt down
He ain't did shit for me in so long
Fuck your opinion nigga I'm grown
They don't like the shit that I'm on
Can't accept the fact that I'm grown
Just accept the fact that I'm on
Ain't no evil practice in here
I got Jesus all in my bones
I got angel wings on my back
I got 808's on my track
Shit I been wanting this for so long
They been talking shit for so long
This my ocean now, when them sharks lurking boats or coast guards
Bitch my coat rocking so raw
This what happens on a two way street when I'm opposite roads cross
All your common sense'll go lost
All your common sense'll go lostEmbed
I've never been a gang banger with street killas
If I protect myself, I'll be favoring all these niggas and
I bought my first gun from my homie who tried to sell it
A 9 with a couple bullets, just eyes when I'm out here looking
Trying to find a job to survive so I stop tossing
Hop inside the whip and then drive cause I walk often
Stressing like a bitch, cause I'm tired of my Mom's apartment
I'm Satan in God's office that's.. (alright hold up.)
Shovels to my gravestone, kicking dirt on my coffin
Broke bitches with their hand out, cause they heard I was balling
Fuck me so good, went to sleep, woke in the morning
Six niggas in my face, Guns drawn with no warning
Pistol whip, stomped me and left me like I was dead
I had murder on my conscience, I was plotting on revenge
Circling the block like I know what I need to do
Before I cock the fucking hammer I said what would Jesus do...

Because Christ is not only leader
He was teacher
But not just leader and teacher
He was Christ the redeemer
Christ the restorer
Christ the deliverer
You might also like
Hate's the only motivation, that's how real we made it
Guilty by association, you affiliated
Smoking Newports while I'm riding the Willie Mays
Watch you niggas turn bitch, there's nothing more humiliating
I wonder what my life be like, if I ain't had no hobby
Probably dancing with the Devil, moving like a Jabbawockeez
I just want change, wonder how much that'll cost me
I don't think I have a heartbeat I'm just.. (alright fuck it)
Tempest keep raging my mind, don't ever sleep
See my cousin in the cold, gave him a ride up the street
Blue flashing lights, pulled behind me it's the police
So my cousin reached in his jeans, threw the burner under my seat
They pulled us out the car, got charged with a loaded 9
Cause he told the boys it was mine, I was facing a 5-9
My Mama sold the car, bailed out in a week or two
Before I caught that nigga slipping, I said what would Jesus do...

Not that Jesus is God
Because Jesus never told you to worship Him
He told you to follow Him
And you see, Pastor, when we praise Jesus
He's worthy to be praised, we feel good don't we
But not enough, follow Him
Rappers on TV with jewels,  we idolize them
Picturing myself on the news and paparazzi
Bunch of grimy thoughts, niggas never had no conscience
I've been looking for a jux, being broke is not an option
I've never been violent, I'm shaking just being honest
Especially when my girl ain't working and we was starving
Argue every minute, fighting in a small apartment
She tripping just non-stop and I'm like.. (shh bitch I got to go)
Looking for some pussy to fuck just for one night
Get some anger out my chest and bust until I'm right
Met this shorty at the bar, she was working for some tips
Took me back to her crib and I was nervous as a bitch
Her husband came home and he was lurking in the crib
While I was jerking in his bitch, he grabbed the burner out the 6
Bursting in the room, cocked it back, from me to you wait
Before you pull that trigger think of what would Jesus...
(Gun shots and screams)
You're going to feel, the presence, of God
(Gun shots and screams)Embed
Know what it's like to be half nigga
To be half nigga, to be half nigga
Yeah
Joyner
Joyner

Know what it's like to be half nigga, just a half nigga (yeah)
My white Mom fell in love with a black nigga (damn)
Just a black nigga
A white lady with a colored kid
I don't even understand what my color is
What my color is (what my color is)
Black, White, Brown, and some other shit
Homie say you ain't allowed with us
I don't even want you hanging out with us (nah)
And quit trying to act like you proud of us
If we were slaves back then, you'd be a house nigga
A house nigga (a house nigga)
Wow nigga, know what I hate the most
A bunch of cartoons with some racist quotes
And subliminal messages and racist jokes
Kinda funny how the money not ours (money not ours)
Yeah the money not ours
All the white motherfuckers got power (damn)
While the black motherfuckers got talent
Trying to get respect that'll never be valid (never be valid)
Never be valid
Even if you had level 3 clearance (yeah)
Even if you had Hillary's parents (yeah)
Even if you were a rap star (rap star)
Even if you had 10 cars and
Even if you had a Red Porsche and a 747 with 10 floors and the best whores
Even if you were a ball player, playing for the Clippers
Just imagine how you would feel if you were Doc Rivers
With a boss like the racist motherfucker Donald Sterling
I've been in and out of feelings, how sad is it (how sad is it shit)
Yeah how bad is it, when your boss got billions of cash and shit
And you stuck at the bottom you ain't half as rich
Fighting to be equal in the battle with
Another race in this land full of happiness
Another day trying to race to establish this
Another way, gotta wait for an activist to come say how we feel
Ain't that some shh.. (ain't that some shit) ain't that some shit
But meanwhile I got morals to stand up for
Can't cause I got a daughter to man up for
Gotta bite my tongue (gotta bite my tongue)
While the life is young if you a black entertainer it'd be nice
To run this shit, but you not shit till the fight is done
And that's just with the icing on the cake
If we didn't break, we'd be twice as strong (twice as strong)
But now it's twice as hard
To be a half nigga living in this life of darkness
All the black kids looking at me like I'm awkward
Cause I'm too light to be on one side of the streets
Now I play both parts, like hide and go seek
Malcolm X gave hope of getting out of the streets
And Rosa Parks was never getting out of her seat
I guess we here for life (here for life)
And I heard Mr. Sterling got banned for life, from the NBA
And He can sell the team
If that don't take away the heat from his self esteem
We in a helpless scene and a helpless time
With no help, trying to help decide, if we in hell or a jail
Can't yell or cry, can't scream or tell
But they can tell us lies nigga
You might also like
Know what it's like to be half nigga (a half nigga)
Just a half nigga
My white Mom fell in love with a black nigga(just a black nigga)
Just a black nigga
A white lady with a colored kid
I don't even understand what my color is
What my color is (what my color is)
Black, White, Brown, and some other shit
It's kinda funny how the money not ours (money not ours)
Yeah the money not ours
All the white motherfuckers got power (got power)
While the black motherfuckers got talent (got talent)
Trying to get respect that'll never be valid (never be valid)
Never be valid, just a half nigga(a half nigga)
Just a half nigga
(a half nigga)
(a half nigga)
(a half nigga)
(a half nigga)
(a half nigga)
(a half nigga)Embed
Riding with the riders, with the mileage on the pilot
Couple bottles and some models and some condoms we be wildin'
Choppers in the closet, for the watchers who be plottin'
Watch me burn this shit down, like Sodom and Gomorrah
My mama and father had some problems but regardless
It was obvious, I would be a fucking monster and a goblin
Killers move in silence but gorillas move with violence
And my niggas move with choppers, and maracas, and Obama’s
And the time here, llamas and the Tommy guns
Tomorrow never promised but I'm promising your time is up
Line em' up, eeny, meeny, miny, grab a shotty, everybody's fucked
Heard your bitch a hottie but she proudly, will not prolly fuck
Stomping out you soul until body jump, copy cut
Semicolon, space, point, comma, what? I'm a nut
Wave strong enough to fucking stop a truck
Smack you with a hockey puck, rip your fucking pockets off your Hollister

Climbing through your windows with a hollow pipe, I can't wait for tomorrow night
Ninja blades, twin razors and an army knife, I can't wait for tomorrow night
Ski mask rubber gloves, cutting all the lights, I can't wait for tomorrow night
Vest on, suited up like an armored knight, I can't wait for tomorrow night

Yo, I try and, I try and tell these niggas man
They not, they not fucking with me man, I, you know what I mean?
I've been doing this shit since I was like 9, 10, you know what I mean?
I can do this in my sleep nigga shit
You might also like
Son of an artist, I'm fucking bonkers, I roam with bosses
Fucking your daughters, your mothers, aunts, in your uncle’s office
Born in a carriage a couple horses while jumping off em'
The cops chasing, I fucking lost em' that's fucking awesome
Joyner the puppet master, I'm stabbing your lung and fracture your back
Till your nuts will crack in your sack to your fucking bladder
Funny how now suddenly everyone's a bunch of rappers
They just a bunch of band wagon hopping faggot maggots
Got magic racket, hacky sack it's in my khaki jackets
A cream colored hat to match it with it after taxes
These little hoes know my name they don't have to ask it
The rap assassin, I'm action Jackson the cash attack a freakaziod
Frankenstein, eat the boy, follow me on Twitter catch me at the BET award
Looks can be deceiving I'm the daemon in your ouija board
Sneaking through your basement I be creeping and I never make a freaking noise

Climbing through your windows with a hollow pipe, I can't wait for tomorrow night
Ninja blades, twin razors and an army knife, I can't wait for tomorrow night
Ski mask rubber gloves, cutting all the lights, I can't wait for tomorrow night
Vest on suited up like an armored knight, I can't wait for tomorrow night2Embed
Some boi no knew nutna bout nutna
Nutna bout nutna
Nutna bout nutna

Aye, what you know about stunting?
What you know about lame ass niggas always talking bout money?
What you know about stray bullets hitting when you never seen it coming?
What you know about Joyner Lucas all up in the streets to the flooding?
To the bass, ba-ba-ba-ba bass till you running down a motherfucking tunnel?
What you know about the cops on the corner tryna knock a nigga hustle?
What you know about Illuminati, everybody working for the devil?
Feeling dead but I'm working for the living
I be in a spaceship getting-getting-getting litted
I be Trinidad James, nigga-nigga-nigga, listen
What you know about riding?
What you know about a check even though a nigga really don't got it?
What you know about the boys at your door while you hiding in the closet?
Pray to God they don't ever catch you slipping or falling
Balling on a budget with my windows tinted
And you ain't seen nothing, nigga, you ain't seen nothing

What you know about money from the chop?
Hustling on the grind nonstop
In the street, but the heat make it hot
Looking out for the cops on the block
You know nothing bout slanging them rocks
Taking hits from nothing to the top
Lock it down and setting up shop
Getting all that paper and stock
You might also like
Don't you know that I be riding solo?
Making money, staying high with pure dro
What you know about the dough that we blow?
Don't play no games, I tell these niggas lay low

Yeah, what you know about rhythm?
What you know bout an east coast nigga with a sound so trilla?
Don't you know I'm Mike Jack, call you looking at the man in the mirror
What you know about a party? Everybody throw your hands to the ceiling
To the bass, ba-ba-ba-ba bass and you feel it in your motherfucking fingers
What you know about Picasso? I think another picture being painted
And what you know about drinking to the pain? All you do is get faded
What you know about rapping all day and you dedicate your life to a dream that ain't paying and knowing there's a big chance you could never ever make it?
That's fucked up, ain't it?
And what you know about waiting even if a nigga really impatient?
I got love for the hood even though I wish I was really in Vegas
With bad bitches in the water, I be deep sea swimming
To wake up in the car with my windows tinted
And you ain't seen nothing, nigga, you ain't seen nothing

What you know about money from the chop?
Hustling on the grind nonstop
In the street, but the heat make it hot
Looking out for the cops on the block
You know nothing bout slanging them rocks
Taking hits from nothing to the top
Lock it down and setting up shop
Getting all that paper and stock
Don't you know that I be riding solo?
Making money, staying high pure dro
What you know about the dough that we blow?
Don't play no games, I tell these niggas lay low

What you know about pain?
What you know about living on the edge, ain't nothing gon' change?
What you know about standing on the corner, tryna hustle all day?
What you know about scraping up change so your supper get paid?
At your door, knock knock knock-knock-knock and your landlord banging for the rent
What you know about waiting for a prayer that ain't never get sent?
What you know about trusting nobody? We ain't never been friends
You ain't never shook hands with the fans
I be in the bad bitches put they ass on my hands
I be on that low soul, d-d-d-d-d-d-damn
What you know about Joyner? (what you know about him?)
Nah, what they know about Busy? (Busy, what up, my nigga!)
Dead Silence! Joyner!
You ain't know about it

What you know about money from the chop?
Hustling on the grind nonstop
In the street, but the heat make it hot
Looking out for the cops on the block
You know nothing bout slanging them rocks
Taking hits from nothing to the top
Lock it down and setting up shop
Getting all that paper and stock
Don't you know that I be riding solo?
Making money, staying high with pure dro
What you know about the dough that we blow?
Don't play no games, I tell these niggas lay lowEmbed

I got a girl, she dope as hell (Dope as hell)
She wear that Gucci, That Louis, Chanel
Shorty so right can't even deny (even deny)
Booty so fat you can see from the side (see from the side)
I'm just a guy, I'm just a man
Lotta things 'bout me she won't understand
I think I'm so used to being alone
Now I have urges to cheat on the low
No, It ain't cool
No, It ain't life
No, I ain't saying that shit is alright
But it was only supposed to be once
Now I got more than one chick on the side
Feel like a dick
Feel like a cheat
Wonder how'd I feel like if that was me
Knowing they fearing, I know that It's wrong
Ain't no excuse and I feel like a dog

Then my phone rang, my phone rang
Got me using code names, I'm so ashamed
Now my girl lookin' at me so strange, say I won't change
Oh na na
Now I'm layin' there with my lover and she starin' and me oh
You might also like
And I think she knows
Yeah I think she knows
And I think she knows
I think that she know whats up
I think that she know enough
Yeah I think she knows

I'm para-I'm para-I'm paranoid
I must admit
Real mixed emotions that I gotta fix
When she at work I be losing my mind
Feeling like she know the truth and I'm blind
Taking my time, I got a plan (I got a plan)
Plus I'm afraid that she won't understand
If she found out then I'd be on my own
Fighting these urges to cheat on the low
No, it ain't real (No, it ain't)
No, it ain't cool
No, I ain't saying that this is the move (This is the move)
But it was only supposed to be once ('Posed to be once)
But that one night just turned into a few
I'm such a dick
Feel like a cheat
Wonder how'd I feel like if that was me (If that was me)
Knowing they fearing, I know that it's wrong
Ain't no excuse though I feel like a dog
Then my phone rang, my phone rang
Got me on some code names, I'm so ashamed
Now my girl lookin' at me so strange, say I won't change
Oh na na
Now I'm layin' there with my lover and she starin' and me oh

And I think she knows
Yeah I think she knows
And I think she knows
I think that she know whats up
I think that she know enough
Yeah I think she knows

Then my phone rang, my phone rang
Got me on some code names, I'm so ashamed
Now my girl lookin' at me so strange, say I won't change
Oh na na
Now I'm layin' there with my lover and she starin' and me oh

I've been so selfish, I've been so blind
I feel so stupid, I don't know why
I got a good girl at home
And I know she love me so much
And she know I'm up to no good, no good
And I think she knows
Yeah I think she knows
And I think she knows
I think that she know whats up
I think that she know enough
Yeah I think she knows1Embed
Just because
Just because

No, smoke, damn
I just, wanna, vibe
Wanna, ride, we get, ghost, yeah
Pour it, drink it, coast, yeah
No, smoke, damn
I just, wanna, vibe
Wanna, ride, we get, ghost, yeah
Pour it, drink it, coast, yeah

When's the last time that you called just because?
Said hello just because?
When's the last time we got drunk just because?
When's the last time that we fucked just because?
You promised you won't change up just because?
I know you work in the morning
But tonight girl we should stay up just because
Pop some champagne in the tub just because

I said when's the last time we made love just because?
Just cause we ain't got shit to do
Lately you been so predictable
I just need, I just need someone to listen to
Damnit, I miss when you strip for no reason
I mean just for no reason
Shopping and buying me gifts for no reason
Now all you do is throw fists for no reason
That shit's so depressing, I miss how it used to be
Now you just got used to me
Used to how usually you get when I'm in your space
Now it don't feel like our vibe is the same
I think we so routine, it's disgustin'
Lately girl, we been so structured
I mean how can we be so reluctant
I just want the same person I fell in love with
You might also like
Cause when's the last time that you called just because?
Say hello just because?
When's the last time we got drunk just because?
When's the last time that we fucked just because?
I promise I won't change us just because
Let's be real just because
Chef up a meal in yo heels just because
Throw on some Netflix and chill just because
Tell me when's the last time we went out just because?
Left the house just because?
When's the last time I went down just because?
When's the last time you got loud just because?
Tell me when's last time I said I'm proud just because?
Make you smile just because?
Act like some kids and play house just because
Throw on some jams and get loud just because

Just cause you're special, don't let your job get the best of you
That's when you get the best of me
I feel we ain't been connecting mentally
I hope that you don't think any less of me
Dammit, I miss when you strip for no reason (just because)
I mean just for no reason
Showers at night, candles lit on some sweet shit
Now all we do is throw fists for no reason
That shit's so depressing, I blame myself, maybe it's my fault
Fuck it girl, just take your top off
That make up sex, wake up next morning and hop on that spaceship
Cruise all of the places that got lost in translation
Let's take your mind off it
Lately girl we been so structured
I'm so in love, I just need you to trust it
You just want the same person you fell in love with
Cause when's the last time that I called just because?
And said hello just because?
When's the last time we got drunk just because?
When's the last time that we fucked just because?
I promise I won't change up just because
You know I work in the morning
But tonight girl, we should stay up just because
Pop some champagne in the tub just because
Hold up, when's the last time we went out just because?
Left the house just because?
When's the last time I went down just because?
When's the last time you got loud just because?
Baby, when's the last time I, hehe (just because)
Make you smile, just because
Act like some kids and play house just because
Throw on some jams and get down just because
Just cause, I love you

No, smoke, damn
I just, wanna, vibe
Wanna, ride, we get, ghost, yeah
Pour it, drink it, coast, yeah
No, smoke, damn
I just, wanna, vibe
Wanna, ride, we get, ghost, yeah
Pour it, drink it, coast, yeah
Hey, um, it's me again
I've been calling you all night
And you haven't called me back, like
I guess you really don't love me anymore
You always do this shit, yo (just because)
You always fuckin do this shit

Just because
Just because
Just because
Just because
Just because
Just because
Just because
Just because

When's the last time that you called just because?
Say hello just because?
When's the last time we got drunk just because?
When's the last time that we fucked just because?
I promise I won't change up just because
I know you work in the morning
But tonight girl, we should stay up just because
Pop some champagne in the tub just because
Hold up, when's the last time we went out just because?
Left the house just because?
When's the last time I went down just because?
When's the last time you got loud just because?
Hold up, when's last time I said I'm proud just because?
Make you smile just because?
Act like some kids and play house just because?
(Just because though) I love you

Yo wassup, this is Joyner
I'm unable to take your call right now
Leave me a brief message and I'll get back to you, peace

Hey baby, this is Grandma
I just called to check in on you, make sure everything is okay
I haven't heard from you, give Grandma a call back, I love you5Embed
(My nigga MOOSE)
Joyner (Joyner)
Yeah
Ayo ('Cause I never had shit)
This song right here for all the broke motherfuckers (Joyner), the poor motherfuckers
Who ain't never had
Who ain't never had shit

Rock bottom
Been rock, rock bottom (I never had shit nigga)
Bang, rock bottom
Bang, rock, rock bottom (Nah, never had shit nigga)
Bang, rock bottom
Bang, rock, rock bottom (I never had shit nigga)
Bang, rock bottom
Bang, rock, rock bottom (Cause I never had shit nigga)
Bang, rock bottom
Bang, rock, rock bottom (I never had shit nigga)
Bang, rock bottom
Bang, rock, rock bottom (Nah, I never had shit nigga)
Been rock bottom
Been rock, rock bottom (I never had)
Been rock bottom
Been rock, rock bottom
You might also like
Man I never had shit
I never had cake
Used to sell drugs but I never had weight
Livin' life fast like I never had breaks
Speakers on blast like I never had base
I never had friends, keep my enemies close
Roll the windows up if whenever we smoke
My niggas stay high they can never be low
And I lie to my bitch like I never had hoes
Never wish jail or death on a nigga
I never had tears or respect for a teller
I never did a beer till the cops come and get 'em
Even 27 years couldn't stop Mandela
But I never cooked crack
Never took slack
Run away from home and I never looked back
Broke ass nigga livin' life on the bottom
I was tryna touch a mil and put my mama in a condo
Up in Beverly Hills, maybe down south
Never been a funny nigga why start now
Dreams of a Bentley with a top drop down
Tryna take my shit, then it's po-po-pow
Never been a thug but I'm real acquainted
And you will never feel how real my pain is
And all your new shit sound real outdated
This is real rock bottom for the tears I tasted
Cause I never had shit nigga

Rock bottom
Been rock, rock bottom (I never had shit nigga)
Been rock bottom
Been rock, rock bottom (Nah, never had shit nigga)
Been rock bottom
Been rock, rock bottom (I never had shit nigga)
Been rock bottom
Been rock, rock bottom (Cause I never had shit nigga)
Been rock bottom
Been rock, rock bottom (I never had shit nigga)
Been rock bottom
Been rock, rock bottom (Nah, I never had shit nigga)
Been rock bottom
Been rock, rock bottom (I never had)
Been rock bottom
Been rock, rock bottom

Nah, I ain't never been a rat (rat?)
Nah, I ain't never have no money put the pennies in the bag
Cause I never had a stack (stack?)
Nah, I never been a bitch nigga, never had a pad
You ain't never have a bag (bag?)
You ain't never rode a bus, prolly never took a cab, gettin' ride from your dad
But your momma at work takin' money out her purse tryna pay for some work
Cause you never wasn't nothin' but a spoiled motherfucker
Tryna follow where your friends and magnolia motherfuckers
But you never give respect of a loyal motherfucker
You just want to be down, wanna live fast
Run away from home and don't ever look back
Dreams of a beast livin' life in a city
I'm just tryna touch a mil and put my momma in a mansion
All the way in Miami, maybe in the hill
Never had a job but the nigga got bills
And niggas run they mouth 'till the shit get real
And the thugs come out with the p-p-pill
Never been a thug but I'm real acquainted
You will never feel how real my pain is
And all your new shit sound real outdated
This is real rock bottom for the tears I tasted
Cause I never had shit nigga
Rock bottom
Been rock, rock bottom (I never had shit nigga)
Been rock bottom
Been rock, rock bottom (Nah, never had shit nigga)
Been rock bottom
Been rock, rock bottom (I never had shit nigga)
Been rock bottom
Been rock, rock bottom (Cause I never had shit nigga)
Been rock bottom
Been rock, rock bottom (I never had shit nigga)
Been rock bottom
Been rock, rock bottom (Nah, I never had shit nigga)
Been rock bottom
Been rock, rock bottom (I never had)
Been rock bottom
Been rock, rock bottomEmbed
Yo wassup, this is Joyner
I'm unable to take your call right now
Leave me a brief message and I'll get back to you, peace

You know, you really piss me off sometimes
I spent all night waiting for you to come home
And I've woken up without you
I don't know where you are or why you're not answering your phone
But I'm starting to get worried
I really hope you're not pissing away the last of our money
At the stupid casino again
Because you know my next check won't be here 'til the third
And we literally have nothing right now
If you did go to the casino and you have more money, then I guess

Get the, fuck, off, of my, dick, ho, fuck you mean? (Woo)
I don't think you notice what you done to me (Yeah)
Yeah I think you should know that you are under me
If anybody got a problem, tell 'em they can come to me
What the fuck you mean? This is not allowed (Ayy)
Better calm it down (Woo)
Cause all you new niggas just watered down
I can see through you like a muh'fuckin' ultrasound, woo!
Okay, be ready to hold up then, I'm ready to roll up on them
I'm ready to mow them, make your motor spin
I'll blow the boat up then be gone and wonderin' what you noticin'
A couple of hoes that I've been boning since a nigga was only ten
I'm tryna to get all up in that pussy harder than my youngin' (Woo)
You fallin' and you love it (Yeah)
Can't stand the heat but you all up in the oven (Sha)
I remember when I used to ball on a budget
(Hol' up) Now wait a minute (Woah)
You finally got some paper, couldn't wait to get it (Yeah)
And it don't really matter 'cause you're still lame
No matter how much cake you got, it wouldn't make a difference (Don't matter)
I'm tired of all you rappers wantin' free verses
The fuck up outta here, this how I make a livin' (This how I make a livin')
I dive up in that pussy like Jamaican niggas (Bumbaclot)
I spend all of my dollars on some Laker tickets (Yeah)
I think if I die young, they gon' miss me too
I think I'ma buy guns, maybe empty two (Bla, bla, bla)
I think I'ma sell drugs to the kids at school
I think I'ma get buzzed if it gets me through
I think I'ma need to hide if they know where I live (Yeah)
I think I'ma drink and drive til' I total the whip (Woah)
I think I'ma get high, give her all of the dick
Even if she ain't mine so she knows what it is, wait (She know what it is)
(She know what it is) Hold up though, I'm ready to roll up on them
I'm ready to mow them, make your motor boat
I blow the boat up then be gone, I'm wonderin' what you notice though
A couple of hoes that I've been bonin' since a nigga was on it though
My nigga, what's your worst fear? I been running from the start
Scared to be a man, tryna hustle in the dark
Running down the stairs, gotta hustle every March
Eating supper, getting filled, watching "Rumble in the Bronx"
I slip inside into the puddle of your heart
Nigga I don't trust you plus you never play the part
I been living in the ghetto where the devils pray to God, nigga
(Hol up, hol up) I said
I been living in the ghetto where the devils pray to God, hold up
(Hol up, hol up) Mm
I been living in the (wait wait)
Yeah, look
Get the, fuck, off, of my, dick, bi-, wait a minute (wait a minute)
I'ma fuck your bitch to let my neighbor hit it (neighbor hit it)
She told me, "Maybe we could go on a date"
I told her, "No way, but we could say we did it"
Heh, I'm such a lost soul
Even my mom knows, that's why she hate a nigga (hate a nigga)
Yeah, I'm such an asshole
Even Superman couldn't save a nigga (Joyner)
Get the, fuck, off—of my cock
You might also like
Yo wassup, this is Joyner
I'm unable to take your call right now
Leave me a brief message and I'll get back to you, peace16Embed
No cash still niggas trynna eat off my plate
Lord, so sorry for the things that I say, didn't know things 'd turn out this way
All alone in this world so I made mistakes. Fuck, I messed up, I tried my best
I admire my best cause they say the best things come straight from the chest
Almost caught a bullet went straight through my chest
So thankful vest and thank to the chick who played me and made me realize I ain't shit
Just a nigga trynna make it and if I ain't got it, imma take it, if you got it imma chase it
Imma robber in the making, but my head keep ringin'. Heh
Somebody talkin' about me again probably just another nigga trynna out me again
Probably just a hater that just won't allow me to win
Got me sippin' on this bottle of gin, thinkin' bout my role model again
But what would my nana think if I was following him?
Staring at these twin hollows again damn
What a nigga gotta do to make life worth livin'?
Is worth life livin',  I ain't like most niggas Iont think that
Me and you cool, I mean we used to back when you was you and I'm still the same
A lot of people change, with a whole lot to lose and a whole lot to gain that's just game, that's just the game
We all gonna break, I stay rollin' up, I hate growin' up
But wait hold it up, damn look at yo smile, I love it when you smile
Yeah, I love it when you smile, it reminds me of a child
It remind me of a child, it remind of the belt and I probably like you cause you remind me of myself
I'm all grown up, you all grown up
Don't cry though we been through a lot, so what?
We can make it through whatever, that's what I used to tell you, whenever you was down
But now it's whatever and everytime I talk to you, shit, it's whatever, whatever
But I can't say I wish I never met you, but I wish I never wish I let you get the best of me ever
Whatever, might as well say goodbye to yourself cause in the end
All a nigga really got is himself, true, I used to be down with O.P.P
Until other people's personalities told me some otherwise but otherwise don't quote me
Show me, I never let a nigga control me, that's O.D. what
And Imma tell you like, Barack told me
Heh heh listen check, I gotta call em' like I see em
Lil cousins only two swearin' next time imma teach him
Kids only three cursin' that's what y'all teach em
Turn around and beat him kinda hard to believe it
Cut friends off cause Ion't really need em plus Iont really seem em
And iont wanna be em
I want a relationship, but I don't really need it now
Cause I got two reasons, Iont trust nobody and you ont trust me either and I don't blame you
Cause I don't trust me neither, anything you could do, I could do sweeter
And revenge is sweet, sweet like sugar, Ice tea can't (unavailable)
I don't want to hear all of that shit, wordYou might also likeEmbed
I don't wanna be nothin' like you
I don't wanna be just like you
I don't wanna be anything like you
I don't wanna be just like you
Look, I don't wanna be no fuck nigga
I don't wanna sell drugs, nigga
I don't ever wanna fuck mad hoes
And then claim I can't find love with 'em
I don't wanna be no super thug
I don't ever wanna get tripped up
I don't wanna get drunk and high
And spend all my time in the strip club
Look, I don't wanna ever go to jail and shit
Serve time and get bail and shit
Be a bum and start stealing shit
Fuck around and die and go to hell and shit
Yo, I don't wanna be jobless
And I don't wanna be heartless
Run around, tryna start shit
Pickin' fights, thinkin' I'm hot shit
Yeah, I don't wanna become vengeful
And I ain't into what you're into
Pray to God I don't run into
Someone just like you, my one issue
Hope one day, that shit does hit you
'Cause you so goddamn judgemental
And I don't wanna... look...
You might also like
I don't wanna be nothin' like you
I don't wanna be anything like you
I don't wanna be just like you
I don't wanna be anything like you
I don't wanna be caught just like you
I don't wanna be just like you
I don't wanna be just like you
I don't wanna be nothin' like you

Uh, I don't wanna be hopeless
A pretty girl with no focus
A single mom with like four kids
Never had much, never owned shit
And no school and no diplomas
Dropped out and don't know shit
Steady sticking my nose in on your business
Spreading rumors, uh
I don't wanna be chasing guys
Half ratchet, half sanctified
Giving all your friends lame advice
Always going out, can't stay inside, yeah
I don't wanna become trite
Content with my fucked up life
Little attitude, actin' uptight
Never had a clue, but I love fights
No, I don't wanna smoke cancer sticks
Going out every chance I get
I love the truth but can't handle it
Tryna cover bruises with bandages
But I hope one day, that shit does hit you
Cause you so damn judgemental
And I don't want...
I don't wanna be nothin' like you
I don't wanna be anything like you
I don't wanna be just like you
I don't wanna be anything like you
I don't wanna be caught just like you
I don't wanna be just like you
I don't wanna be just like you
I don't wanna be nothin' like you

I need someone to look up to
A role model I can run to
When I feel lost and I'm confused
And I'm out of touch with my young roots
I need confidence so that I can get
And I love you and your common sense
'Cause lately, I've been tryna live this thug life
And I'm not convinced
Look, I love how you handle your own
Glad you are the king to your own castle
You handle life when it's thrown at you
Never curl up, never faux fragile
I need you to be here, regardless
Teach me how to be there for my kids
Show me how to be fearless often
I need real guidance, I ain't scared of options
Because of you, I've got a clearer conscience
Because of you, I'm not scared of monsters
Because of you, I'm not afraid of failure
When life was blurry, you made it clearer
And God forbid, if you died now
I know that I'd be well taken care of
I know you'll be there waiting for me
I just wanna be just like you
I wanna be anything like you
I wanna be just like you

Fuck you doing in this motherfucker, huh?
Who sent you here?
Why you keep fronting like your friends are here?
Acting like you ‘bout to be next this year
I mean the food gone, ain't nothing left to share
We done ate that shit
Funny how they told me to stack this year
Now a nigga get colder than central air
And your momma shoulda aborted you and left you there
Damn, I need a massage
Where the gay bitches when I need a ménage?
She said she got a porn tape that I needed to watch
And I remember days where I couldn’t even get by
Uh, I couldn’t even get mine
Couldn’t pull a fine chick to save my life
And ain’t nobody want to go with me to the prom
And now I got so many hoes I can’t even decide
Real shit, believe it or not
The light skins love me like I’m Chico DeBarge
And I ain’t give a fuck if you’re sleeping or not
Time to wake niggas up, whoo!
Fuck you talking ‘bout?
I be fronting to these hoes like I’m rich
And they don’t know I got a room at my momma’s house
You know it's always something 'bout the impressive ones
Working all week for my check to come
And I ain’t make shit after taxes though
But it feel good not to stress so much
Know it’s something coming in for now
And I can get my son a Nintendo now
Couple shirts and a damn Netflix account
That’s it? (Goddamn) yep, but that’s okay
I know that I’mma be alright, I ain’t rich for now
But I got dreams I could live for now
And there’s a whole lot of niggas doing worse than me
And that’s as good as it’s gonna get for now, cause
You might also like
I ain’t got much but I feel loved
Just be real love, just be real love, just be
I ain’t got much but I feel loved
Just be real love, just be real love, just be (yeah yeah yeah)

I got work
I could split heads in a drive-by first
Blow your damn brains in your tie-dye shirt
And I ain’t been the same since I got cursed
I gave my CD to Bad Boy and I got curbed (damn)
So when you see Diddy, tell him I got words
My shrink keep telling me to calm my nerves
But it’s been a long time since I got heard
And don’t nobody give a fuck when you starving though
They don’t answer me when I’m hollering though
Try to cancel me like "The Cosby Show"
Until I put them hands on them like Rousey though
I got a hundred fans waiting in the lobby line
Taking shots like it’s party time
Hands up, ain’t nobody got to die
I just got four rings like the Audi sign
I just bought cocaine for a nigga to flip
Real shit, the bigger the brick
Now these hoes looking at the flick of the wrist
And I can take your girl out to chicken and shrimp
She said my head so big I could live in a blimp
Word? Heh, well listen to this
I remember watching "MTV Cribs"
Thinking how the fuck all these wack niggas get rich
While I’m eating TV dinners
You know, the ones with the meat in them?
Pause, I kinda wonder what they see in them
Got laid off from a job, it was seasonal, geez
I think I’ma need a hit for now
We all got dreams we could live for now
But there’s a whole lot of niggas doing worse than us
And that’s as good as it’s gonna get for now, cause
I ain’t got much but I feel loved
Just be real love, just be real love, just be
I ain’t got much but I feel loved
Just be real love, just be real love, just be (yeah yeah yeah)

And I’m feeling way, way up
And I’m looking way, way up
And my bitches way, way up
They miss that yeah, yeah, yeah
And she want that yeah, yeah, yeah
And I got that yeah, yeah, yeah
And we on that yeah, yeah, yeah
Said I’m feeling way, way up

Hold up, pause
We was trying to eat till they told us "Nah"
I wonder how much a pair of Pradas cost
With the ice cream, bottles and the Häagen-Dazs
Somebody getting robbed while this song is on
We just want cheese and the parmesan
I got a bitch at Mickey-D’s, she be working at night
And she gon’ let me hit it with pajamas on
Yo why these niggas think I’m playing with them? Let the paper hit them
You be copying, that's plagiarism
I be laying, sitting, standing on a fucking hater, kick him in the face
Them niggas got me twisted, I ain’t saving bitches, I got Sega Genesis
And I can play and finish if you want to pay attention
I’m hoping you wait a second, I’m broke and I pay the rent
I don’t know how I freakin' do it, I guess I don’t really believe in losin'
I’ve been a winner since I was a little nigga, nigga!
Hold up, stop
We was trying to win 'til they told us "Stop"
The cops ran in trying to hold up spots
‘Cause we were moving more O’s than a donut shop, whoo!
I’m pissed for now
I thought I had dreams I could live for now
They told me there was niggas doing worse than me
Motherfucker this as good as it’s gonna get for now, ‘cause
I ain’t got much but I feel loved
Just be real love, just be real love, just be
I ain’t got much but I feel loved
Just be real love, just be real love, just be (yeah yeah yeah)

And I’m feeling way, way up
And I’m looking way, way up
And my bitches way, way up
They miss that yeah, yeah, yeah
And she want that yeah, yeah, yeah
And I got that yeah, yeah, yeah
And we on that yeah, yeah, yeah
Said I’m feeling way, way up
And I’m feeling way, way up
And I’m looking way, way up
And my bitches way, way up
They miss that yeah, yeah, yeah
And she want that yeah, yeah, yeah
And I got that yeah, yeah, yeah
And we on that yeah, yeah, yeah
Said I’m feeling way, way up

Way, way up
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Way, way up
Way, way up
Way, way up
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
And I got that, and we on that

Yo wassup, this is Joyner
I'm unable to take your call right now
Leave me a brief message and I'll get back to you, peace

Man made electric light, to take us out of the dark
Man made the boat for the water, without a woman, or a girl
Ohh-ohh, this a man's, world7Embed
Picture me putting my city all over the map
(Whoa, whoa, whoa, yeah)
They wasn't believers, I had to get even at math
(What, what, what, what)
Be coming, I'm pulling and jumping all over your grass
(Yeah, yeah, whoa, whoa, uh)
So tell all my bitches I got a new girl
Tell the police that I'm robbing the bank and I want all of my 50's in cash
Bitch, I'm tired of living, check to check
I need twenty models and some extra sex
Smiling in my grave, bitch I'm fresh to death
I've been drinking Wu-Tang with Inspectah Deck getting drunk (Skrt)
Yeah, I got some shit that I gotta just get off my chest
(Whoa, uh, uh, uh, yeah, damn)
I can admit I got lots on my list and you next (uh, uh)
Take it how you want it, I ain't famous like I want it
But I think I might just skrrt off, blow the speakers and turn up
Pop a bottle of Smirnoff, go to church with my shirt off
Tell the Lord that I'm here now, I've been waiting for so long
I've been patient for so long, breaking rules like there's no laws
And I did it for a long time
If you don't like me, take a ticket, there's a long line
Nice to meet me, hoe, I think the pleasure's all mine
Shit, they've been clocking me so long, I think they lost time
You might also like
Ooh you lost your mind, nigga
Fuck you mean? Whoo! Hol' on
Goddamn it, nigga
Fuck you mean? Whoo!
And I don't trust a mothafucking soul
What the fuck you mean? Whoo!
Hol' up, whoa whoa whoa whoa
What the fuck you mean? Whoo! (Hol up now)
Look

Don't know what you thinkin', compare me to niggas is nothing
(Uh, uh, uh, what, what)
Adrenaline pumping and blood'll be leaking and running
(Word, word, yeah, yeah, uh)
Shit, I do what I do, I don't care if you like it or love it
(Nah, nah, uh, uh, Joyner)
Tell all of my bitches I got a new girl, wait
And tell the police that I'm robbing the bank and I want all my money in 100s
Bitch, I'm tired of living on the edge
I wanna sell drugs but they gon' call the feds
I just bought a brick and that shit cost an arm and leg
My momma told me, "Take it back and get a job instead"
(Where's your common sense, nigga?)
Me and the devil got too much in common, I swear
(Damn, uh, uh, damn, uh)
Born in the ghetto, I never had nothing to fear (nah, nah)
Take it how you want it, I ain't famous like I want it
So, I might just throw a hissy fit
Call up Cassie, ask her if she broke up with Diddy yet
I said shawty, if she's talking I ain't hitting it
Cause she gon' call her friends up and brag about the shit we did
Whoa, I ain't into pillow talking, go chop off your lips
If I ain't in your top ten, go dive off a bridge
My block boys got Glock fours that'll knock off your lid
I doubt you gon' pop off, so hop off my dick
Whoo!
Nigga, fuck you mean? Whoo!
Goddamn it, I said fuck you mean?!
Listen, I don't trust a muthafucking soul
Nigga, no, nigga, fuck you mean?!
Whoa, whoa, whoa, whoa
What the fuck you mean?!

You thought I was finished, you thought it was over?
You thought I retired, you thought I went fishing with Kobe?
Nigga, I'm still as the illest, considered as one of the coldest
Still-a pull apart in a rapper head like Moses, mm-hm
I'm throwback like I'm Motorola
But hoe, I'm cooler than a cup of yogurt
Black flag, Crip boy, truck soldier
I'm cool with drug lords and Ayatollah's
Rap god, cyclops and ogre
Bitch I'm King Kong, ain't nobody told ya?
Fuck you think bro still smoking?
Aww fuck it, I'm Bobby Brown, 'bout to go get loaded
Retarded Paul McCartney, bitch I'm rich
I'm Muhammad Ali, I talk shit
I'm James Brown, bout to tear down this bitch
I'm Michael Jackson, bitch I'm bad as bad gon' get (oww!)
Fuck you mean?
Yo wassup, this is Joyner
I'm unable to take your call right now
Leave me a brief message and I'll get back to you, peace

Yo, this is the third time this week
That you failed to pick up your son, and I'm just so confused
Like I find it funny that you stay in the studio laying something down
Slanging mixtapes but you have yet to bring home diapers
And lay your kid down and go to sleep
On Snapchat talking 'bout, "Where's the plug?"
Like I’m sure he’s at National Grid tryna cut my lights back on
Like "a dollar and a dream" ass career
And you can't even come home and give us a dollar for some fucking milk
I'm not doing this with you, keep it 100, my nigga2Embed
Keep it a 100
Uhh, yo

Somebody told me money rules the world, I know you heard that shit
Money the root to all evil, blessings and murder shit
I slaved away for ten hours a day at work and just finally got my check
But the ATM isn't working, shit
Oh, there it go (oh oh oh oh oh) damn, it's hot as hell
Punched in a pin code and grabbed a hundred dollar bill
I snatched it up and went back to my wheels
Hit up the plug and said "I know you got some bud, I need that with some pills"
Meet me outside the gas station on Park Ave, I'll be waiting
Then put the cash in the glove compartment as I sat waiting
Damn, yo where's this nigga at?
Bout to light a cigarette while I-, oh, there he go
Opened up the glove compartment, told em to light this
Come around and drive inside and act normal like we ain't making a transaction
Take that (what up, what up?) I dapped him up and got to sliding
He crinkled it up, walked off then put it in his pocket
Off to the strip club with some drinks and some orders
He pull that hundred out his pocket, uncrinkled the corners
Stageside, watching this one bitch shaking and twirling
Busted it open all exotic and maybe she's foreign
She making eye contact, she got on eye contacts
She sees that Benjamin Frank, she keep her eyes on that
She's thinking "I want that", he takes a sip from his glass
She bend over, he slaps her ass and puts some ones in her crack
He whispered in her ear "How long are you here? Tell me you single
Oh, you got a man? Fuck, I don't care, tell him I'm queer
Save my name as Susan in your contacts, hm
And fuck your relationship, I ain't worried about that, heheh
Can I use that red marker, sir?
Let me write my number on this hundred for you
Make sure you hit me up when your boyfriend can't do nothing for you
(508)-507-2209"
She got home and opened her purse as soon as she gets to the door
Counting them dollars, smoking tree while she sit on the floor
I don't think she like how this shit make her feel
But you gotta do what you gotta do when it's time for paying bills
For real, she wanna get high now, uhh
Grab the Benjamin off the floor, she feeling alive now, uhh
Few grams of coke on the table, that's the right now, uhh
She rolled a hundred up and stuck it up her nose like
That's what she call Heaven's door
That's what she call Snow White, the white without seven dwarfs
She throw a hundred back at her purse and headed down to the store
She needed blunts for the gas, she needed gas for the Ford
She needed eggs and some dill, she needed cheese and some milk
She needed change
You might also like
"What what number is that?
I said what number is that on the bill, what is that?
Yes, in red, it's like a phone number
What is this? Never mind"

"Aye aye, don't you make one mothafucking move
Empty that register, I know you don't need my help
Hurry the fuck up, look, don't make me repeat myself
Gimme the cash, follow instructions, don't be fucking moving
Cause I'd hate to kill you over something stupid
Now hand me the bread and place your hands on top of your head
Take my tough advice
Turn around and count to a hundred if you love your life"

Now keep it a 100
Uhh, keep it a 100
Yeah, keep it a 100
One hundred
Keep it a 100

Yo, somebody told me money rules the world, I know you heard that shit
Money's the root to all evil, blessings and murder shit
He put that hundred inside of collection plate on Sunday too
Hope that it'll take away your sins, maybe someday soon
But anyway, they covered the plate and just continued praying
After church, the pastor opened it up and started saying
"Lord forgive me but I need this, I've been really static"
And he grabbed the hundred off the top and started staring at it
Held it up to see if it's real or fake
Then looked around to make sure nobody was looking, and then he took it, damn
Off to the streets with the Lord, off to go find him a whore
A hundred bucks in the dash and now he riding the course
He see some bitch on the corner, he told her hop in the car
And then she opened the door
"Come on bitch, yo hurry the fuck up, I ain't tryna get caught up"
Then continued driving and stuff, looking for a spot in the cut
"How much for head?"
(A 100)
"Now how much for sex?"
(A 100)
"Damn, a 100?"
(Come on, that's not a lot)
"Fuck"
(Why you playing?)
"Nah, I'm just saying, that's a lot bitch, like gotta calm down, damn"
Now she making eye contact, she got on eye contacts
She see that Benjamin Frank, she keep her eyes on that
She's thinking "I want that", he pulls his dick out his pants
"Ooh God is good"
Transaction complete, and she went back to the streets
Back to the cash at the leash, she back to get back on her knees
And she don't like how this shit make her feel
But you gotta do what you gotta do when it's time for paying bills
For real, she wanna retire soon, she swear to God (*smack*)
She looked up and seen the hand of God, oh my God...
Forgot she had a pimp
That nigga been looking for her ass for days
Took every single dollar and left her eye black and gray
He be on the corner jamming, getting drunk that-a-way
7-Eleven gambling, throwing all his cash away, yup
Some say that money rule the world, I know you heard that shit
Money the root to all evil, blessings and murder shit
Yeah, that pimp just lost that hundred dollars in that dice game
He said "I should've just bet that shit on tonight's game, whatever nigga, nice game"
The homie who won it walked off with the hundred
Then opened up his wallet, stuck it inside and then put it in his pocket
Started stomping and running
Feeling so good, started hopping and jumping, money flopping and rumbling
His eyes is as big as his smile, no stopping him from the prow
He's jogging, skipping around, 'til his wallet fell on the ground
A hundred sticking halfway out, in the back of a halfway house
For like three weeks so don't even ask me how, check it
A homeless man walks by, sees a wallet, opens his eyes
And then grabs it, opens to check what's inside and to his surprise
It's money, a couple dollars, a hundred bill with some writing
A number written in red, if he had a phone he would call
But he doesn't, so he says "Fuck it, it's mine
And I'm really hungry and thirsty, I want some beer, a beef jerky
Maybe some ten percent juice, hm
And if the store's open, I need some cigarettes too", true
He walked into the same store on the block
Just so happen to be the same exact store that got robbed
What a coincidence, that shit is just as weird as I thought
The clerk rang him out and said, "That'll be 18.25"
And then he held that hundred out with the red number written on top
Then everything stopped
Yo wassup, this is Joyner
I'm unable to take your call right now
Leave me a brief message and I'll get back to you, peace

Mr. Lucas, Officer Michael Bradley with the police department
Trying to get a hold of you now, this is the third time calling
I need to speak to you with regards to some serious charges
You need to get back to me as soon as possible
Or we'll be showing up at your door
With about 10 officers and some handcuffs
Choice is yours12Embed
Damn I feel so loose, I'm about to pop shit
What's a man to do when he's out of options
I ain't wanna do it but it
(Shh, hold on, be quiet, they're coming..)

Oh no no no no no no (Blap, blap, blap)
Oh no no no no no no (Shoop, shoop, shoop)
Oh no no no no no no (Skrt, skrt, skrt)
No no no no no no
I said gimme that, gimme that, gimme that, gimme that, you heard what I said
Nigga run that, run that, run that, run that, you heard what I said
I said yeah, oh no no no no no no
Oh no no no no no no no

I remember everything was different
When I tried to get a job and make some money, I was livin' on the street
I walked a lot of miles and nobody wasn't hiring
And I had to stand in line if I was to get something to eat
'Cause I ain't had no homies and my girl depended on me
Every night that we were lonely and I couldn't get no sleep
'Cause I was plotting on anybody I seen that was getting money
You got it? I need it sorry, you don't need it more than me
And bitch, I'm tired of this struggle, ducking and dodging them puddles
Wondering if God ever hear the prayers I said
'Cause every time I got a new hustle, that shit done got me in trouble
You don't know how many fucking tears I've shed
But fuck it, I'm letting loose, and they told me don't bend the rules
This is my winter blues, you know what I'm finna do
Anything necessary to make it up in the news
And I'm taking every mothafucking thing that I pick and choose
And I'm done with all the begging, I'm past that, all I did was get laughed at
You can go back track but you'll never get cash back
And they told me I'm half black, but I'm white as a lab rat
With a mic and a gas mask, I'm a light for your trash ass
And I might get the last laugh, better fight if you back stab
With a knife in your backpack, all my life I've been jabbed at
But I fight like I'm Mad Max with a knife with the yeah, yeah
You know, you know what the fuck I'm talking about
Listen, I don't give a fuck about your feelings
You don't have any idea just what I had to do to get what I want
All I wanted was to make a decent living
I can't even count it on my fingers how much shit that I lost
Woo, nigga, this is my job
Yeah, these are my thoughts
Woo, I ain't never had shit
But for now you better give me what's yours
You might also like
Damn I feel so loose, I'm about to pop shit
What's a man to do when he's out of options
I ain't wanna do it but this
(Shhh, hold on, be quiet, they're coming)

Oh no no no no no no
Oh no no no no no no
Oh no no no no no no
No no no no no no
I said gimme that, gimme that, gimme that, gimme that, you heard what I said
Nigga run that, run that, run that, run that, you heard what I said
I said yeah, oh no no no no no no
Oh no no no no no no no

You really got some nerve talkin' bout me like you're better
Cause you got your shit together and I'm really goin' through it
I don't think you have a clue what it feels like
Doin' dirt knowin' in your heart you ain't wanna do it
I don't got one G bone in my body
I ain't never gang banged, I don't know nothing about it
I don't claim to be a thug nigga or Illuminati
But there really ain't no tellin' what I do when I get rowdy
And I'm starvin' and my back against the wall and you ballin'
Everytime I see you, all you do is flash hundreds
Everything on fleek, I ain't never had nothin'
I just wanna be you, wanna feel like stuntin'
And lettin' loose and they told me don't bend the rules
This is my winter blues, you don't know what I finna do
Anything necessary to make it up in the news
And I'm taking every mothafuckin' thing that I pick and choose
I'm done with that hating shit, the fuck do you think this is?
Damn it, you made me sick, ain't no time for no babysit
This is the way we live and yes I'm okay with this
You think you all that and a bag of potato chips?
Could jump off a crazy bridge, and enough of you idiot kids
Go suckin' a lady dick, I would never just make amends
With none of you shakin' hands in public like yeah yeah
Like get the fuck out of my face, dude
Listen, I don't give a fuck about your feelings
You don't have any idea just what a nigga had to do to get loose
All I wanted was to make a decent living
I can't even count on all my fingers how much shit I went through
Woo, what I went through
Yeah, what I went through
Uh, and when shit get real
Ain't really nothing that you can do, woo
Yo, what's up, this is Joyner
I'm unable to take your call right now
Leave me a brief message and I'll get back to you
Peace
Yo, who the fuck do you think you are
Tryna give advice to a child? My child
Nigga, you the biggest piece of shit I've ever met in my life, my nigga
You the last person that should be trying to give advice
To anybody about anything, let alone my fucking kid
Acting like some fucking role model or some shit
Nigga, no nobody wanna be like you, stop it15Embed
I wonder if you often think about what you became
Or do you ever wonder if you ever truly changed?
Cause honestly I'm lost and I don't know who to blame
I need some help cause I don't know what else to soothe the pain
I watch you raised me as a baby so over protective
Smiling at me, blowing kisses while you hold me restless
When you told me that you loved me I can tell you meant it
And it never took for you to try to ever show your efforts
But we was connected through the heavens though, I felt your soul
And that alone is just a feeling some will never know
I bumped my head and you consoled me as you held me close
And I wonder where went wrong but I guess I'll never know
Cause ever since I grown I felt like you been kind of giving up
And it seems like everything I do is just not good enough
Shit, we don't have the type of bond we used to have before
And I ain't mad at all, I just wonder if you recall the day that I was born
When you used to sing to me like

La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
(Yeah, you used to sing to me like)
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
(You used to sing to me)
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
(Yeah, you used to sing to me like)
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
You might also like
I wonder if you often think about what you became
And do you ever wonder if you ever truly changed?
Cause honestly I'm lost and I don't know who to blame
Nigga I need some help cause I don't know what else to soothe the pain
My father died when I was five and I ain't cry at all
I never knew him he just disappeared and I'm not sure if he knew I would grow up to be ruthless, I don't hide my flaws
A young woman with a body and a mind like yours cause we a lot alike
I mean that's prolly' why I felt connected
And when we met I was so innocent but slowly tempted
When you told me that you loved me boy I know you meant it
You sucked the soul out of my body with your own intentions
Now I'm stuck inside a life of prostitution, no discretion
And all you do is beat my ass and leave me slowly breathless
But we don't have the type of bond we used to have before
And I ain't mad at all, I just wonder if you recall when I laid in your arms
And you used to sing to me like

La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
(Yeah, you used to sing to me like)
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
(You used to sing to me)
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
(Yeah, you used to sing to me like)
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
I wonder if you often think about what I became
And do you ever wonder if I ever truly changed?
Cause honestly I'm lost and I don't know who to blame
Listen, I need some help cause I don't know what else to soothe the pain
I used to watch movies about you a whole lot before
I read about you back in school when I was kind of bored
Now I'm ashamed and embarrassed I truly got involved
Cause you gave me a feeling some shit that I never felt before
And I ain't trying to make excuses but inside I'm torn
And you was there for me at times I couldn't find the Lord
And all I had to do was inject you and lock the doors
So I can feel some type of peace while I dream and go watch the stars
And that alone is just a feeling some will never know
But now I'm rotten, it's not the same as I felt before
We don't have the type of bond we used to have before
But I ain't mad at all, I just wonder if you recall sticking you in my arms
When you used to sing to me like

La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
(Yeah, you used to sing to me like)
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
(You used to sing to me)
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
(Yeah, you used to sing to me like)
La la la la la la la la la la la la la la la
Yo what's up? This is Joyner
I'm unable to take your call right now
Leave me a brief message and I'll get back to you, peace

Ayo, I'm really tryna figure something out
And you really gotta give me the chance to put my finger on this shit
Cause I'm really confused, man
I let you crash on my couch because you told me
You ain't had nowhere to sleep last night
And you stole from me, my G? On some G shit, man?
Bro, what kinda shit is that, man?
Really, my nigga? Yo, you a little bum ass nigga, man
When I see you, I need a fair one, G, facts2Embed
I got pain in my soul (Way to go)
And I ain't prayed in so long (I said way to go, uh)
Jesus can't save me no more (Way to go)
It's the end of the road

You feel like the world is against you
You feel like you had a bad case of the "can't help it"
You feel like sometimes all hope is gone
And every time you wanted to do good
Evil was always prevalent on you, you hear me?
He came to kill, steal and destroy your soul
And now you look at yourself
And you say, "I just got pain in my soul"

Uh, I ain't felt this way since Wednesday
I brought a switchblade to 6th grade
Way before Myspace and Sam-space
I had a crush on Beyoncé and Kim K
I went to work late and missed out
My Grandma told me, "In ten days, you kicked out"
Never went to Sunday school, I skipped out
And then went to the mall and got draped up and dripped out
I used to listen to Bon Jovi
And hang with my Aunt Rosie, then she called the cops on me
Crack in my socks runnin', my neighbor up top sold me
Nowhere to run now, thanks a lot homie
Misunderstood, trust me, I know what you took from me
She said, "I know you in a relationship and you couldn't love me
And you know we got something and you know it's time
So what you waitin' for?
Goddamn, you let me down again, way to go"
You might also like
I got pain in my soul (Way to go)
And I ain't prayed in so long (I said way to go, uh)
Jesus can't save me no more (Way to go)
It's the end of the road

I came to tell you tonight that there's good news
That Jesus came to save you from all of your sins
And he came to wash it away with his blood
The enemy came to steal, kill and destroy your soul
And now all you can do is that in your soul
Is that there is nothing but pain

Uhh, niggas just throw fits, I'm so sick
I'm tired of my broke friends who smoke cigs
I just want a gold Benz with with smoked tints
And take all of my hoes on a road trip, just no kids
I guess it's cool to dream when you ain't used to havin' much
I know this break-up hurtin' you and you sad and such
I know you not happy, stop actin' like you havin' fun
I know you snoopin' through my Instagram gettin' mad as fuck
I tried to run away from home before the ass beatings
All I wanted was some clothes when it's tax season
I love it when they Black but they act 'Rican
My pastor think that I'm half-Black and half-demon
What the fuck is you cryin' for? What's mine is yours
What's yours is mine and I'm down for it, we ridin' for it
We wanted this a long time ago, what you waitin' for?
Goddamn, you let me down again (Way to go)
I got pain in my soul, way to go
And I ain't prayed in so long, way to go
This sinnin' can't save me no more, way to go
This the end of the road
I got pain in my soul, way to go
And I ain't prayed in so long, way to go
This sinnin' can't save me no more, way to go
This the end of the road
I got pain in my soul, way to go
Ta-ta ah-ah-ah-ah-ah, oh why-y-y-y
I ain't prayed in so long, way to go
Sinnin' can't save me no more, no more

Yo wassup, this is Joyner
I'm unable to take your call right now
Leave me a brief message and I'll get back to you, peace

Man, think about a little baby girl and a baby boy
Man makes them happy, to carry, to carry heavy load
Whoa2Embed
Make sure you take that number down
508-507-2209
Joyner (hold up a sec)
Joyner (yeah, drop that shit)
Woo, woo!

Poison
You say that I'm toxic, I ain't had lots of choices
Just give me brains in the projects, baby, I am not your boyfriend
Look I ain't got time, but you can book by the appointment
And I ain't gon' lie, I used to be shy, believe me
Shimmy shimmy ya, shimmy yay, bitch, I feel like Ol' DB
Bitch I'm so awesome, even Ray Charles can see me
Hoe stop crying, nobody said life would be easy
And I'ma get mine, yeah, I'ma get mine, yeah

Now you see what you just made me do?
Look what you made me do nigga
Look what you made me do nigga! Woo!

Ready to what? Never been giving a fuck, living it up
Putting 'em, putting em up, think it's a game if you want, niggas'll front
I'ma deliver the tons, I'ma just kill em and run, word to my son
Niggas they never been wrong, I'ma continue to do what's ain't never been done
Bitch you ready or what? Bitch I've been ready to thump, hit it or not
I bet you taking the fun, I bet you prayin' I fall and I never get up
Bitch I will never give up, killin' em dead in the middle my ghetto and uh
Niggas ain't never been wrong, I'ma continue to do what ain't never been done
(Joyner) Holla!
You might also like
Lot of niggas envy, you just want every dollar
I'm trying to be friendly, I don't want any drama
So please don't tempt me, then I have to empty the blocka

My nigga you crazy, look what you made me do
Nigga you crazy, look what you made me do (Joyner)
Nigga you crazy, look what you made me do

This the flyest shit I ever heard in my life
This the type of shit that make you pull up outside
Like bitch, why you bending my line?
I ain't tryna fuck your nigga, he ain't even my type
Told my brother that I love him then I put the phone down
Gotta be rollin' with the burners that be in the ghost now
Talking about making money and I'm spending your money
But spending hella money is the only way you're going now
Yo these private conversations got me thinking out loud
Used to queue up out front, I come through the back now
Dear mama, all I wanted was to make you proud
That's why I never fucked a broke nigga on the rebound
All my daughters know is hustlin' shows
Kill off a pussy in a eight-inch boat
Maura, I can fly in the sky, my yodes
Chop coming, don't wanna look like you
Fuck with me nigga, I've been putting London on the map
Ain't it funny I'm the first female ting mad?
I'ma do it, watch me fuck it up and go ham
Gettin keys oversea just so I can bring it back
I ain't talking bout no coke bitch, I'm all about the crack
I ain't even have to pay, all I had to do was rap
I'ma let that line breathe, mute that
Gettin keys overseas just so I can bring it back
(Joyner) Poison
You say that I'm toxic, I ain't had lots of choices
Just give me brains in my ride, and baby I am not your boyfriend
And I ain't got time, but you can book by the appointment
And I ain't gonna lie, I used to be shy, holla

Lot of niggas envy, you just want every dollar
Yeah I'm tryna be friendly, I don't want any drama
Please don't tempt me then I have to empty the blocka

Goddammit you crazy, look what you made me do
My nigga you crazy look what you made me do
Nigga you crazy, look what you made me do...
Nigga you crazy, look what you made me

Yo wassup, this is Joyner
I'm unable to take your call right now
Leave me a brief message and I'll get back to you, peace
Hello... hello? (*sighs*) Joyner3Embed
We gon' be alright
I gave you a chance even though you not my type
I did some things that I ain't proud of but I'd never leave your side
(I gave you a chance) Okay, I'll never leave your side
You had some shit that you were goin' through and you ain't even cry
So if I take advantage of you, you won't be so nice
You told me "Next time there won't be no next time", looked me in the eye
And I gave you a chance even though you not my type
She told me "I ain't gonna let you hit unless you spend the night"
Then treated me like them other hoes that you might fuck sometimes
But I did some things that a nigga ain't proud of but I'd never leave your side
(I gave you a chance) Okay, I'll never leave your side
You had some shit that you were goin' through and you ain't even cry
So if I take advantage of you, you won't be so nice
You said that "Next time there won't be no next time", looked me in my eye"
(We gon', we gon') I told her "We gon' be alright"

Woah, and I just lost my job
Yeah, I've been stressin', hoped that I could talk to God, wait
Cause lately conversations with you kinda crucial
Ever since I got laid off, you don't treat me like you used to, no
(You know how much I love you) But now my backs to the wall
Kinda hard to believe when you make it seem like you not havin' a ball
You make it harder for me when you wanna leave but I miss havin' your all
You ain't talkin' to me and it's been a week and I ain't happy at all
Listen, it's been way too long and you been actin' funny
You say shit, like you'd bend over backwards for me
Shit we've been back and forth since last December
We break up, but it don't matter cause we get right back together
I remember, I remember you said
You might also like
We gon' be alright
I gave you a chance even though you not my type
I did some things that I ain't proud of but I'd never leave your side
(I gave you a chance) Okay, I'll never leave your side
You had some shit that you were goin' through and you ain't even cry
So if I take advantage of you, you won't be so nice
You told me "Next time there won't be no next time", looked me in the eye
And I gave you a chance even though you not my type
She told me "I ain't gonna let you hit unless you spend the night"
Then treated me like them other hoes that you might fuck sometimes
But I did some things that a nigga ain't proud of but I'd never leave your side
(I gave you a chance) Okay, I'll never leave your side
You had some shit you were goin' through and you ain't even cry
So if I take advantage of you, you won't be so nice
You said that "Next time there won't be no next time", looked me in my eye"
(We gon', we gon') I told her "We gon' be alright"

Whoa, and my homie said he heard you complain about me
And I've been stressin', hopin' that you feel the same about me
Cause lately conversations with you kinda crucial
Ever since I got laid off, you don't fuck me like you used to, no
(And you know we could be so good together) Okay, back to the basics
I love when you tell me you trust me and don't want to go back to the fake shit
You fuss and I get all my stuff and I move back down to the basement
And plus I don't wanna be the one to be givin' up right now when I'm anxious
I've been thinkin', I've been down since days you ain't had no money
You say shit like you'd bend over backwards for me
Shit we've been back and forth since last December
We break up but it don't matter cause we get right back together
I remember, I remember you said
We gon' be alright
I gave you a chance even though you not my type
I did some things that I ain't proud of but I'd never leave your side
(I gave you a chance) Okay, I'll never leave your side
You had some shit that you were goin' through and you ain't even cry
So if I take advantage of you, you won't be so nice
You told me "Next time there won't be no next time", looked me in the eye
And I gave you a chance even though you not my type
She told me "I ain't gonna let you hit unless you spend the night"
Then treated me like them other hoes that you might fuck sometimes
But I did some things that a nigga ain't proud of but I'd never leave your side
(I gave you a chance) Okay, I'll never leave your side
You had some shit that you were goin' through and you ain't even cry
So if I take advantage of you, you won't be so nice
You said that "Next time there won't be no next time", looked me in my eye"
(We gon', we gon') I told her "We gon' be alright"

We gon', we gon', we gon' be alright
I'm about to be done with your bullshit
I gave you a chance even though you not my type
I don't know why you keep doing this to me
We gon', we gon', we gon' be alright
I gave you a chance even though you not my type, uh
How many times do I have to keep saying the same thing over and over again?
We gon', we gon' be alright
I gave you a chance even though you not my type
You're literally doing nothing for us
I did some things I ain't proud of but I'd never leave your side
You're just being selfish
We gon', we gon', we gon' be alright, done
Yo wassup, this is Joyner
I'm unable to take your call right now
Leave me a brief message and I'll get back to you, peace

(*Hesitated response*)10Embed
Yo, I know you don't understand my words
But you will eventually
You will eventually, some day
One day

I know you don't understand my words but you will eventually
And when you get older, I hope you don't hold this shit against me
I hope you understand I love you more than life itself
And this is nothin' but your daddy's thoughts when he was feelin' empty

And everything ain't always what it seems like on the outside
I fought so many tears so that you would never see the outcry
I never wanted kids until I lived and went through hard times
And became a man that fell in love with someone that my heart finds
But you know how that shit go, young and reckless, different women part time
And I wasn't ready for that life yet, I was in my dark prime
Me and your moms ain't get along and she gave me a hard time
I really think that we just crossed paths at the wrong time
I wasn't happy when she said she was pregnant
Probably the worst news of my life, that shit was so depressing
I told her she should get an abortion and I really meant it
I'm sorry that I said that shit, yo I was trippin'
You might also like
I know you don't understand my words but you will eventually
And when you get older, I hope you don't hold this shit against me
I'm sorry, yo

And I never wanted a broken home to raise you from a distance
Yeah I'll admit it, I was scared of that type of commitment
Even hopes of a miscarriage, anything bad that could happen
That'd get me out of that situation, I was livid
I felt like shit about my thoughts, that wasn't me, I'm different
Plus I was dealing with some demons that I couldn't live with
I told her she should get an abortion and I really meant it, damn

I know you don't understand my words but you will eventually
And when you get older I hope you don't hold this shit against me
Hope you don't hate me, I was selfish, I hope you forgive me
I hope you forgive me (please forgive me)

And I still remember your baby shower like, it was yesterday
And to your mom it was special, me, just another day
I wish that you could see the pictures, all the fake phony smilin'
Had to pretend that I was happy, deep down I was cryin'
Ma asked if I was okay, I turned around and looked away
I was dryin' all my tears, look back to say "Yeah"
I was lyin', goddamn, how the hell I get here?
This is it, this supposed to be my life, this ain't how I pictured it
I never felt so damn alone, but it was more than often
One of the worst days of my life, and I ain't even lyin'
We argued when we came home, I blame myself for all this
I think that I was holding a grudge cause she ain't get an abortion
I'm sorry (fuck) damn
And I know you can't understand my words but you will eventually
And when you get older, I hope you don't hold this shit against me
I can't believe I tried to hurt you, I hope you forgive me
Please, please

And everything ain't always what it seems like on the outside
I fight so many tears so that you would never see the outcry
I sacrificed my life so you could live it, peace
Want to give you things my father couldn't give to, me
I think I was raised wrong and that's just what it is to me
And if you ask him then his ass gon' probably disagree
But whatever, whatever...
And nothing's ever made me cry as much as you, I swear
Your smile gives me motivation and some new ideas
My worst fear is always you not knowing who I am
Cause I been on the road dreamchasing for you out here
I was the first thing that you opened your eyes to
And the last one that you said goodnight to
I went home and cried to
And I bawled my eyes out and then watched you
Glad I got you, that's a blatant fact
And every negative thing I said I swear I take it back

I know you don't understand my words but you will eventually
And when you get older, I hope you don't hold this shit against me
I hope you understand I love you more than I love myself
And this is nothin' but your daddy's thoughts when he was feelin' empty
I was feelin' empty, I been feelin' empty
I put my emotions in this music when I'm feelin' empty
I hope you forgive me
Please, please
Yo wassup, this is Joyner
I'm unable to take your call right now
Leave me a brief message and I'll get back to you, peace
Ayo nigga, this is like the twelfth time I've call you, dawg
I'm sick of getting this fucking voicemail, my nigga
I need my money today, nigga!
Not tomorrow, not next week, nigga, I want it now, bro!
Don't have me pull up and, and stunt!
You know how the fuck I do, my nigga!
That's the last thing you want, so get that paper right, bro
I'm not fucking around!7Embed
I need more hoes, more, more, more, more, yeah
I need more clothes, more, more, more, more, yeah
I need more dough, yup, yup, yup, yup, yeah
I need more blow, wha, wha, wha, whoo, whoo

I need more hoes, wha, wha, wha, wha, yeah
I need more clothes, yup, yup, yup, yup, yeah
I need more dough, wha, wha, wha, wha, yeah
I need more blow, uh, uh, uh, uh, yeah
I need more hoes, wha, wha, wha, wha, yeah
I need more clothes, yup, yup, yup, yup, yeah
I need more dough, wha, wha, wha, wha, yeah
I need more blow, uh, uh, uh, uh, yeah

You got some scary intentions
Your brain is clouded with too many possessions
You think you rich but you depressing yourself
It's just so pathetic and materialistic
And all you do is flash your money and fortune
You ride around in that Ferrari and Porsches
And all you talk about is Bugatti and foreigns
You walk around like you somebody important
You surrounded by leaches and beggars
And none of them niggas wanna see you do better
I bet they plotting, wanna see what you got
Cause you brag a lot and make it seem like they jealous
So what the fuck you even see in the mirror?
Your future couldn't really be any clearer
And when it rains, you gon' need an umbrella
But you don't listen, you don't see it or hear it
And all you ever say is...
You might also like
I need more hoes, more, more, more, more, yeah
I need more clothes, more, more, more, more, yeah
I need more dough, yup, yup, yup, yup, yeah
I need more blow, wha, wha, wha, whoo, whoo

I need more hoes, wha, wha, wha, wha, yeah
I need more clothes, yup, yup, yup, yup, yeah
I need more dough, wha, wha, wha, wha, yeah
I need more blow, uh, uh, uh, uh, yeah

I think you really aggressive
Your brain is clouded with too many possessions
You think you rich but you depressing yourself
It's just so pathetic and materialistic
I really think that all them drugs got you tripping
Your brain is ruined and your logic is different
I know that syrup got your body in shivers
If I was you, I'd get that out of my system
And I think that you bugging and stuff
You just shit on everyone who's stuck in a rut
Always flash your money out in public and stunt
And we all just look at you in fucking disgust
Maybe you're just insecure with no luck
And deep down you're a dub without nothing to love
And I wonder if you'll ever realize what's up
And be humble and just say enough is enough
But for now you just wanna say
I need more hoes, more, more, more, more, yeah
I need more clothes, more, more, more, more, yeah
I need more dough, yup, yup, yup, yup, yeah
I need more blow, wha, wha, wha, whoo, whoo

I need more hoes, wha, wha, wha, wha, yeah
I need more clothes, yup, yup, yup, yup, yeah
I need more dough, wha, wha, wha, wha, yeah
I need more blow, uh, uh, uh, uh, yeah
I need more hoes, wha, wha, wha, wha, yeah
I need more clothes, yup, yup, yup, yup, yeah
I need more dough, wha, wha, wha, wha, yeah
I need more blow, uh, uh, uh, uh, yeah

Yeah, I must be really possessive
My brain is clouded with too many possessions
I think I'm rich but I'm depressed and I'm selfish
I'm so pathetic and materialistic
Like how the fuck I let the money do this
Man I swear to God that I would never be tripping
I promised that I would have respect and be different
But now I make it rain on plenty of strippers
I'm surrounded by leeches and beggars
And none them niggas wanna see me do better
I bet they plottin', want to take what I got
Cause I brag a lot and make it seem like they jealous
And I never had nothing
I just wanna live like them rappers on TV forever
But what have I become? Maybe I'm one of them
Maybe I just don't know any better
And now what I'm sayin' is
I need more hoes, more, more, more, more, yeah
I need more clothes, more, more, more, more, yeah
I need more dough, yup, yup, yup, yup, yeah
I need more blow, wha, wha, wha

Yo what's up? This is Joyner
I'm unable to take your call right now
Leave me a brief message and I'll get back to you, peace

Hello, yo, nigga you fuckin' serious?
Are you fuckin' serious? Yo, I swear to God
Yo, I knew I should have never fuck with you
You're fucking dirty, you're dirty and you're fuckin', yo
You're gonna be dead nigga, yo are you serious?
You gave me fuckin' Chlamydia? Chlamydia?!
Yo, nigga, I swear to God, wait 'til my brother comes home
Yo, Dom is gon' fuck yo shit up2Embed
She say I think with my dick and she probably right
And it's Friday night
And he gon' do whatever when he feeling good
But girl I promise you that me and him are not alike
I swear he 'bout to be the death of me, I can't fight it
And he gon' do whatever when he feel like it
I tried to teach him 'bout relationships and he don't like it
And he gon' go inside whoever when he feel invited
I had a conversation with him from the get go
He said "Nigga calm down let me finish, yo
Don't understand why you acting like a bitch, though
Ain't nothing wrong with a little bit of sex, hoe
You ain't gotta stress yo", my nigga, listen, you a part of me
You get me in trouble then you fall asleep
And all it takes is some liquor and some R&B
But you gon' fuck around and turn me into Charlie Sheen
Look nigga, I've been getting teased while the guys get played
Sweating in your jeans all goddamn day
Tryna feel a little breeze you can get a little wet
Go swimming 'til she screams, make her feel it in her chest
Love a bitch that'll suck me and swallow your kids up
Kiss me on my eyes while she tyin' her hair up
Then give a massage as I lay it down
Shit I could do this all night, I don't play around
My nigga, you don't ever take your time so it never lasts
You sabotage every chick I ever had
When you see another chick you say goddamn
The blood rushin' to your head and then you dive in
And you willin' to say whatever just to get some
You better hope that I don't ever fuckin' catch none
Cause you a dirty motherfucker you should listen to me
Or I'ma have to cut you off, literally
You might also like
I've been thinkin' with my dick, baby I ain't got control
I try to fight it but he got a mind of his own
I've been thinkin with my dick but I'm tired of these hoes
And this is my confession, I can't lie anymore
I've been thinkin' with my dick, baby I ain't got control
I try to fight it but he got a mind of his own
I've been thinkin' with my dick but I'm tired of these hoes
And this is my confession, I can't lie anymore

She say I think with my dick and she probably right
Yeah it's Friday night
And he gon' do whatever when he feeling good
But girl I promise you that me and him are not alike
He sayin' "Hi, hello" and got a thing for Adele
He got a mind of his own, he really think for himself
It's hard to keep him happy, he a heavy hitter
When bitches call him daddy then his head get bigger
I had a conversation with him, had to set him straight
He said "Nigga calm down, homie listen, J
Ain't nothin' wrong with some pussy and a little brains
Besides I don't really know if this is just a phase
And I don't mean to be rude or to hate though
But I get bored when I'm in and out the same hoe
The same pussy every night I'mma lay low
And I could care less if she keep her fuckin legs closed
I love a bitch that'll suck me and swallow your kids up
Kiss me on my eyes while she tyin' her hair up
Then give a massage as I lay it down
And as soon as I'm done with her, I'ma make my rounds
And you don't ever take your time so it never lasts
Plus you sabotaged every bitch I ever had
And you ain’t even being safe, you fuck it you lazy
And as soon as you fuck up, then I'm stuck with a baby
And I hope that you know you givin' me a bad reputation
All because you don't know how to relax and be patient
Now these bitches trippin' they gettin' mad at me blatant
They call me a bunch of names, that's some bad defamation
And today I'm gettin' checked at the fuckin' clinic
And if I got somethin' then I know who fuckin' did it
Cause ever since the other day, I kinda feel a little burn when I'm pissin'
And if I got somethin' I hope my girl don't get it, hold up
Uh, yeah
This message is for Mr. Lucas, Dr. Kipling's office calling
Uh, your lab results came in today
And, uh, quite a few positives on there
So please give the office a call back as soon as you can
Thank you

Oh my God, you gotta be fucking kidding me!
C'mere you dirty little muh'fucker, should've listened to me
What did I do?!
Now I'ma cut your ass off ("wait, what did I do?!")
Literally ("Stop! Joyner stop it!")
Get the fuck over here! C'mere! Get the fuck!
"I'm sorry! No, noooo!!"

I've been thinkin' with my dick, baby I ain't got control
I try to fight it but he got a mind of his own
I've been thinkin with my dick but I'm tired of these hoes
And this is my confession, I can't lie anymore
I've been thinkin' with my dick, baby I ain't got control
I try to fight it but he got a mind of his own
I've been thinkin' with my dick but I'm tired of these hoes
And this is my confession, I can't lie anymore
"You have reached the National Suicide Prevention Hotline
Also serving the Veterans' Crisis Line
If you are in emotional distress or suicidal crisis
Or are concerned about someone who might be, we're here to help
Please hold on while we route your call
To the nearest crisis center in our network"Embed
Yo, what's up, this is Joyner
I'm unable to take your call right now
Leave me a brief message and I'll get back to you, peace

You told me not to take it there
I swear to God, man I wasn't supposed to make it here, ah-ah
I wasn't supposed to make it here, ah-ah (Ay)
Close your eyes when you pray at night
But all the money in the world couldn't save your life, ah-ah
The money couldn't save your life, ah-ah (Uh)

What you gon' do when the club close down
And the liquor runs out and you're all by yourself?
What a lonely night (A lonely night)
One lonely night
What you gon' do when the weed don't ease your brain
And numb your pain like it used to?
That's one lonely night (Yeah)
One lonely night (Yeah)

Hennessy by the bottles, double D's on the models
Plenty trees, we can have as many dreams as we want to
That's my life, a-yah-yah-yah
I'ma be alright, a-yah-yah-yah
Gold teeth and some Benzes, twenty-twos and some bitches
Strip clubs every night, that's the life that I'm livin'
And it's mine, a-yah-yah-yah
I'ma be just fine, a-yah-yah-yah
You might also like
What you gon' do when the party close down
And the drugs run out and you're all by yourself?
What a lonely night (Ay)
One lonely night (Uh)
What you gon' do when the pills don't ease your brain
And numb your pain like it used to?
That's one lonely night (Ay)
One lonely night (Yeah)

I just want some weed now
I let you in and all you did was let me down, ah-ah
You let me down, ah-ah
Close your eyes when you pray at night
But all the money in the world couldn't save your life, ah-ah
All the money couldn't save your life, ah-ah

Hey what's up, it's me
Um, I know you're probably not expecting
To hear from me right now but
I just left the club and ain't gonna lie, I'm a little drunk
And all my friends left me, I'm so sad
I really don't want to be alone tonight, so could you come over?
(*Sighs*) I shouldn't have even went out tonight like
I've just been so lost lately, there's been so much on my mind
But I miss you, please call me back
You're like the only one I can talk to, for real
I love you, but I'm so lonely, please baby
Hennessy by the bottles, double D's on the models
Plenty trees, we can have as many dreams as we want to
That's my life, a-yah-yah-yah
I'ma be alright, a-yah-yah-yah
Gold teeth and some Benzes, twenty-twos and some bitches
Strip clubs every night, that's the life that I'm livin'
And it's mine, a-yah-yah-yah
I'ma be just fine, a-yah-yah-yah
What a lonely night
One lonely night

Oh shit, oh shit, here we go again
Make sure you take them clothes off, bitch I'm going in
And you gon' take this dick while I press record
And tonight you my slave, don't you ever tell me no again
Said don't you ever tell me no again
Bitch I'm possessive and I never let you go again
Oh who hittin' you phone at two in the morning?
And I had to tell that nigga, "Don't you ever text my hoe again"
Said, "Don't you ever text my hoe again
Look nigga, I don't care how long you been friends
I don't care if you knew each other since you was kids"
Bitch, I don't care if your little brother is cool with his
I'm the shit, oh shit, where the noise at?
Everybody got a squad, can't avoid that
Niggas screaming "Gang gang gang," oh yeah
But when the shit hit the fan, where your boys at?
Oh shit, oh shit, I don't have a Visa
I think I'ma fall in love with a ballerina
Just let me hit it and I ain't waitin' for marriage neither
Cause she gon' fall and I'ma ball like alopecia
Heh, I said I go bald like alopecia
I turned to God and then read the Bible and grabbed the heater
I want a mansion in Hollywood and Pasadena
But I still ain't got shit and I ain't too happy neither
And everything was all good just a week ago
I heard some shit about you, I ain't believe it though
Cause I don't listen to the gossip or tea and go
And treat your differently cause niggas wanted me to know
Huh, yeah that's for you to guess and me to know
And shorty said I'm cold hearted, my shit three below
Yeah I just ran into the bank, give me all the bread
I ain't really want to do it but I need the dough
Oh shit, here we go again
Make sure you take them clothes off, bitch I'm going in
But you gon' take this dick while I press record
And tonight you my slave, don't you ever tell me no again
(*Crying*) Shut the fuck up, hoe
Look, don't you ever tell me no again
Bitch I'm possessive and I'll never let you go again
But who hittin' you phone at two in the morning?
And I had to tell that nigga, "Don't you ever text my hoe again"
Woo! Yeah, don't you ever text my hoe again
Cause I'm possessive and I'll never let you go again
Hah, don't you ever call my phone again
Yo, yo, hello, you
The fuck? Whoa2Embed
Cause you know it's all over, all over
I'm all over, all over
Cause you know it's all over, all over
I'm all over, all over

Just turn the other way
Yeah, shorty, it's all over, all over
I'm all over, all over
I'm gonna rub it in your face
Cause you know it's all over, all over
I'm all over
I just wanna rub it in your face
Cause you know it's all over, all over
I'm all over, all over
Ain't nothing else to say
Cause you know it's all over, all over
I'm all over, all over
Just turn the other way
Yeah, shorty, it's all over, all over
I'm all over, all over
I'm gonna rub it in your face
Cause you know it's all over, all over
I'm all over, all over, yeah
You might also like
I said, bitch, you got some nerve (you got some nerve)
Yeah, you got some damn nerve, not a damn word
Wanna slap you up, but my hand hurt
Plus, I ain't hit no girl (I ain't hit no girl, man)
Got me on some cold shit, that low shit
That "I don't need you no more" shit
Bitch, I ain't got no time (got time for that shit, man)
Plus you always talkin' bout what you done for me in front of company
Bitch, I don't need you, I just got a new job (just got a new job)
Yeah, I'm getting my cake now, getting laid now
Coming home drunk, all late now

And I don't give a fuck, ain't no way, no how
I got plenty bitches, plenty hoes that want me now
I got liquor in my cup, music on so loud
Every time I hear you talking, imma cut you off and I just wanna

I just wanna rub it in your face
Cause you know it's all over, all over
I'm all over, all over
Ain't nothing else to say
Cause you know it's all over, all over
I'm all over, all over
Just turn the other way
Yeah, shorty, it's all over, all over
I'm all over, all over
I'm gonna rub it in your face
Cause you know it's all over, all over
I'm all over, all over
I just wanna rub it in your face
Cause you know it's all over, all over
I'm all over, all over
Ain't nothing else to say
Cause you know it's all over, all over
I'm all over, all over
Just turn the other way
Yeah, shorty, it's all over, all over
I'm all over, all over
I'm gonna rub it in your face
Cause you know it's all over, all over
I'm all over, all over, yeah
Bitch, you got me all the way fucked up (me all the way fucked up)
Cause I ain't your average dude, no average you
Been playing games, ain't have no rules
Got bitches all on my nuts (niggas swinging and shit)
And I thought about marriage too, ain't have a clue you was fuckin' around with them ratchet dudes
Must think that I'm on drugs (you must think I'm great)
Shit, you must think I'm intoxicated or probably faded off liquor, weed or things I be taking
Just wasn't good enough (oh, I ain't good enough now, huh?)
And I heard your conversations from all the way in the room when you thought I was sleeping

And I don't give a fuck, ain't no way, no how
I got plenty bitches, plenty hoes that want me now
I got liquor in my cup, music on so loud
Every time I hear you talking, imma cut you off and I just wanna

I just wanna rub it in your face
Cause you know it's all over, all over
I'm all over, all over
Ain't nothing else to say
Cause you know it's all over, all over
I'm all over, all over
Just turn the other way
Yeah, shorty, it's all over, all over
I'm all over, all over
I'm gonna rub it in your face
Cause you know it's all over, all over
I'm all over, all over
I just wanna rub it in your face
Cause you know it's all over, all over
I'm all over, all over
Ain't nothing else to say
Cause you know it's all over, all over
I'm all over, all over
Just turn the other way
Yeah, shorty, it's all over, all over
I'm all over, all over
I'm gonna rub it in your face
Cause you know it's all over, all over
I'm all over, all over, yeah
(All over, all over, all over, all over)
(All over, all over, all over, all over)
And I don't give a fuck, ain't no way, no how
(All over, all over, all over, all over)
I got plenty bitches, plenty hoes that want me now
(All over, all over, all over, all over)
I got liquor in my cup, music on so loud
Every time I hear you talking, imma cut you off and I just wanna
(All over, all over, all over, all over)
Every time I hear you talking, imma cut you off and I just wanna
Cut you off and I just wannaEmbed
I get love down in Cali' like the homie Dre (Woo)
But these hoes think I'm Snoop they won't go away (Yeah)
They should play this down in Compton with a cherry drop top
Then everybody get to bouncing till they blow the bass (Uh)
I ain't gotta say much bitches know the face (They know)
Joyner Lucas see it tatted on the shoulder blade (Yuh)
Try to Play me you just Skating on a frozen lake
I just wanna put it in her mouth and make her poker face (Ah)
Yeah, tell me is you taken for the night? (Tell me)
I know what you thinking I'm your savior for the night (Yeah)
I been paper chasing till my bank is looking right
I just need some motivation what you drinkin' for tonight? (What you drinkin' for?)
And don't be talking bout them other heads (Yeah)
Ask about me I've been macking like I'm fucking crag (Mack)
Bitches love me in the country like I'm uncle Ted
I'm just what you made me don't mistake me for a fucking sac
Nah

Homie I'm just what you made me I'm a shooting star, shooting star (Shooting star)
Got a house in the hamptons and a million cars, million cars (I mean it)
We done came from the projects you know who we are (You know who we are)
I'm fine and on top and that livin' in the sky (One more time)
Homie I'm just what you made me I'm a shooting star, shooting star (Woo)
Got a house on the hamptons and a million cars, million cars (This shit sound like , shit)
We done came from the projects you know who we are (Joyner)
I'm fine and on top and that livin' in the sky (Yeah)
You might also like
Uh, Black shorts and a tank top (Yeah)
Dead silence on the charm from the chain spot (Woo)
Couple dollas in my pocket they don't mean much (Nah)
I don't care for bragging you can have it I don't need much (I don't need much)
I remember I was just a nada
Shaggy with da holla
Back when bitches used to call me Mr. Laba-laba
Now I'm Mr. Popa-cala Mr. Drop-a-dolla
Now I'm Mr. Master P Mr. bout-it-bout-it
I got bitches I ain't bored of yet (nope)
Call up Bizzo they gon' hit me with the  check (Oh)
I ain't even got chronic, it's the water bed
Then she wanna fuck even tho she never saw me yet
But I told her don't be talking bout them other heads
Ask about me I've been macking like a fucking crack
Bitches love me in the country like I'm uncle Ted
I'm just honest with you don't mistake me for a fucking sac
Hoe
For a fucking sac

Homie I'm just what you made me I'm a shooting star, shooting star (Shooting star)
Got a house in the hamptons and a million cars, million cars (I mean it)
We done came from the projects you know who we are (You know who we are)
I'm fine and on top and that livin' in the sky (One more time)
Homie I'm just what you made me I'm a shooting star, shooting star (Woo)
Got a house on the hamptons and a million cars, million cars
We done came from the projects you know who we are (Yeah)
I'm fine and on top and that livin' in the sky (Joyner)3Embed
I like this feeling
Yo Q turn me up just a little bit
Yeah, just a little bit
Alright I'm ready let's go

I got 'em bitching, I'm focused
Back and forth from coast and I backstroke and I'm floating
All up in your bitch ocean, I don't think this should be insulting
Drink the juice from my glow stick, don't call me back i'm groaning
But thanks for buying my posters, I fucked around and get twisted
Strait Tequila gon' burn and I write 16's and murder that sick shit
Waiting for my turn, I'm doing this shit since I was an infant
Way before I had sperm, yeah that's the definition of an addiction
Fuck these niggas gonna learn

It'll probably be something that Jay Z in
It'll probably be something Kanye be in
King size bed in the back seat, something that I can make a baby in
Wait hold up, hold up, hold up
Way too much kool aid in your heart valves
If I was you then I'd die now, jump out the window like Ron Brown
So
You might also like
What you, what you, what you want?
What you niggas want?
(?)
Give you want you want
Man this that Chris Angel, that Houdini, that Bum Diggy
Now fuck with me, that black magic
That same shit that made your bitch fall in love with me
What you, what you, what you want?
What you niggas want?
(?)
Give you want you want
Oh yeah this that Copperfield, that David Blaine, that Bum Diggity
Now fuck with me, that black magic
That same shit that made your bitch fall in love with me

Now
I don't need no crew with me, I'm solo
Benz on no polo
No Gucci but I'm so fly
When I walk by it's in slow mo
Shorty want me we both know
She can swallow my mojo
Don't call me back, I'm gross though
But that's the 
I fuck around and get wasted
They don't like me then what a shame
Take a number then wait in line
There's a million niggas who feel the same
Disappear like black magic
Black coupe to get a black wagon
Black driver with a black mask
And a black pistol for your black ass
So fuck a blunt, I'm high off life
Piss me off, that's not alright
Yeah that's that shit I don't like
Bitch hurry up, we don't got all night
508 and that's where I'm from and my shows startin', they ready for me
Profound in my hometown, it's like Motown bitch I'm Berry Gordy
Broke nigga, no tour jet
Big dreams of a Corvette
J-Low on my doorstep with some booty shorts and a corset
So hol' up, hol' up, hol' up, way too much Kool-Aid in your heart valves
If I was you then I'd die now, jump out the window like Ron Browz
So
What you, what you, what you want?
What you niggas want?
(?)
Give you want you want
Man this that Chris Angel, that Houdini, that Bum Diggy
Now fuck with me, that black magic
That same shit that made your bitch fall in love with me
What you, what you, what you want?
What you niggas want?
(?)
Give you want you want
Oh yeah this that Copperfield, that David Blaine, that Bum Diggity
Now fuck with me, that black magic
That same shit that made your bitch fall in love with me1Embed
Breathe
Now, I want you to close your eyes and imagine
You're entering a new dimension
A dimension of sound
A dimension of sight
A dimension of mind
You're moving into a land of  shadow 
Come with me
You lock this door with the feeling of imagination
Low-Frequency Oscillators
You motherfuckers

How the fuck they gon' talk about me?
Bitch, you talkin' 'bout more
You talkin' bout peace, should I talk about war?
You talkin' bout a nigga 'bout a body gotta ride or drive
Or when I catch you, beat you, I just hop up in your Maserati
Get pissed when I spit liquor
A fully grown pimp, bitch with a 
I'ma fully, I'ma automatic stick shift 
With a big dick and a mentioned killer
Certified nigga, I ain't talkin' bout bars
And def come in threes, I ain't talkin' 'bout four
The best come with me, they ain't resting in peace
I'm STD's on your MPC
They envy me, you're the big pet peeve
A lot of rap niggas don't interest me
 press press keys on a nigga had 'em be the itos on Belvita cheese, eggs on my rita
With a chicken noodle soup and a Solo on the side
Pull up on a ride, in the morning when I rhyme
With a mouth cat busy ever dreams of a Drizzy with Cassie and Nicki tryna go at a Minaj
Never scared of death, I don't know why I'm alive
Let her take risks I don't know when I'ma die
Tethered to the booth like I know went over top
And I never been a snitch, I don't know a lot of cops
Cop cars on the block for had the block all blocked off and I blocked more
Mama had a baby and the baby head popped off when the block niggas chopped off on the block, pause
Open up your eyeballs, get a good look
You looking at a nigga that was in a good book
In the rap game, everybody sound the same, with ya lame ass songs with a really good hook
I cook crack on the stove and sell it to a nigga that was jealous of the shit that I was yellin' on a beat that he's probably feelin' so he caught feelings had to drill him in the street
Kill him with the rhythm, put the pistol in his  hit him, get him, and then kill him in the middle of the east
Heavy metal beats, never settle, but I never been or ever willYou might also likeEmbed
Ok my momma said I'm fuckin' up
My daddy say I'm negative
And my grandma said my head is big
And my doc said I need medicine
And my uncle say I'm selfish
And my auntie say I'm helpless
And my cousin said let's fuck bitches and get money and sell bricks
And my teacher said I'm a failure
And I ain't never gon be shit
Imma live fast and die young when that time comes Imma sleep quick
And my girl told me you're never there and I never cared bout nothing else
You don't love me, you love yourself I told the bitch you something else
You, you something else, something else unusual
And I'm sorry girl you're beautiful and I'm not the man you used to know I'm
So different now, real different now, just hear me out
I just wanna get rich and die tryin'. If not, then I die hoping
I'm waking up with my eyes closed, go to sleep with my eyes open
Four friends in my Tahoe realizing I'm not focused
I place hands on that Bible and promised God that I stop smoking
The yacht open, my block holdin' them shots open them too
There's three sides of a story inside my side of the truth
You can see it in my eyes I guess time flies when it's you
Niggas need me in they top 5 and that's top 5 of my crew
So fuck a paystub and that work life
9 to 5 that's your life
Take it slow, I heard fast relationships don't work right
I'm Joyner Lucas you heard right
Most niggas gon hear wrong and it's funny cause they cheer on and they probably won't be here long, nah
That's far as I need to get
Cops talking they need the tip
I don't know I plead the fifth
I need to sip Henny shots, every smoke get high to def
I'm tripping on my ego, well this the negative side effects, so
You might also like
Now everybody wave your motherfucking hands, huh?
You living in hell, living in fear, huh?
We living in jail, living in pent, huh?
The Devil himself, tryna get in, huh?
We living in hell, living in fear, huh?

Ok my momma said I'm fuckin' up
My daddy said I'm negative
And my grandma said my head is big
And ain't that some shit

Shit, I never had no enemies, remember me?
Young nigga, that pretty boy with a new name
Tattoos and 2 chains like Tity Boi no loose change
Dogs walking on two legs
Weird niggas, I'm here, listen my ambition like Cool J
So don't call it no comeback
Feeling like Big Pun back
You ain't shooting, you pussy niggas, so bitch give me my gun back
Scared of noise like, "What's that?"
I'm a Bad Boy where Puff at?
And everything you say you did I pretty much don done that (Whoo!)
At high school I was tripping hard
Skipping class, up in the hall
Stealing clothes all in the mall, and fighting niggas, I did it all
Selling crack in rental cars
My heart told me you sinning hard
I went to church the pastor told me, "What the fuck is you living for?"
And that's as real as I need to get
My girl asked if I cheated on her, I don't know I plead the fifth
I need to sip Henny shots, if you smoke get high to def
I'm tripping on my ego and this the negative side effects, so
Now everybody wave your motherfucking hands, huh?
You living in hell, living in fear, huh?
We living in jail, living in pent, huh?
The Devil himself, tryna get in, huh?
We living in hell, living in fear, huh?

Ok my momma said I'm fuckin' up
My daddy say I'm negative
And my grandma said my head is big
And my doc said I need medicine
And ain't that some shit1Embed
Uh uh uh whoo whoo uh yeah uh yeah whoo
Uh uh yeah uh yeah whoo whoo uh uh
Got some motherfuckin' Ciroc in the buildin'
And I got some motherfuckin' Henny in the buildin' too
And I got my nigga J Black in here too
And I got my nigga Ave in here too
And I got my nigga Azi in here too
My nigga Kev in here too
 (Joyner Lucas, Jamal Black)
Say I'll do my thing just because I need to fuck what you hoe niggas thinking?
Tryna make it all stat with the cash in a wrap and I'm fuckin' your hoes on the weekend
Maybe pass in the back now I'm passing the black matter fact how you hoes wanna do this?
Super stupid, dark as chocolate, big pocket, Joyner Lucas
I'm a fool, let me get it all too
Fuck your girl in the pillow I'll drool
Fuck this world, when I fuck your girl, Imma flex so hard when I fuckin' curl
You feel it, haters stoppin', Trayvon Martin, but gun concealin'
I pop if you , man give you balls, you ain't feeling it, uh
Y'all niggas ain't cool, y'all niggas ain't hot, y'all niggas ain't nothing different
Y'all niggas ain't do the most , y'all niggas ain't even pimpin'
Probably got your bitches dry as fuck and I keep it drippin'
Ay ay, with your baby, you keep her sober, I keep her sippin'
Big difference, from bitchin' pitchin', switchin' words to a vision and flippin' birds in the kitchen, they slick, conversing with women the frickin' nerve of you niggas
Tryna tell us that we ain't the greatest
We love to love and give the same to haters
Can't fade away, let's just play to play this
I'm good, these niggas just mad 'coz me and my niggas got hoes on speed dial
So they hittin' they phone and they don't pick up and they hang once more with the redial
Leased out when I pee now
Probably fuck dirty bitches and you when I'm senile
Future's what I see now, take a puff of the blunt if you really wanna see how
Rappers, gangstas, killers, smokers, bunch of niggas with feelings
Models, hoes, and strippers, hookers, bunch of bitches with children
What you think is appealing me I be fighting the feeling
Just livin' life in the ceilin', ain't gotta like it but feel it
You might also like
Get you, get you, ya ya
The killers on the corner
That hit you with the chopper
Then make you do the cha cha
Make you do the cha cha
Then make you do the cha cha
The killers on the corner
They make you do the cha cha
Get you, get you, ya ya
The killers on the corner
That hit you with the chopper
Then make you do the cha cha
Make you do the cha cha
Then make you do the cha cha
Then hit you with the chopper
They make you do the cha cha
 (Joyner Lucas, Jamal Black)
And I know these niggas just mad 'coz me and J Black got hoes on speed dial
Better ride on out, cut your eyeballs out until you look at me now
And I spit so hard you can dive inside my drool, go swimming and float
By the stop sign too with a woman and hoes on the outside too
I'm hot times 2 times 6 times 7, eight breaks inside my crib when I tie my shoe
Gotta hide my shit, when I ride by you, finna pop my shit, better stop that shit you know better
If I ain't got it I get it, go get it, you got it, I'm a goddamn go-getter
If you knew better you'd do better bet I'm better than you niggas don't know better
How the hell you feelin'? I'm feelin' all great, I'm feelin' like winnin', I'm feelin' on free like dinner in prison, she feelin' on me, I'm feelin' like sinnin' now
I ain't pop no molly, ain't pop no pills, ain't pop no guns, I'm coolin'
She ain't pop no booty, ain't pop no pussy, she swallowed my dick, she droolin'
Rappers, gangstas, killers, smokers, bunch of niggas with feelings
Models, hoes, and strippers, hookers, bunch of bitches with children
Can't pay my rent, never paid more sense, Imma rob motherfuckers
I catch you chillin' with the wrong motherfuckers
Explode your crib put a bomb in the oven
With a match in the wick in the back of the truck when you catch your shit, I be laughing or something
While I'm walking on trains in the back of the tunnel
On the ground, escape 
And grab me a gun just blast me a nun
Don't pass me the blunt, just pass me the lunch
I eat that plate and I need that cake
When I see that bank Imma need that safe
Imma need that cave, when I see that Jake, Imma squeeze that thing
When you see that flame, you gon' need that cane, Imma leave that pain
Imma eat that brain, I don't need champagne, I don't eat pancakes
Plus herbal herbs, y'all get on my nerves, don't shit on my words, don't spit on my verse
I spit in your face, I'll piss in your grave, y'all niggas is birds, my shit is absurd
Get you, get you, ya ya
The killers on the corner
That hit you with the chopper
Then make you do the cha cha
Make you do the cha cha
Then make you do the cha cha
The killers on the corner
They make you do the cha cha
Get you, get you, ya ya
The killers on the corner
That hit you with the chopper
Then make you do the cha cha
Make you do the cha cha
Then make you do the cha cha
Then hit you with the chopper
They make you do the cha cha1Embed
I want you you know that why should we wait any longer
If you feel like I do thats the sign and we should get
Down
Let the people think what they want I don’t care we are meant to be
Everyday I want to think of you im in love
My queen

You know I you know I love you like cooked food
You know I need you like gravity in outer space
You know you keep me in a good mood and you don’t even get mad when im out of place
I love you like a fat killer ok
And thats what 50 said and even if im down to my last 50 cent then baby its all yours
You love it when I get a aggressive like a small forward
I tell you I tell you how much I need to see you
You make a nigga wanna make a pledge allegiance to you
And if you ever home alone don’t be scared to call
Wish I could plant you and grow a whole field of yall
And I know ya mama think im crazy (uh huh)
But I think that maybe if she got to know me she would wanna date me
That's just a joke
Shit you know I love your smile too
And your good enough to be alive cause you sound true
I think I found you
You might also like
(I found you ,I found you ,I found you ,I found you)
Yeah I think I found you
(I found you I found you I found you I found you I found you)

I want you you know that why should we wait any longer
If you feel like I do thats the sign and we should get
Down
Let the people think what they want I don’t care we are meant to be
Everyday I want to think of you im in love
My queen
You're my sun don’t leave it just begun
My queen
You're my sun don’t leave it just begun

Sometimes walking away is the most constructive thing you can do
Because you are showing them the consequences of their behavior
And if they actually want to interact with you
Then they will have to change to be more compatible with your frequency in order to get you back in their reality
So sometimes the most positive thing you can do is to disconnect from someone who is of an incomparable vibration to you
Does that make sense to You?
But that may be the last resort
You may have to do that and recognize it as the most compassionate thing that you can actually do because you are showing them what the consequences of their behavior is on you
However
You always have the opportunity to reflect to someone what you believe their vibration is doing
Most people in that sense who are
Projecting on others are simply projecting their own fears about themselves on to others a fear of lack of power or lack of connection lack of belonging lack of self  worth and are projecting it onto others to distract them selves from having to look at that belief within in their own being
(Instrumental)Embed
No more talk, I'm gonna beat you
Hey!

They told me not to rap about hoes
I rap about bitches
Gotta rap about guns
I brag about (don't know wut he said right here)
Man i rap about fun
I'm not happy
Man I'm a fucking miserable dick
I shot lastic with a rubber grip mc double clipYou might also like1Embed
She said she grew up with no mama
And never knew her papa
No-one to adopt her
Her grandma in a doctor's and her grandpa in a coma
No-one to console her
The winds start to get stronger and them nights start to get colder and her heart start to get weaker
She wonder why she breathing
She started thinking "nothing worse than living life with no meaning when there's nothing else to believe in
And your dreams shattered in pieces"
Started feeling like Jesus in this world surrounded by demons
Every fucking day is a problem
Fired from her new job, and
She prostitutin' for dollars just to pay her way through college
But this shit is making her weak
And the pills making her sleep
And the niggas taking her drinks and left her for dead, raped in the street
Her life was prolly laying uncovered
But ain't nobody know nothing
And the ambulance just rushed her to the hospital to resuscitate and back to life she made it
But inside she died, despite the agonies that she faced she picked the pieces up and got straight and said she'd find a way

Find a way x17
You might also like
He said he grew up with no patience
Parents on vacation
Left home with no trace he started hanging out with them gangsters, yeah, them muhfuckers from 
Running round with no patience
The sky start to get darker and them nights start to get dangerous and his mind start to get weak
Contemplating 'bout leaving
Started thinking "ain't nothing worse than living life with no meaning
When there's nothing else to believe in
And your dreams shattered in pieces"
Started feeling all real and ready, so he signed up for the military
Guess fighting War is his way to vic'
The fucking up gon pay the rent
Met a girl, he made a friend
He loved her kids like they were his
He found love, and it's sweet
But the War making him weak
Put a bullet right in the cheek
And left him for dead right in the street
His life was prolly laying uncovered
And them soldiers can't stop bustin'
And the helicopter just rushed him to the hospital to resuscitate and back to life he made it
And later on he got married, heard his wife was having a baby, homie, big congratulations, cuz he found a way


Life passin' me by, people just starin' at me
Lettin' down the windows, smokin' my new podsYou might also likeEmbed
It's OK that you got two kids
Got no man
Working two jobs and got no friends
All on your own and got no hands
And it's alright that you leave on your own
Handling on your own
Got two feet and you stand on your own
Girl, you look better when you standing alone
It's OK!
You stay in the house, never go out
Low profile and you never show out
You stay within your circle so no man can ever hurt you
Even if he know how!
It's alright that you don't know how to love
You've been too busy finishing school all in a new city
And TLC, nigga you feel un-pretty
Bitch fly and the motherfucker
It's OK if you don't smoke weed, don't drink much!
You talk too low and you never say much!
Appreciate life and you never hate much!
It's alright if you've got no ass, got no hips
Dance all alone on this night out
Bitch, you're beautiful from the inside out!
Yeah, it's cool, your heart turned cold
Enough's enough cause the last nigga done fucked it up
Now you're just single, never want another nigga
Never wanna give your heart again!
It's alright!
It's snowing and it's gonna rain
First comes joy and then comes pain, yeah
No one's perfect, and it's no way
And I just want to let you know it's OK!
You might also like
It's OK! It's OK!
It's OK! It's OK!
It's alright! It's alright!
It's alright! It's alright!
It's OK! It's OK!
It's OK! It's OK!
It's alright! It's alright!
It's alright! It's alright!
It's OK! It's OK!
It's OK! It's OK!
It's alright! It's alright!
It's alright! It's alright!
What do they know, what do they know, anyway?
What do they know, what do they know, anyway?
What do they know, what do they know, anyway?
What do they know, what do they know, anyway?

It's OK that you never had sex, never had dick
Never give it up to a nigga that quick
How many women could say that shit?
It's alright that you do it 100
Speak your mind!
Whatever you chose to seek, you're fine!
Never so simple, that's three, four, five
But she's so fly!
And it's OK that your baby daddy gone
Dead beat nigga, gotta do many, you love when you're with him!
I bet he probably gonna treat your kids better
It's alright!  of the world!
Please don't feel all mad at the world!
They don't understand you're attracted to the girls!
And it's OK!
You wanna get weed, wanna get a 
Males don't feel it
But that's on point with' not to a villain
You're fond to a criminal
And I think you own it all to a villain!
It's alright!
Respect yourself, respect your body
Learn' impress nobody
They wanna be you, but you let nobody
Let nobody!
It's OK
You've got no ass, got no hips
Dance all alone on this night out
She looks good from the inside out!
It's alright!
It's snowing and it's gonna rain
First comes joy and then comes pain, yeah
No one's perfect, and it's no way
And I just want to let you know that it's OK!
It's OK! It's OK!
It's OK! It's OK!
Bitch, it's alright! It's alright!
It's alright! It's alright!
It's OK! It's OK!
It's OK! It's OK!
It's alright! It's alright!
It's alright! It's alright!
It's OK! It's OK!
It's OK! It's OK!
It's alright! It's alright!
It's alright! It's alright!
What do they know, what do they know, anyway?
What do they know, what do they know, anyway?
What do they know, what do they know, anyway?
What do they know, what do they know, anyway?1Embed
Leave me alone
Y'all ever heard of that term
What's it called, uh
Fatal attraction
Well this story right here
It's like that
Thin line between love and hate times ten
You be the judge

She sent me one-hundred and fifty letters sayin' we should be together
And how we should meet each other, when are we gon' see each other
Blowin' up my phone, I ain't even give my number
Leavin' voicemails to my fuckin' brother and my mother
Photoshopping pictures with me and my sister on it
Cut my little sister's head off and stuck her picture on it
She tatted Future Joyner on her titties and her stomach
Tellin' me that if we fuck she  for my brothers
Middle of the night she was in my fuckin' dreams
With a knife tellin' me that "It ain't really what it seems
I'll slice your fuckin' throat nigga, don't you even scream
Future Joyner don't you love me baby, we can be a team
Stick together, you and me forever, Batman and Robin
Or I'll cut your fuckin' dick off like I'm Lorena Bobbitt"
I woke up, jumped in the whip and tried to leave
But she was in the backseat with my keys like "Uh-uh-uh
It's you and me"
You might also like
Uh Uh Uh Uh
Uh Uh Uh Uh
Leave me alone
Bitch, leave me alone
Uh Uh Uh Uh
Uh Uh Uh Uh
Leave me alone
Uh Uh Uh Uh
Uh Uh Uh Uh
Leave me alone
Uh Uh Uh Uh
Uh Uh Uh Uh

She snuck in my hotel room
Lookin' all seductive, almost fell for it
Put my phone in her panties, tied me to the headboard
Shoved a pill down my throat and then my body felt sore
I woke up in the prison right before they shut the cell door
"Officer what fuck?" he said "Nigga listen
Since you wanna rape women, you gon' be somebody's bitch" and
I was trippin' like "Nigga what? You got it fucked up"
He said "Keep your mouth shut, pussy, tell it to the judge"
I went to court the next day, she was in the stands
Slipped the cuffs of my hand, then I ran, goddamn
Took a right down the alley, gettin' chased by the feds
Made it to my nigga's house and she was layin' in the bed like
"You can't run from me Future, don't you understand
I'm your number one fan, what about our fuckin' plans?"
I said "Bitch, you a crazy schizophrenic heffer leave
Won't you let me fuckin' breathe?" She said "Uh-uh-uh
It's you and me" *gunshot*
Uh Uh Uh Uh
Uh Uh Uh Uh
Leave me alone
Bitch, leave me alone
Uh Uh Uh Uh
Uh Uh Uh Uh
Leave me alone
Uh Uh Uh Uh
Uh Uh Uh Uh
Leave me alone
Uh Uh Uh Uh
Uh Uh Uh Uh
Leave me aloneEmbed
Yeah, yeah, yeah

Get away from me, if I was you, I'd watch what you say to me
Snakes all in my bed, wanna lay with me?
This ain't no motherfuckin' game, why you play with me?
Don't play with me, this the only thing
I love, I love, love, love, love
I love, I love, love, love, love
I love, I love, love, love, love
I love, don't play with me, this the only thing
I love, I love, love, love, love
I love, I love, love, love, love
I love, I love, love, love, love
I love...

Look, I love it when they count me out, I'm a soldier (I'm a soldier)
Love when they think I ain't cool 'cause I'm sober ('Cause I'm sober)
You used to love when we was down, we was closer (Yeah, yeah)
But I stopped lovin' ever since I got fucked over
Ho, don't call me, I don't know ya
You gotta keep that same energy (Energy)
I'm not no regular entity (Woo)
I'm not your friend, I'm your enemy (Enemy)
I don't know what's gotten into me
Lately, I'm just feelin' finicky
Lately, I just want the cake and the greatest amenities
Lately, I ain't got no sympathy, aim at the industry
This ain't the way that they pictured me, what's your identity?
I guess I'm linin' 'em up
I keep my nine in the trunk (Bang)
All of y'all niggas gon' bleed (Bleed)
Guess it's that time of the month
I done came up from the mud
They said I'd never be nothin', they said I'd never be rich
They said I'd never be anything, I told 'em, "Get off my dick"
You might also like
Get away from me, if I was you, I'd watch what you say to me
Snakes all in my bed, wanna lay with me?
This ain't no motherfuckin' game, why you play with me?
Don't play with me, this the only thing
I love, I love, love, love, love
I love, I love, love, love, love
I love, I love, love, love, love
I love, don't play with me, this the only thing
I love, I love, love, love, love
I love, I love, love, love, love
I love, I love, love, love, love
I love...

Yo, I love days they say I couldn't eat when I fell (Yeah)
On the streets with no help (Word)
Money ain't everything (Woo)
Nigga, speak for yourself (Ayy)
Pawn shops every week (Week)
Scrapin' change, pay the bills (Yeah)
Rainy days, couldn't sleep (Word)
Now I sleep with my grills (Joyner)
I wanted to be like Hov (Woo)
I'm livin' la vida loc' (Loc')
They jus' wanna ride my wave (Woo)
You ain't never seen my boat (Splash)
Hit 'em with the Eastside smoke
I'ma kill everyone, I'm a G.I. Joe
Hidin' my weapons all in my Levi's coat
If a nigga was pimpin', you'd prolly be my ho (Woo)
I need some different opponents ('Ponents)
I think I live in the moment (Yeah)
I fuck my bitch in the mornin' (Joyner)
I take that shit when I want it (True)
All you new niggas be frontin'
You just be lyin', I keep it 300
Came up from nothin', I say what I want
And no, ain't no discussion, I aim and I bust
Get away from me, if I was you, I'd watch what you say to me
Snakes all in my bed, wanna lay with me?
This ain't no motherfuckin' game, why you play with me?
Don't play with me, this the only thing
I love, I love, love, love, love
I love, I love, love, love, love
I love, I love, love, love, love
I love, don't play with me, this the only thing
I love, I love, love, love, love
I love, I love, love, love, love
I love, I love, love, love, love
I love (I love, I love)38Embed
It kinda feels like, I'm dyin’ on the inside
It kinda feels like, I been tryna get by

And I been this way since day one
I don't need no medication
No, I don't need no drugs
Or maybe I’m different, and maybe my ADHD got me trippin'
And maybe I'm just everything that you missin', yeah

I feel like I'm dying inside
Why do I seem crazy?
Someone save me (Save me)
You can't blame me (Blame me)
It's my ADHD, yeah

My mind racin', I been paranoid
Overthinkin’, maybe that’s a void (Woo, woo)
Don't cut me off like I don’t have a voice
I think I was born different, I ain't really have a choice, yeah (Yeah)
Class in session, you a hour late (Hour late)
Don't play with me, today is not the day (Oh yeah)
Pay attention, I am not deranged
I could tell you what I'm thinkin’, I just don't know how to say it
Maybe I get on your nerves, I mean what I say (Oh yeah)
I been a man of my words, eon wide awake (Yeah, yeah)
Maybe a lil' disturbed, but that's just me
You don't bleed the blood I bleed
I wear my heart on my sleeve, nigga
You might also like
And I been this way since day one (And I been this way since day one)
I don't need no medication (I don't need no medication)
No, I don't need no drugs
Or maybe I'm different, and maybe my ADHD got me trippin'
And maybe I'm just everything that you missin', yeah

I feel like I'm dying inside
Why do I seem crazy?
Someone save me (Save me)
You can't blame me (Blame me)
It's my ADHD, yeah

It kinda feels like, I'm dying on the inside
It kinda feels like, I been tryna get by

Yipee-yipee-yih-yoh-yipee-yah-yah
Staring at the fire, kumbaya
I'ma take you higher, take you higher
I'ma take you higher, take you higher
Too many things on my head (Yeah, yeah), what am I thinkin'?
How come I can't go sleep in my bed? (Oh, yeah)
I hear them talking, everyone stranger
They leave me for dead (Oh, yeah)
'Cause they want me gone (Yeah)
This that shit I be on (Yeah)
Ain't no one to lean on (Yeah)
And you know I been this way since day one (I been this way since day one)
I don't need no medication (I don't need no medication)
Or maybe I'm on one
Or maybe I'm different, and maybe my ADHD got me trippin'
And maybe I'm just everything that you missin', yeah

I feel like I'm dying inside (Inside)
Why do I seem crazy? (Crazy, yeah, yeah)
Someone save me (Save me)
You can't blame me (Blame me)
It's my ADHD, yeah

It kinda feels like, I'm dyin' on the inside52Embed
This is a WJZ13 Eye Witness News Special Report
Good afternoon everybody, I'm Mary Buballa, we will join Dr. Phil in just a moment but first, breaking news out of Silverspring, Maryland
A gunman has entered the Discovery Channel building on Georgia Avenue in Silverspring, and taken at least one hostage. We're gonna look at some video of the building
The man entered it around 1 this afternoon. It is not known if the man works there now or has worked there in the past
Police are not saying that anybody have been hurt at this point. Police are saying that the suspect does have concerns about the Discovery Channel-
He's making some demands I'm not getting into. We are-
The man needs to be listened to. Somebody needs to listen to this guy. I mean...
We just received word the suspect is 23 year old black male. We have a name. Future. Future Joyner. He's not backing down, he's determined-
He's apparently some sort of rapper
Somebody needs to listen to this kid
Somebody really needs to listen to this guy before he kills people-

Uh, you muhfuckas better listen to me
You got no muhfuckin' choice, so what's the
Chance of the world hearin' my muhfuckin' voice?
Embrace it (Ahh), I kill a hostage
Spit the conscious of a prick that's violent (Yeah)
I'm twisted minded, bitch I grew up in the Worcester projects (Yeah)
You might as well try to kill me 'fore I blew up (Uh)
So fuck everybody when I grew up, henny when I threw up
Corona and Tequila in my cooler, black smoke seepin' from the Cuba
Attract mode, scratch from the cougar (Ah)
Plottin' on them diamonds from the jeweler (Yeah)
Reach from the tool to fill the rugger
That the mouya from Bermuda, to Aruba, we maneuverin'
The movin' in the blue Corolla, Suburu, the new one (Ah)
I spend like a champ, tell me, who won? (Won)
Fuck around, get your whole fuckin' crown blew up (Bang)
My nigga Aziz told me how to get this moola (Yeah)
Nigga Trubs took me down to Ayab (Uh), where niggas get sprayed at (Brrap)
And bitches get laid at (Yeah), and niggas just hate that (Why?)
'Cause actual niggas ain't them niggas you could pay back (Yeah)
You fuck what you heard, I be way back
'Cause I ain't goin' nowhere (Nah), so homie, don't go there
I swear y'all forgot about Joyner, I been lingin' in the cut
Mr. Alcohol Peroxide lingin' in ya cuts (Ahh)
 schemin'  crack, what you bangin' in ya trunk?
Niggas think they off the chain, but I been chainin' niggas up (Yeah)
Joyner off the meat rack, hangin' niggas up
I'm with the Satan for the flames and I been blazin' niggas up (Ooh)
Y'all been eatin' long enough now, stop bein' greedy
Snatch the food up out ya plate, better move out the way
'Fore I shoot out the place (Bang), what you fools gotta say?
Niggas ain't sayin' nothin', gotta do  days
I know some bad hoes that suck the poo out a lake
And I don't do a lotta drinkin', I just cool out and wait
Funny thing is, they think they sicker than me
I shot these industry niggas up, now listen to meYou might also likeEmbed
Let's go
Yeah
Let's get 'em, oh

My father showed me love but it wasn't enough
So I grew up a lit fuse or blow up on a bus
These fuckers treat me like a nigga ain't suffer enough
What? (No hard feelings, dawg, it's all good, I see you)
Now I raise hell like Satan is back
Abrasion, it hurting, aching and scratching, aim for you back
I'm the equivalent to Ronald Reagan raping the track
Nasty (I'm finna catch up, ten cents of angel)
Bullemic what I'm eating, what's the meaning of life
I had a meet up with a demon and my dream with a knife (Yeah)
I beat your cheek with an Adidas 'till you eating the stripes
Bitch (I ain't mean to do it but I have to, durr)
I'm steaming while I'm freezing in a G2 Fury
Diving down into the ocean with my deep blue jury
I stab your face with a clab and make sea food chilly
Yeah (Take your lobsters off, post these niggas, magnet)
I paint a perfect picture, need some abstract colors
Too half ass, so bad luck like two black ass niggas
Division, clap the one ho like two half-black brothas, oww
My mother showed me love but I needed some more
So I grew up an angry nigga just to even the score
Watch your wrist get shined, while we eat off the floor
Damn (That's tough but I get mine though)
Drunk driving, diving off an air plane propeller
With a stolen umbrella 'cause my parachute have bullet holes
Police helicopters shooting so I could have pulled those
The final gravity falling rapidly with my fitted loaf
Cutting flow can rock shit, can hop big, can spinach blow
Heart's shaking, heart's break, thoughts racing, criminals
Every five seconds like getting more difficult
(And you know it's- it's gon' start get harder too)
I don't think I fear the rest, punch you in your ear and neck (Blah)
Man in the mirror, Mike Jackson and I manifest
180-prayer connect, call me if you fear of death
(I don't fear shit but Jesus, nigga)
Bloody paw prints when I smack the shit out of ghost
Pull the crust out the globe, had to cuss out the sober
Mixing up alcohol, I'm the drug Al Capone
(A young nigga might know me as Joyner)
You can call me Garry Lucas Jr
Mr. Super Duper shoot bazookas, packing two belugas
Smoking hookah, need to prove the movement
Losing, skip the grove, and here we use the rulers
(Two thumbs down for y'all wack niggas, hey)
You walking on a fine line
Call yourself a player but you sitting on a sideline (Yeah)
Here's the grind time
They used to say I was stupid, now they call me EinsteinYou might also likeEmbed
Yeah, yeah
Lord Quest, what up?
Future Joyner out here
Uh (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Uh

Couple things about me I don't puff a lot of (Lot of, lot of)
Not a Christian and my auntie say I cuss a lot, uh (A lot, uh, a lot, uh)
She a bad bitch but I done heard enough about her ('bout her, 'bout her)
She mean a lot to you but I don't give a fuck about her ('bout her, 'bout her)

When I'm rich, they'll be jags that I'm drippin' outta (Outta, outta)
So what the fuck I gotta do to make a couple dollars? (Dollars, dollars)
Life's a bitch, you shouldn't press your luck around her ('round her, 'round her)
Just throw a condom on, but fuck a  (, )

Everybody call me Joyner but my Mom different (Different)
She call me Gary, but the fiends call me Joseph Griffin (Griffin)
Chef boy, cookin' up hits in my boy's kitchen (Kitchen)
Guaranteed that once they hit it, they'll be all trippin' (Trippin')

Clap, clap, let the heater go (Go)
Everything was good just a week ago ('go, 'go)
Let the birds talk, chirpin' ain't a secret though (Though)
But these bitches know that they won't ever look at me for dough (Dough)
You might also like
Couple things about me I don't puff a lot of (Lot of, lot of)
Not a Christian and my momma say I cuss a lot, uh (A lot, uh, a lot, uh)
She a bad bitch but I done heard enough about her ('bout her, 'bout her)
She mean a lot to you but I don't give a fuck about her ('bout her, 'bout her)

What you know about me? I don't talk a lotta, (Lotta)
She got a big mouth, so I don't really talk around her ('round her)
Steady searching for the love, but it's hard to find it (Find it)
She want my heart but only my goddaughter got it
Hoes with the modem, I don't  the car around it ('round it)
Swallow your pride, take a shot, and build a bar around it ('round it)
Dehydration in my flow, but the water rising (Rising)
Drink 'em up, shit 'em out in my port-a-potty (Potty)

When I'm rich, they'll be jags that I'm drippin' outta (Outta, outta)
So what the fuck I gotta do to make a couple dollars? (Dollars, dollars)
Life's a bitch, you shouldn't press your luck around her ('round her, 'round her)
Just throw a condom on, but fuck a  (, )

Snitches know the definition of a lawyer means
Do you know the definition of your loyal means
Now a nigga out of prison, payin' lawyer fees
One squeeze, last breath right before you leave
Clap, clap, let the heater go (Go)
Everything was good just a week ago ('go, 'go)
Let the birds talk, chirpin' ain't a secret though (Though)
But these bitches know that they won't ever look at me for dough (Dough)

Couple things about me I don't puff a lot of (Lot of, lot of)
Not a Christian and my momma say I cuss a lot, uh (A lot, uh, a lot, uh)
She a bad bitch but I done heard enough about her ('bout her, 'bout her)
She mean a lot to you but I don't give a fuck about her ('bout her, 'bout her)

Give a fuck about her
I don't give a fuck about her
Bitches come down in dozens, manEmbed
What?
It's over
Bitch it ain't over 'till I say so!

Bitch you got some fuckin' nerve
Oh, you really gon' kick me to the curb?
Hope you find the worst nigga you deserve
I hope he treats you like I did, even worse
Nah, I'm trippin, I'm just mad baby listen
I'm sorry I- I don't mean to come at you like this you know
I'm just
I'm still a little bit upset 'cause you know I thought we was gon' make it workYou might also likeEmbed
Father, forgive me

I'm staring at this Bible as I keep glancing
Dear Lord, I got questions and I need answers
Tryna understand your vision, all I see is damage
Just a bunch of dead bodies in the street camping
A bunch of lost souls on their feet standing
We supposed to be your children, I thought we family
You're supposed to be my Father, bruh, I need answers
We don't need to die young, we just need chances
Tired of living on the edge so we keep scrambling
Tryna talk to these strippers but they keep dancing
We just wanna be number one like Steve Francis
Bow our heads, say a prayer, now the seed's planted
Everywhere I turn, I'm seeing MC's vanish
Lot of good niggas gone, I don't understand it
Lot of families lost and they sea stranded
I ain't tryna disrespect you, I just need answers
I know you're watching us from heaven thinking, "Who to save?"
Cherry pickin' who should go next and who should stay
I'd be on my way to heaven if I knew the way
And bring back every good nigga you choose to take
They say you never wrong, but you done made a few mistakes
'Cause you taking the wrong niggas, maybe you should trade
Trade us back all the real ones, remove the fakes
I think you should trade
Give us 2Pac back, and take that nigga Suge (Ooh!)
Let the legend resurrect and he gon' live for good (Ooh!)
I been screaming "Thug life" in every different hood (Thug life, thug life)
If only you could bring him back, Lord, I wish you would
Give us Biggie, give us Pun, give us Triple X
Take that nigga Trump with you, that's a bigger threat
There's too much power for a coward with no intellect
That's a bigot with a collar, there's a disconnect
Niggas dying, Mama crying, Grandma need a tissue
Niggas shootin' up a church, now I need a pistol
All them niggas still livin', you don't see the issue
But how you take Selena and then you take Aaliyah with you?
I ain't tryna disrespect, just need to meet up with you (Lord)
I ain't tryna overstep, just want to reason with you (Lord)
Give us back our loved ones and take the evil with you (Lord)
Send them suckers straight to hell, they don't need a vigil (Woo!)
I need you to give us back Martin Luther, take Martin Shkreli (Take!)
Give us back Malcolm, take R. Kelly
R.I.P. Lil Snupe, give that boy his life back
Take Eric Holder, give us Eric Wright back
I'm sending you this message, Lord, I hope you hit me right back
They say I'm on the wrong train, I know I'm on the right track (Yeah)
'Cause Trayvon gone, and all he did was try to fight back
Zimmerman walk around free, we don't like that (We don't like that)
Why you take our mothers from us?
Our fathers and our sisters and our cousins from us?
Got these children getting murdered while they double dutchin'
Wonder why the fuck you take Nipsey Hussle from us?
Damn, you took a true king, a true brother from us
This a fuckin' marathon, but they runnin' from us
Now everybody got guns, niggas up to something
And every gangsta wanna prove that they tough or something
You know it's not fair, tell the truth, I've been in my feelings too
But if you took Emmett Till, at least take Dylann Roof
At least take James Holmes, I ain't even mad at that
Just bring back Whitney, and give us Michael Jackson back
Feds want me in the slammer, damn
Ain't no justice for Sandra Bland, we up like the ceiling fan
Lord, if you listenin', I'm just lookin' for a hand to hand
Take out the fuck niggas and give us back our fam again
Drownin' in my tears, tryna pray for something (Woo!)
Wonder why you give us life for you to take it from us (Woo!)
Wonder why you give us family then erase them from us (Woo!)
Maybe hopefully you can have a conversation with us (Yeah)
Maybe I'm just probably tripping 'cause I need a hug (I need a hug)
The hood can't find jobs, now we need a plug (We need a plug)
Everybody and their mama tryna be a thug
I don't go to church 'cause I'm afraid of being judged
I've been starin' at the ceiling as I lie in bed
Watchin' niggas follow trends like Simon Says (Yeah)
I pray you give us back the real ones and try again
Or maybe take them niggas that deserve to die instead
Tomi Lahren run her mouth and then she get defensive
Laura Ingraham laughin' at death and disrespectin'
I really feel like you should teach them stupid hoes a lesson
Either that or give us back somebody who deserve the blessings
I left out a bunch of names that I forgot to mention
Cost too much to pay attention, then it got expensive
Father forgive me, for I know not what I do
And now I'm reachin' out to you, hopin' you hear me and return the message (Joyner)
I know that you got our back and that you're not against us
Or maybe you just love us so you doin' shit to test us
I just kinda thought that you would do more to protect us
They say that the good die young and I ain't on the guest list
I've been drinkin', Lord forgive me, it's my blood racin'
I don't know what I'm thinking, I'm just frustrated
I don't mean to question you, I'm just confused
I don't know what else to do, I've been patient and it sucks waiting
Took my mans from me, that forever hurts
But puttin' the blame on you, that'd never work
I know this ain't your fault, it's the devil's work
Devil's workYou might also like81Embed
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder, or better known as ADHD, is a mental disorder that affects an individual's ability to focus
Causing them to move around more frequently
They may also have trouble controlling their impulsive behaviors

One time for them prayin' on my downfall (Yeah)
Two times for the homies in the chow hall (Whoa)
Three times for them hoes on the internet
Shittin' on niggas when they really should get out more
Four times for the days that were all bad (Woo!)
Five times for the bitches who ain't called back (Yeah)
Six times for the kids like me who got ADHD just to— (Brap, brap, brap)

Kidnap a nigga like ISIS (Whoa)
Turn a whole world to a crisis (Whoa)
Walk around the city with a ice pick
I been paranoid, usually, I ain't like this (Boop, boop)
Ain't no tellin' how crazy I might get, uh (Woo!)
Beat the police with a nightstick (Boop)
In my whole life, I been lifeless
Now I'm so fly, I'm a muhfuckin' flight risk (Woo! Whoa)
Fuck a couple hoes 'til I pass out (Whoa)
Niggas throwin' stones at my glass house (Whoa)
I remember sleepin' on my dad's couch (Whoa)
Now I got the Bentley, and it's blacked out (Whoa)
Family lookin' at me like a cash cow (Whoa)
E'rybody dissin' just to have clout (Whoa)
Thought you had a chance, now you assed out
Nigga, I'm the muhfuckin' man, where you at now? (Whoa)
Fuck it, I'ma hit 'em 'til they jumpin'
I ain't trippin', this is nothin' (Brap, brap, brap)
I been livin' in the dungeon
I done held a couple grudges
Went to hell and got abducted
Meet the devil, I'm his cousin
I ain't settlin' for nothin' (Brap, brap, brap)
Got a metal in the truck, I keep a semi when I'm bussin'
Niggas duckin' (Bop)
Even Stevie Wonder could've see it comin' (Brrrap, brap, bop)
I ain't judgin', I just want the money, I don't need a budget
I been hungry, I ain't got no oven (Bop, bop, brrrap, brap)
But I got the munchies, nigga
How you gon' move on the front line? (Woo!)
If I don't fuck with you, I just cut ties (Whoa)
My high school teacher said I'd never be shit
Tell that bitch that I turned out just fine (Joyner)
And no, I don't know you for the twelfth time (Woo!)
We do not share the same bloodline (No)
You love to run your mouth like a tough guy
Hope you keep the same energy when it's crunch time (Woo!)
You might also like
According to the American Psychiatric Association
It affects roughly eight percent of children
And two percent of adults
Commonly believed to only affect boys
Because they are perceived as rowdy and rambunctious

One time for them prayin' on my downfall (Yeah)
Two times for them bitches in the South Shore (Whoa)
Three times for them days on the block
Gettin' chased by the cops like a motherfuckin' outlaw
Four times for the days that were all bad (Woo!)
Five times for the bitches who ain't called back (Yeah)
Six times for the kids like me who got ADHD just to— (Brap, brap, brap)

Me and Joyner need a couple hearses (Woo!)
Double homicide, kill the beat and the verses
Everybody livin' on the surface
But we came from the underground, yeah, we deserve it
What's beef?
Beef is when you murder motherfuckers on a beat
Kill 'em all, kill 'em all
Nah, nah, what's beef?
Beef is brothers dyin' over shit
That never mattered in the first place, lyin' in the street
What's peace?
Peace is when you leave it in the past, let it heal like a cast
When enough time pass, then you blast
Kinda like John Wick, bars like a convict
Fuck around and you don't wanna start shit, woo!
Comin' with the hot shit, all they do is talk shit
You could never top it, boy, just stop, stop it
High and drunk, call that HD vision
All these other motherfuckers full of indecision
And I murder with precision all over your television
I'm numero uno, number one and you is just a subdivision
Never listen, we gon' leave them missin'
That's the mission like ISIS (ISIS)
Ain't no time to bicker over who the nicest
It's Logic, it's obvious, just ask the audience
I've come to body this shit (Body this shit)
Yes, it's egregious, I'm Regis, you Kelly, you pussy (You pussy)
Don't push me, I'm Louis Vuitton
You at Target with your mom
On the internet still hatin' on my last post (I hate this nigga)
I just sent a steak back at Mastro's, my god
Me and Joyner need a couple hearses (Woo!)
Double homicide, kill the beat and the verses
Everybody livin' on the surface
But we came from the underground, yeah, we deserve it
Yeah, uh, far from the minimum, killin' 'em with no Ritalin
And 5'9" was the middleman to get 'em in the same room
Now we on the same tune and we sealed the game's doom
The illest of lyricists on the same shit
RattPack, clap back on the gang shit
Do it for the love of rap, not for the fame shit, woo!
One time for the Grammy that I never got
Two times for the Garden that I sold out
Three times for the street crimes that I committed
Yeah, I did it, but thank God that I made it out
Four times 'cause I'm a fuckin' bastard
Five times Platinum with my last shit
Six times for the beats and the rhymes
Fuck the heat and the crime
Keep the peace like a waistline, woo!

ISIS, ISIS, ISIS, ISIS, ISIS
ISIS, ISIS, ISIS, ISIS, ISIS
ISIS, ISIS, ISIS, ISIS, ISIS
ISIS, ISIS, ISIS194Embed
First, we're affected by what we know
When I talk to the kids in high school classes, college classes, that's the first thing I tell 'em
Get the information while you're here
Like nothing worse than being stupid when you get out of school
So get the information, being broke is bad
But being stupid is what's really bad
And what's really, really bad is being broke and stupid

Uh, this the shit I dreamed about when I was only four
Sugar, water, mac and cheese, we were broke and poor (Yeah)
Court evictions, landlords never showed remorse
Now I'm in the building, when they greet me, they gon' hold the door (Yeah)
I never needed your acceptance, this is my destin'
I made devil's work and turned it into God's blessings
Can't knock me off the block, this is not Tetris
Life lessons, I learned tables turn, that's my assessment
They told me to be patient, but I need to flex (Woo)
I'm so famous, I can finally hit JAY-Z direct (Yeah)
I might hit up Drake and tell him to send me the jet (Shoo)
I might drink Cîroc with Puff if he send me a check (Word)
Lot of squares in my family, I could see the stress
Bunch of crabs in the bucket tryna eat my flesh
I ain't nothing like you niggas, I don't even rest
I don't sleep until I see success, I wish you the best (Joyner)
I ain't on no hating shit, I just wanna get rich (Word)
I don't do relationships, I don't wanna commit
Lot of bitches did me dirty, ain't talk to me since
And now I'm insecure, closed off, but that's hard to admit (Word)
I'm just thinking 'bout the days that were making me jealous
Can't rain on my parade when I'm made of umbrellas (Woo)
Fuck it, it don't faze me, I don't stay in my feelings
Thought money would change me, but it changed all my niggas (Facts)
I just bought a Lamborghini and painted the ceiling
I ain't bragging, I'm just happy I made me a million
ADHD, I was slow, now they label me brilliant
I'm proud of niggas like Hov, he made him a billion (Yeah)
I hope I never go broke tryna break through the ceilings
Fifty thousand on the low, I might make an appearance (Yeah)
This that shit that made them kids run away from they parents
Nigga, I'm breaking your spirit (Woo)
I told myself if I go out, then I'ma light my wrist (Boom)
If I die today, I'm happy for the life I live (Blah, blah)
And my son is only three, he be like, "Mama rich"
Told him go outside and play, just be inside by six (Ayy)
I done made my niggas proud, you ain't gotta love me
Give a fuck about your opinion, only God could judge me
I don't even write on paper, I just write on Tully (Woo)
I might hire an assistant, make her write it for me (Ayy)
This is me against the world, that's the mood I'm in (Goddamn)
Hop up out the fucking pussy like I'm new again (Woo)
I remember they was calling me a hooligan
In special education, I just might go back to school again, woah
Only hit it once, then I make her leave (Woo, woo)
We ain't cuddlin', I need some space to breathe (Woo, woo)
If she fuck me good, I let her stay 'til three (Woo, woo)
No, I'm not your man, but we can make believe
Okay, you got an ass, that don't mean a thing to me
Stop acting like a brat, bitch, I ain't Jermaine Dupri (Woo)
These pussy niggas talkin' 'bout what they gon' say to me
And they gon' beat me up, I told 'em that's some shit I'd pay to see
Stupid
You might also like
And what's really, really bad is being broke and stupid
Nothing much worse than that unless you're sick
Like sick, broke, and stupid, that's
About as far as you can fall unless you're ugly, right?
But surely that would be the ultimate, right?
The ultimate negative life, ugly, sick, broke, and stupid

I turned my life into a movie, bitch, I think I'm Rocky
I can't even wear my jewelry now, they think I'm cocky (Ayy, ayy)
I know that I got myself if I ain't got nobody
Just bought a pistol, I just hope that it ain't got no bodies
You gon' have to pay the price if you get wishy-washy (Woo)
This a Talladega Night, I think I'm Ricky Bobby
My advice, quit the music, get a different hobby
All you lil' niggas sound the same, just a different copy, woah
And I bow my head and pray for this (Woo, woo)
Yeah, I spilled my guts and made a mess (Woo, woo)
Shit, I ran on Mars and made a wish
Yeah, I stand on cars like Jaden Smith (Yeah)
And I ball so hard, I sprained my wrist
If I shoot it, then I ain't gon' miss
Loyal nigga, so I ain't gon' switch (Woo)
Blew my money at the strippy, it don't make no sense
Broke and stupid, shit'll never be the same again
And what's really, really bad is being broke and stupid11Embed
Uh
Uh-huh
Frikki-frikki-frikki

Ten bands (Uh), twenty bands (What?)
She'll do anything for a couple grand (Uh)
Never had no money, but she love to dance (What?)
I gave all my money back to Uncle Sam (Frikki)
My ex-bitch still want another chance (What?)
Man, I swear I’ll never fall in love again (Uh)
I done came up, I'm the fuckin' man (What?)
Me and Timbaland got other plans (Frikki-frikki)

You don’t really know what you up against (Yeah)
Boy, you know I always had the upper hand (Woo)
You ain't never been through the struggle, man (Bah)
Homemade grits in the oven pan (Uh)
You don't run shit, you don't wanna dance (No)
Two shots, make him do the Running Man (Uh)
And they say love is a drug (Uh-huh)
Man, I swear I'll never take drugs again (Frikki-frikki, uh)
I traded my bike for a hoopty (Hoopty)
Traded my hoopty for a Honda (Honda)
Traded my Honda for a Panther (Yeah)
I just got a crib in Wakanda (Woo)
I never been into the drama (Drama)
Never been a fan of designer (Uh)
All I really got is one wish (What's that?)
A one night stand with Madonna (Hoo)
Think I gotta hit 'em with the head bust (Head bust, uh-huh)
This is for them days when they made me ride the motherfuckin' sped bus (Hey, uh-huh)
And this is for them days when my teachers told me I should go and sell drugs
Niggas went to jail, ain’t nobody put the bail up
Shawty had the money, but she went and got her hair done
Niggas hated on me, but I never really cared much, goddamn
You might also like
Ten bands (Yeah), twenty bands (Woah)
She’ll do anything for a couple grand (Yeah)
Never had no money, but she love to dance (Bah)
And I gave all my money back to Uncle Sam (Uh)
My ex-bitch still want another chance (Yeah)
Man, I swear I'll never fall in love again (What?)
And they say love is a drug (Uh-huh)

I done brought the hitters out to play (Uh-huh)
I don’t like you, you don't like me
Fuck it, let's get it out the way (Uh-huh)
What we gon' do? What it’s gon' be?
I just got a million out the bank (Uh-huh)
Spoil my son, do what I please
Fuck what any nigga gotta say (Uh-huh, bah)
Lay in the sun, kick up my feet
I just might pull up in the mink (Mink)
Take my enemies out to drink (What?)
Toss my weapons in the lake
Count up my blessings and I'm straight (Nah)
I think I might go on a date (Uh)
Count all my dough in the safe
Roll with the wave, look at my soul in the face
They don't even know what to say
I just want (Frikki-frikki)
Ten bands, twenty bands (Woo)
She'll do anything for a couple grand (Yeah)
Never had no money, but she love to dance (Yeah)
I gave all my money back to Uncle Sam
My ex-bitch still want another chance (Yeah)
Man, I swear I'll never fall in love again (Uh)
Someone said love is a drug (Uh-huh)

Men lie, women lie, niggas lie, yeah
I'ma ride long as I am alive, woah
Homicide, kill 'em like genocide, yeah
Get it on camera, televise, woah
ADHD, identify, huh?
Look at my feelings, I'm civilized, yeah
Analyzed, and I might spend a night with a dyke
Get her right, bitch, if I hit it right, huh
I remember scraping up the quarters (Uh-huh, quarters)
Drinkin' from the sink to get some water (Uh-huh, water)
Tryna pay the rent, I couldn't afford it (Uh-huh)
Stressin' made a nigga bipolar (Uh-huh, woo)
Washing machine out of order (Uh-huh, order)
Nigga had to hustle on the corner (Uh-huh, corner)
Now I'm back and forth from the border
Savin' up hoes like a hoarder (Frikki-frikki-frikki)
Ten bands (Woo), twenty bands (What?)
She'll do anything for a couple grand (Yeah)
Never had no money, but she love to dance (Woo)
I gave all my money back to Uncle Sam
My ex-bitch still want another chance (Ayy)
Man, I swear I'll never fall in love again
I done came up, I'm the fuckin' man (Woo)
Me and Timbaland got other plans (Woo)
You don't really know what you up against (Woo)
Boy, you know I always had the upper hand (Woo)
You ain't never been through the struggle, man (Woo)
Homemade grits in the oven pan
You don't run shit, you don't wanna dance (Woo)
Two shots, make him do the Running Man
Someone said love is a drug (Uh-huh)
I don't ever wanna take drugs again

Frikki-frikki, uh
Uh
Frikki-frikki-frikki, uh12Embed
The more that I want, the more that I grind
The more that I shine, the more that I stride
The more that I stunt, the more that I cheat
The more that she leaves, the more that she cry
The harder to trust, the more that I lie
The more that she die, the more I realize
The more that I, the more that I (Yeah, yeah)

The more that I try, the more that I want
More that I grind, the more that I shine
The more that I stride, the more that I stunt
The more that I cheat, the more that she leave
The more that she cry, the harder to trust
The more that I lie, the more that she dies
The more I realize I'm harder to love
I’m harder to, I'm harder to teach
My heart is a beat and I am the drum
I'm harder to keep, but harder to sleep
I’m scared of the dark, I'm not gonna run
I'm harder to break, but harder to make
You get in my way, I'm drawing my gun
I'm not gonna play, I'm not for the games
I'm not gonna change, put that on my son
Put that on my mom, put that on my sis
Put that on my bitch and all of my hoes
Put that on my team, put that on my G's
I say what I mean, you already know
Put that on my city, put that on my Bentley
I got me a Bimmer, I wanted a Rolls
Sip on some Henny and ride with the semi
All my niggas with me, I’m calling a toast (Blah, blah, blah)
Callin’ the plug, you callin' the cops
I call you a snitch, you holdin’ a grudge
You callin' the judge, you say you a thug
I call you a bitch, I call you a ho
Don't call me your bro, don't call me no more, I call you a trick
I’m tired of the hate, I'm tired of the snakes
I'm tired of your face, you all on my dick
I wanted the fame, I wanted the name
I wanted a break, I wanted the love
I wanted the cake, I wanna be great
I wanted to change and all the above
You want me to fall, you want me to crawl
You want me to stall, they want me on drugs
You want me to fail, they want me in jail
They wantin' my soul, they wantin' my blood
I'm out for revenge, I'm out for the ends
I'm out for respect, I'm out for the crown
I'm out for the reign, they startin' to aim
I hopped in a plane, I'm not going down
I'm dodging the flames, they callin' my name
I wanna be saved but I don't know how
I thought it was safe, but I got a plan
Let's load up the chopper and ride it around, woo
You might also like
I roll up on 'em while he sleep (Hey), you gon' see
It's a fuckin' murder spree (Brrat, bah), you gon' see
Won't nobody say a peep (Bah, bah), you gon' see
Don't you turn your back on me (Brrat, bah), you gon' see
Roll up on 'em while he sleep (Doo), catch a nigga slippin'
I might hit him with the (Bah, bah-bah, bah-bah), they gon' miss him
'Cause revenge feels sweet (Woo), you gon' see
Won't nobody say a peep (Bah, bah), you gon' see

Give me a pen
I don't even drink, but fuck it, I need some Henny and gin
Plenty of sins
I broke my bitch's heart, she'll never forgive me again
Where have you been?
I had to go find myself, I killed and buried my friends
I never could swim
I used to push some weight with niggas who been in the gym
Come step in my Timbs
You could not walk my path
I never caught my cabs, I had to walk
Niggas was lost and sad, I never would call my dad
Fuck that nigga
I was depressed as fuck, mentally torn in half
Feelin' stuck
When it was hard to laugh, the music was all I had
Wish I could be out
I never got any clout, what's all the plottin' about?
They drownin' me out
Everyone countin' me out, nobody try to reach out
You proud of me now?
Niggas'll flip the script, I cannot live to quit
I don't wanna chill, I don't wanna get no flicks
Don't wanna rekindle shit
It's N-O-T, don't you flex on me
I do not get no sleep
I'm barely up, hope you ante up
Word to M.O.P., you don't know me
I need my revenge, it ain't no more peace
I'm rollin' deep and I'm finna turn your block up into World War III, woah
I roll up on 'em while he sleep (Hey), you gon' see
It's a fuckin' murder spree (Brrat, bah), you gon' see
Won't nobody say a peep (Bah, bah), you gon' see
Don't you turn your back on me (Brrat, bah), you gon' see
Roll up on 'em while he sleep (Doo), catch a nigga slippin'
I might hit him with the (Bah, bah-bah, bah-bah), they gon' miss him
'Cause revenge feels sweet (Woo), you gon' see
Won't nobody say a peep (Bah, bah), you gon' see

The older the berry, the sweeter the juice
Knew I could do it, I needed the proof
In order to lose, I needed to win
In order to win, I needed to choose
I needed to fall, I needed to move
I couldn't be safe, I couldn't be you
I'm coming for everything they said I couldn't
Including your plate and all of your food
I don't wanna do no E
Don't wanna drink, I don't wanna do no lean
I don't wanna move no keys
How you like me now? I'm too OG
I feel like Kool Moe Dee
Ain't gon' be no slatt, my whole team'll crack
I seen 'em flat, never seen no snacks, they left me the scraps
I Deebo'd that
Think I'm cursed again, went to church to sin
I did a lot
Mama quit her job, she won't work again
I been on top
Got a mental block and it hurts, but then I bid and shop
And my bitch is fly, she a perfect ten
That's M-O-B, don't you flex on me, I do not get no sleep
I'm problematic and I gotta have it, word to Ed OG
You don't know me, I need my revenge, no more peace
I'm rollin' deep and I'm finna turn your block up into World War III
I roll up on 'em while he sleep (Hey), you gon' see
It's a fuckin' murder spree (Brrat, bah), you gon' see
Won't nobody say a peep (Bah, bah), you gon' see
Don't you turn your back on me (Brrat, bah), you gon' see
Roll up on 'em while he sleep (Doo), catch a nigga slippin'
I might hit him with the (Bah, bah-bah, bah-bah), they gon' miss him
'Cause revenge feels sweet (Woo), you gon' see
Won't nobody say a peep (Bah, bah), you gon' see62Embed
Mally Mall

It's my birthday, I'm 'bout to get lit-lit (Lit-lit)
Might blow a bag on the drip-drip (Drip)
Make it all back on a quick flip, ayy (Ayy)
I just need cake and a thick bitch, ayy (Ayy)
I ain't have much, just a wishlist (A wishlist)
Now the broke nigga doin' big shit (Big shit)
I got the gun lock, loaded, I'm ignant
So keep one eye open like Slick Rick (Brra, brra-brra)
I got the drip game, nigga, I'm the big mane (Big mane)
Switch lanes on 'em, hit the mid range (Mid range)
Keep the big strap on me like a hitman (Brra)
It go "click-clack, willow-wallow, bing bang" (Brr-brra)
I ain't never been shit, ain't shit changed (Shit changed)
But niggas get lame when you get fame (Brra)
Can't sleep at night 'til I get brains
Got a mean ass pipe and a dick game

I got a bitch on my sofa (Sofa)
I got a chip on my shoulder (Shoulder)
You gotta live with your karma
And if you get hurt then you got what you supposed to (Boom)
I got hitters all over (Over), told 'em this is all over (All over)
I take the kids on drugs and line 'em all up and get 'em all sober (Woo)
You might also like
I got a little check that I cashed out, ayy (Ayy)
Credit card maxed out, ayy (Ayy)
I get lit then I act out, ayy (Ayy)
I ain't wanna do it but I blacked out, ayy (Woo)
They say I need to be safe (Safe)
I think I need to be straight
Fix your vibes, you need to be laced
You just need God or you need to meet Mase
I left my bitch, maybe we just need space (Space)
I got gunners like Chris, like Niecey (Like me)
I got brothers like Tip, like Breezy (Like Breezy)
I got stunners like Wayne, like BG (Okay)
I got a hood bitch all about the bread
And she only give me head 'cause the bed too squeaky (Too squeak)
I'm too smart for a ho tryna G me
A bitch be dumb if she ever try to leave me, word

I say, uno, dos, tres, cuatro
Moreno, gringo, hembra, vato
Gangsters, hustlers, killers follow
I'm the realest nigga, I know (Brrra, brra-brra, ooh)
I just hit the fuckin' lotto, oh (Ooh, ooh)
I just hit the fuckin' lotto (Bah)
I say, uno, dos, tres, cuatro
Moreno, gringo, hembra, vato
Gangsters, hustlers, killers follow (Bah-bah)
I'm the realest nigga, I know (Brrra, brra-brra, ayy)
I just hit the fuckin' lotto, oh (Ooh)
I just hit the fuckin' lotto
Why do I feel like Manson? (Oh-oh)
Smoke y'all niggas, I feel like I just got cancer, ayy (Ayy)
Murderin' streets, my anthem
All of y'all clowns is banter, ooh (Banter)
Still can't pull your pants up
Kidnap kids like Amber (Ayy)
Hold a lil' nigga for a ransom (Ooh)
I moved from the trap to the mansion (Mansion)
Went from the Uber to a Phantom (Word)
You niggas gassed up, don't amp 'em
I've never been pretty, but my mom think I'm handsome (Yeah)
I hate niggas that flex on camera (Camera)
Lil' kids always tryna throw tantrums (Yeah)
All you motherfuckas dry like dandruff
You can get washed and I'll throw you in a hamper

I got a bitch on my sofa (Sofa)
I got a chip on my shoulder (Shoulder)
You gotta live with your karma
And if you get hurt then you got what you supposed to (Yeah)
I got hitters all over (All over), told 'em this is all over (All over)
I take the kids on lean and get 'em all clean and give 'em all soda (Bah)

Watch how I do it, I demonstrate, ooh (Ooh)
I ain't gotta move, I renovate
I don't really pray, I meditate, yeah (Woah)
I ain't gotta jump, I levitate
Always on time, I'm never late (Ayy)
I was outside like every day
Tryna turn water into lemonade
Now I'm boo'd up like Ella Mai, I just wanna get away, woah (Oh)
You don't want war with a rich nigga (Rich nigga)
You should hit the gym, get a bit bigger (Oh)
I ain't got patience for bitch niggas (Oh)
Wrap you in the basement with Big Tigger (Big Tigger)
Your bitch is a thot, you had kids with her (Kids with her)
Your watch little lit, but my wrist litter (Ayy)
He thought he had a plan 'til the fist hit him (Ooh)
(He thought he had a plan 'til the fist hit him)
I say, uno, dos, tres, cuatro
Moreno, gringo, hembra, vato
Gangsters, hustlers, killers follow
I'm the realest nigga, I know (Brrra, brra-brra, ooh)
I just hit the fuckin' lotto, oh (Ooh, ooh)
I just hit the fuckin' lotto (Bah)
I say, uno, dos, tres, cuatro
Moreno, gringo, hembra, vato
Gangsters, hustlers, killers follow (Bah-bah)
I'm the realest nigga, I know (Brrra, brra-brra, ayy)
I just hit the fuckin' lotto, oh (Ooh)
I just hit the fuckin' lotto10Embed
Got a hundred million things all on my mind
Every damn thing, new day, new fight
Always runnin' in and out my life
Hell no (Hell no)
But I won't let you back in this time
I won't let you back in my mind (Yee)
I won't let you blame me this time
Hell no (Hell no, no)

Finally, I can fly and be free and be me
You do you, I'll do me, I don't mind it (No, no)
Finally, I can fly and be free and be me
You do you, I'll do me and I like it

And they used to always tell me, "You ain't nothin' special" (Woo)
Damn it, you done took it to another level (Yeah)
I was patient, you was dangerous, I was young and mellow
Congratulations, you done turned me to a fuckin' rebel (Hey)
Yeah, I've been peepin' how you move like some new luggage (New luggage)
Used to love you back when we were boo lovin' (Woo)
That was way before I seen your fuckin' true colors (Yeah)
Always poppin' shit and I ain't even do nothin' (Joyner)
Tryna play me like we unofficial (Unofficial)
You got other issues (Other issues)
I done held you down when weren't nobody fuckin' with you
Once you close a door, don't you let it fuckin' hit you
And I'd be lyin' if I told you I was gonna miss you
You might also like
I ain't chasin' that (Nah)
I just made a stack (Stack)
I gave you the world, now I gotta take it back
I gave you the world, now I gotta fade to black (Oh, shit)
I lost it all, but I made it back

Got a hundred million things all on my mind
Every damn thing, new day, new fight
Always runnin' in and out my life
Hell no (Hell no)
But I won't let you back in this time
I won't let you back in my mind (Yee)
I won't let you blame me this time
Hell no (Hell no, no)

Finally, I can fly and be free and be me
You do you, I'll do me, I don't mind it (No, no)
Finally, I can fly and be free (Yeah) and be me
You do you, I'll do me and I like it (Ooh)

Okay, I'ma do me, you do what you gotta (Yeah)
I'll go where I want, ain't gotta tell you nada (Nope)
I been hustlin', I been cookin', not the Betty Crocker (Woo)
You been strugglin', you been chasin' after every dollar
And I used to be around, now I'm cold-blooded (Cold-blooded)
I'm just petty, I been holdin' onto old grudges (Old grudges)
Oh, you think you know, but you don't know nothin' (Nah)
Oh, you opinionated, who you think, you Joe Budden?
I still think you do the most though (Most though)
Now I'm ghost though (Ghost though)
I'm that nigga, I still got my fuckin' mojo (Mojo)
You love the drama, and I think you need your own show (Yeah)
If you call me, it's a no call, no show (No call)
Baby, I ain't chasin' that (Buck)
I just made a stack (Buck)
I gave you the world, now I gotta take it back (Take it back)
I gave you the world, now I gotta fade to black (Oh, shit)
I lost it all, but I made it back

Got a hundred million things all on my mind
Every damn thing, new day, new fight
Always runnin' in and out my life
Hell no (Hell no)
But I won't let you back in this time
I won't let you back in my mind (Yee)
I won't let you blame me this time
Hell no (Ooh, hell no)

Finally, I can fly and be free and be me
You do you, I'll do me, I don't mind it (No, finally)
Finally, I can fly and be free and be me (Ooh)
You do you (Do what you wanna), I'll do me and I like it13Embed
Hey
Will
Yeah

I'm feelin' like Will (Hey), I think I'm a prince, I'm feelin' myself (Buck, buck)
I'm loaded with bills 'cause I wasn't blessed with no Uncle Phil (Woah)
Don't know how it feels, I wanted to flex, they told me to chill (Chill)
I'm makin' a flip (Flip), my life is a flick, come load up the film (Hey)

I got me some paper, hired a butler and got me a waiter (Woah)
I wanna get married, but none of my shorties remind me of Jada
Or maybe I'm just too afraid to settle, I wish I was plannin' it different
I think It's a phase, I'm very conditioned
I'm stuck in my ways and scared of commitment, I'm very conflicted (Ooh)
I got the drip and I'm saucy, ooh (Buck, buck, buck)
ADHD, I'm a bad boy
I think I might just pull up in the 'Rari, ooh
I might just skrrt up the Philly
They call me Big Willie, I think I'm Mike Lowrey, ooh
Ain't nothin' much you can tell me, I blew through a milli and threw me a party, ooh (Buck, buck)

I know I'm the one
Dammit, I made it, I look at my son
I feel like I'm dreamin', he truly a blessin'
I'm really elated, I pray that he grow up like Willow or Jaden
I know that he will
I hope he look up to me like we used to look up to Phil
I know that's it's real
I lay a brick at a time for somethin' I know I can build
I learn it from Will
You might also like
I know ain't nothin' gon' set us back (Buck)
You take it from me, I get it back (Buck, buck)
Me and my homies forever strapped (Buck)
We roll up on 'em like Men in Black (Bah)
I blow your chest through your head and back (Yeah)
I think I done made a mess (Mess)
I'm in Cali with a vest (Hey)
That's the wild wild West (Yeah)
I told my homies I'm good with the labels
I don't need to sign the dots (Yeah)
They must not know me
They cannot control me 'cause I ain't no I, Robot (Hey)
Yeah, I grew up on a legend and I gotta show it
I learned a lot from him and I owe it
Homie's my idol and don't even know it, ooh

I'm feelin' like Will (Hey), I feel like a prince, I'm feelin' myself (Buck, buck)
I'm loaded with bills (Ooh) 'cause I wasn't blessed with no Uncle Phil (Blah)
Don't know how it feels (Feels), I wanted to flex, they told me to chill (Chill)
I'm makin' a flip (Flip), my life is a flick, now load up the film

I'm goin' back to Miami to meet with the cartel (Ooh-ooh)
All of you rappers be runnin' 'round tellin' shark tales (Hey-hey)
I was tryna make a flip when y'all was doin' cartwheels
The Pursuit of Happyness
I was rock bottom now I'm out spendin' large bills (Oh)
And I got a shorty who stuck in a bubble
But I'm still in love with her hustle (Ooh)
Her body bangin' but she don't stop talkin'
I wish that she come with a muzzle (Ooh)
I don't know if I'm in love with the pieces
Or I'm just in love with the puzzle (Hey)
But I had to leave her 'cause I know
These girls these days ain't nothin' but trouble (Nothin' but trouble)
I know I'm the one
Damn it, I made it, now look what I’ve done (Buck, buck, buck)
I feel like I’m dreamin', I count all my blessings
I’m really elated, I know I Am Legend or one in the makin'
I know that it’s real
I hope they look up to me like we used to look up to Phil (Buck, buck, buck)
I know that you will
I lay a brick at a time for somethin' I know I can build (Buck, buck, buck)

That's how we leave an impression (Buck)
Yes, I believe in expression (Hey)
I got some secrets and weapons (Buck)
That might just leave a concussion (Ah)
Give me three wishes, I think I'm Aladdin
But there ain't no genie to bless us (Yeah)
I ain't had nothin' just me and heater at night
He be sleep on the dresser (Word)
I cannot fold, I hit all my goals, I did it with pride (Did it with pride)
Ain't nothin' worst than losin' your hero and couldn't say bye (Couldn't say bye)
And we never know just when it's our time
The legends are gone and we don't know why
So before they go, look here go a toast
So give 'em a rose while they still alive (Buck)
I'm feelin' like Will (Hey), I feel like a prince, I'm feelin' myself (Buck, buck)
I'm loaded with bills (Ooh) 'cause I wasn't blessed with no Uncle Phil (Blah)
Don't know how it feels (Feels), I wanted to flex, they told me to chill (Chill)
I'm makin' a flip (Flip), my life is a flick, mm46Embed
I spent a check on a whip, on a bitch, on a grip, on a flip
Lost it all and got it right back, yeah
I fell in love with a chick that I thought was my bitch
'Til I found out it wasn't really like that, yeah

So I won't be around anymore (Anymore)
I can hear the sounds of the war (I can hear the sounds, yeah)
And this ain't goin' down like before (Oh, no)
I can hear the sounds of the war (Oh)

I used to make love to a down-ass trick, you could bend her backwards (Woo)
I don't need much but a badass bitch and a Netflix password (Hey)
I know that I'm comin' home late, but fuck it, what we gon' do after?
I'm tryna get head today, go to work like you got rent to pay
She a daddy's girl like Reginae (Ah)
I paid my dues, I ain't gon' lose (Word)
Hit 'em with the hand, the Deebo
All of you birds is Dan DeVito
I'ma die a legend like Dan Marino
I just blew a check at the damn casino
Stroll through life like I ain't got rules
You think I ain't shit if I ain't got you
But how you gon' walk if you ain't got shoes? Ayy
Shawty shootin' bullets from the Pontiac (Buh)
She a ventilatin' hypochondriac (Hey)
She just wanna know where the Molly at (Woo)
I just wanna know where the party at (Woah)
I'ma leave your ass where I got you at (Gang)
Damn, you done let the dog off the leash
Can't talk to me, now I'm harder to reach
You don't belong to me, you belong to the streets (Yeah)
You might also like
I spent a check on a whip, on a bitch, on a grip, on a flip
Lost it all and got it right back, yeah
I fell in love with a chick that I thought was my bitch
'Til I found out it wasn't really like that, yeah

So I won't be around anymore (Anymore)
I can hear the sounds of the war (I can hear the sounds, yeah)
And this ain't goin' down like before (Oh, no)
And I can hear the sounds of the war (Oh)
Yeah, yeah, yeah

I got a Rolls, a pink Chanel, like RIP Prodigy (Prodigy)
Even when I'm just in at the spot, my wrist is a forty (Forty)
I'm in New York with five hundred sticks and we sell 'em two thousand apiece (Apiece)
A hundo for privates, yeah, land in Hawaii, my bitches in Honolulu (Yeah)
I hopped off a jet and I land in Dubai
Look like she got red contact in her eyes (Hop off a jet)
I'm 'bout to ride, you know you can slide
I'm 'bout to ride, but I don't do lie
Want your body like Nicki Minaj (Yeah)
Hypnotize your jeweler with these diamonds (Yeah)
Takin' mine, yeah, that's an honor (Yeah, yeah)
I fuck with you, but this one done, yeah
And all my life, I just wanted to be me, babe (Oh, yeah)
And all my life I just wanted to be free (Oh)
Said all them nights spent together, we would stay up 'til forever
You act like you don't remember, but I do (Oh-oh)
And that's alright 'cause I know what it's gon' be, babe (Oh)
Said, "That's alright, I found someone else for me" (Oh, oh-oh, oh)
So when you see us out together, please act like I never met you (Oh)
I just thought that I should let you know that

I won't be around anymore (Anymore)
I can hear the sounds of the war (I can hear the sounds, yeah)
And this ain't goin' down like before (Oh)
I can hear the sounds of the war (Oh)
So I won't be around anymore (Anymore)
I can hear the sounds of the war (I can hear the sounds, yeah)
And this ain't goin' down like before (Oh, no)
And I can hear the sounds of the war (Oh)
Yeah, yeah, yeah

Mally Mall11Embed
Go
Buck, buck, buck

I think I was born inside a cabana
With diamonds and gold on top of the Phantom
Jesus told Mary, "Go get me a hammer
I'll kill any nigga that try to get near him"
All of the angels were drinkin' tequila
And Michael was sleepin' with Dirty Diana
And now I can't look at the man in the mirror
My life is a movie and here is the trailer
I ain't no killer, but don't try to play me
I'm out of my pills and now I'm just crazy
I jumped out of Heaven 'cause Lucifer paid me
I needed the money to buy a Mercedes
I fucked a few bitches, I had me a baby
I hope that my son don't grow up to hate me
I'm out of my mind and no one can save me
I wish I—(Urgh)

Back when a nigga was jobless, tryna get by
Plottin' on shootin' myself (Brruck, buck, buck)
I was just tryna survive, the money went dry
Think I was losin' myself (Brruck, buck, buck, buck)
I prayed to God, and promised if he made me rich
Then I'ma stay true to myself (Buck, buck, buck)
But fuck it, I lied, and now I just stare in the mirror
Like what did I do to myself? (Brruck, buck, buck, buck)
I think the old me died
I let the money change me, I lied
I let the money change me, I lied
I let the money change me, I lied
All the damn promises, I forgot
I let the money change me, I lied
I let the money change me, I lied
I let the money change me, I lied
You might also like
I told my girl I'll give her the world
Whatever she want, consider it done
Soon as I'm rich, I'll buy you a crib
And get you a whip, whatever you want
Promise my niggas, "I'll give you a million
A couple of cars just so you can stunt"
Then I got famous, blew up my head
And fuck what I said, my nigga, I'm gone
Hop out the foreign and jump in the stretch
Life is a bitch, I fucked her to death
And how do I feel? I'm somewhat depressed
I'll probably get killed, but fuck it, I'm blessed
Nigga, I'm rich, I'm done with the stress
Now I got drip, and blood niggas sweat
They love when I trip, they want me in debt
Go choke on a dick and cut me a check
All of these meds done got me a fever
I wanted a chain but got me a Visa
I came in the game, just proppin' my feet up
You niggas is strange, you follow the leader
And me and my pistol like Martin and Gina
We plot on you niggas, I'm probably a schemer
I'm easy to hate, I'm harder to love
You say you don't trust me, I wouldn't either, woah
(I wouldn't either, woah)
I had to move back at home, my mama was heated (Buck, buck, buck)
I locked myself in the room to hide all my demons (Buck, buck, buck)
I told my uncle to give me a loan 'cause I really needed it
"Soon as I'm on, I promise I'll pay you in full"
But (Buck, buck) I didn't mean it

Back when a nigga was jobless, tryna get by
Plottin' on shootin' myself (Brruh, buck, buck)
I was just tryna survive, the money went dry
Think I was losin' myself (Brruh, buck, buck, buck)
I prayed to God, and promised if he made me rich
Then I'ma stay true to myself (Buck, buck, buck)
But fuck it, I lied, and now I just stare in the mirror
Like what did I do to myself? (Brruh, buck, buck, buck)
I think the old me died
I let the money change me, I lied
I let the money change me, I lied
I let the money change me, I lied
All the damn promises, I forgot
I let the money change me, I lied
I let the money change me, I lied
I let the money change me, I lied (I let the money change me, I lied)

I just put some gold Dayton's on my fuckin' Benzo
Hit the switches, told your bitch, "Come fuck me 'cause I said so"
They say, "Joyner, you done changed, you done lost your mental
You blew up and all that humble shit went out the window"
I ain't the same, I used to be different
They say that I changed, well, maybe you right
Maybe them pills the doctor prescribed me
Got me wantin' to kill, and maybe I might
Maybe my family upset 'cause I made it
'Cause no one expected that I would be famous
And just 'cause we blood don't mean we're related
I'm threatin' the plug, I'm not with the fake shit, I'm not with the— (I'm not with the—)
Grandma told me, "Tone it down," I said, "Bitch, I'm older now"
I ate at my auntie house, she think that I owe her now
Cashed my check, got paid again, make you's think I'm Oprah now
Took my girl to H&M, she told me, "It's over now" (Buck, buck, buck, buck, buck)
I had to move back at home, my mama was heated (Buck, buck, buck)
I locked myself in the room to hide all my demons (Buck, buck, buck)
I told my uncle to give me a loan 'cause I really needed it
"Soon as I'm on, I promise I'll pay you in full"
But (Buck, buck) I didn't mean it

Back when a nigga was jobless, tryna get by
Plottin' on shootin' myself (Brruh, buck, buck)
I was just tryna survive, the money went dry
Think I was losin' myself (Brruh, buck, buck, buck)
I prayed to God, and promised if he made me rich
Then I'ma stay true to myself (Buck, buck, buck)
But fuck it, I lied, and now I just stare in the mirror
Like what did I do to myself? (Brruh, buck, buck, buck)
I think the old me died
I let the money change me, I lied
I let the money change me, I lied
I let the money change me, I lied
All the damn promises, I forgot
I let the money change me, I lied
I let the money change me, I lied
I let the money change me, I lied (I let the money change me, I lied) (Buck, buck, buck)

(Get shot)
Urgh15Embed
Yeah-yeah (Yeah-yeah)
Yeah-yeah (Yeah-yeah)
Yeah-yeah (Yeah-yeah)
Yeah-yeah (Yeah-yeah)
Yeah, yeah

I don't trust niggas, I ride by myself, all I need is my strap and my armor (Buck, buck)
All I can see is these fuck niggas, it must be somethin' they put in the water (Buck, buck, buck)
I quit my job at McDonald's and built an empire and now I'm a gold mine (Hey)
Nothing was handed, I dreamed it, I did it, been wantin' this shit for my whole life (Buck, buck)

Move, move, move, get out the way, nigga bossed up (Buck)
Ooh, ooh, ooh, I just got laid, I'm gettin' sauced up
Ayy, ayy, ayy, gotta go up 'til I motherfuckin' lift-off
Wasn't supposed to make it past twenty-one, nigga, I can't believe I done made it this far (Hey)

You know you too lit when you stretchin' these bands
You know you on top when your enemies fans (Buck)
You know you too blessed when they think you a threat
Try and aim for your neck, but I never be scared
Niggas on drugs, I was packin' all the work
Couldn't find a spot, we was trappin' out the church
Boost mobile phones had me waitin' for the chirp
Fresh to death, I was waitin' for the hearse
Casket fresh, had the weight goin' crazy (Ooh)
Show up to your door like the Avon lady
I could be the GOAT but the hate won't save me
If niggas hate me, then they hate Tom Brady
Go against the grain then you gotta be brave
She don't like me then she gotta be gay
To take me down then you gotta be paid
There ain't enough money I gotta be paid (Woo, woo, woo)
You might also like
I don't trust niggas, I ride by myself, all I need is my strap and my armor (Buck, buck)
All I can see is these fuck niggas, it must be somethin' they put in the water (Buck, buck, buck)
I quit my job at McDonald's and built an empire and now I'm a gold mine (Hey)
Nothing was handed, I dreamed it, I did it, been wantin' this shit for my whole life (Buck, buck)

Move, move, move, get out the way, nigga bossed up (Buck)
Ooh, ooh, ooh, I just got laid, I'm gettin' sauced up
Ayy, ayy, ayy, gotta go up 'til I motherfuckin' lift-off
Wasn't supposed to make it past twenty-one, nigga, I can't believe I done made it this far (Hey)

Can't touch me when I'm in my zone
Came too far to sell my soul
When you gon' give me the respect I'm owed?
When you gon' watch my dreams unfold?
When I'm on tour, I just wanna be home
When I'm at home, I just wanna be alone
Me and my niggas still share the same clothes
When you got brothers, man, anything goes
Pull a bitch here like clickbait, ayy (Woo)
ADHD, can't see straight, ayy (Yeah)
Work a lil' job, I was still outside like, "Please will you listen to my mixtape, huh?"
Please will you listen to my mixtape, ayy?
Still can't listen what a bitch say, ayy
Niggas switched up, that's a mistake, ayy
Never thought I'd see this day, ayy (Buck, buck)
I don't trust niggas, I ride by myself, all I need is my strap and my armor (Buck, buck)
All I can see is these fuck niggas, it must be somethin' they put in the water (Buck, buck, buck)
I quit my job at McDonald's and built an empire and now I'm a gold mine (Hey)
Nothing was handed, I dreamed it, I did it, been wantin' this shit for my whole life (Buck, buck)

Move, move, move, get out the way, nigga bossed up (Buck)
Ooh, ooh, ooh, I just got laid, I'm gettin' sauced up
Ayy, ayy, ayy, gotta go up 'til I motherfuckin' lift-off
Wasn't supposed to make it past twenty-one, nigga, I can't believe I done made it this far (Hey)3Embed
She got a nice face, she got a nice body (Got a nice body)
I still can't love her, still can't trust her, baby, I'm sorry (Baby, I'm sorry)
I'll hold her down, if you don't got me, then I got me (Yeah, I got me)
It's over now, so please don't call me, please don't find me (Please don't find me)
Yeah, yeah, when I move on, you wanna stop me (Wanna stop me)
On everything, girl, I'm a king, I think I'm Rodney (I think I'm Rodney)
Ain't no fake love, only got real niggas around me (Real niggas around me)
And all you care about is drinkin', gettin' sloppy, you don't give a fuck about me

She got a nice face, she got a nice body (She got a nice body, woo)
I still can't love her, I still can't trust her, baby, I'm sorry (Girl, I'm sorry, buck, buck)
When I'm off that Henny, I see double, feel like a zombie (Feel like a zombie, buck, buck)
But we still don't ever slip, no movin' sloppy (No movin' sloppy)
She wanna study all the tats all on my body (On my body)
Somebody told her that my middle name Muhammad (Buck, buck)
She thinkin' I'ma fake a love, say I ain't 'bout it (Buck, buck)
I told her, "Baby, watch your mouth, you better stop it" (You better stop, yeah, yeah)

All my life been sucker-free (Sucker-free)
That's absurd
None of these hoes are cuffin' me (Cuffin' me, ayy)
That's my word
And I heard money don't come from trees (Hey)
But you can't hustle me
Yeah, your ass look good in them jeans
That don't mean too much to me (Buck, buck, buck)
I need a lil' somethin' with a vibe (Vibe)
Lil' somethin' with drive
I know you wan' fuck all day
Might try and make love to your mind
I been tryin' get my mind right, ooh
These hoes ain't my type, ooh
She want that limelight, ooh
She'll do anything for a Klondike, ooh (Buck, buck)
What you gon' do for the pension? (Skrrt, skrrt)
Way too tempted
Tryin' get rich, get mentioned
She'll do anything for attention
She'll do anything for her interest
How did you get so senseless?
How did you get so foolish?
How did you get so clueless?
You might also like
Pull up, I'm swervin', I'm whippin' it, car from the plug and it came with a brick in it (Brick in it)
She ain't had to tell me that she wanna fuck, I could see in her eyes she was diggin' it (Yeah)
She said she could try, but it ain't gon' work 'cause this just the life that was livin' in (Yeah)
She tell me she don't give a fuck 'bout my past, I told her, "Baby, mind your business"

She got a nice face, she got a nice body (She got a nice body, woo)
I still can't love her, I still can't trust her, baby, I'm sorry (Girl, I'm sorry, buck, buck)
When I'm off that Henny, I see double, feel like a zombie (Feel like a zombie, buck, buck)
But we still don't ever slip, no movin' sloppy (No movin' sloppy)
She wanna study all the tats all on my body (On my body)
Somebody told her that my middle name Muhammad (Buck, buck)
She thinkin' I'ma fake a love, say I ain't 'bout it (Buck, buck)
I told her, "Baby, watch your mouth, you better stop it" (You better stop, yeah, yeah)

It's like, it's like I still can't love
See, that's what real pain does
Oh yeah, I'm feelin' you, baby
But what I feel ain't love (Feel ain't love)
Yeah, I might tell you it's yours
But nah, I still ain't hers
And she just callin' you "daddy"
Ain't know what your real name was (Real name was)
Friends I feel changed up
And shit I still think of
Love got me mentally scarred
Still tryna heal things up (Heal things up)
We all started from the bottom, tryna build things up
But it's some dudes who love to hate and that's some real strange love
I know some real gangstas (Real gangstas)
Niggas who still slang drugs (Still slang drugs)
They got pills, can't bluff (Pills, can't bluff)
But they ain't got no love (Got no love)
And they ain't got no trust
'Cause those'll be your downfall (Downfall)
Bro says, "Shawty bad, why you ain't keep her 'round, dawg?" (Keep her 'round, dawg)
Shawty say she bad, bad, she a bad bitch (Bad)
She don't know the half, half, I'm a savage (Yeah, yeah)
I just put the cash bag on a mattress (Yeah)
I don't need it that bad, you can't have it (Have)
Tens, twenties, fifties, hunnids, run it, oh God
Shawties did me dirty, now I got a cold heart (Yeah, yeah)
Booty on point, kinda hard to say no
But what you gon' bring to the fuckin' table?

She got a nice face, she got a nice body (She got a nice body, woo)
I still can't love her, I still can't trust her, baby, I'm sorry (Girl, I'm sorry, buck, buck)
When I'm off that Henny, I see double, feel like a zombie (Feel like a zombie, buck, buck)
But we still don't ever slip, no movin' sloppy (No movin' sloppy)
She wanna study all the tats all on my body (On my body)
Somebody told her that my middle name Muhammad (Buck, buck)
She thinkin' I'ma fake a love, say I ain't 'bout it (Buck, buck)
I told her, "Baby, watch your mouth, you better stop it" (You better stop, yeah, yeah)5Embed
Whoo!
Some niggas want to kill me I don't care if y'all feel me I'm a motherfuckin rider
A hundred teeth bites to your 23 strikes Ima mothafuckin tiger
I used to grip hammers now I carry Nick Cannons like I wanna fuck Mariah
Your talkin bout bands but your hoppin out the van yous a motherfuckin liar
Trappin on the block with a choppa in the car but I never got caught
You heard all about me couple niggas try to out me but they never got far
Shares to the dre's couple shots to the face and the rest is all yours
Don't smile at my face with your drills at your face like a nigga Paul Walsh
Got shooters and them niggas all talk
Jail posed with a cellphone and my niggas all call
Few problems that I'm never gon solve
Couple bad bitches with some kids so I never go raw swear to God that I never go hard
Drunk sex on a rollercoaster bitch you better hold on and my Cadillac really so soft
Shit Ima die in the booth till the heavens gon call

Who the fuck you think you fuckin with I'm Joyner?
Trappin inna corner gettin high but I ain't have no marijuana
Make a nigga wanna die from paranoia
Take your body dig a hole big enough to put a tractor on you, nigga drownin and ain't gettin out the water
Double sided penny flippin dimes time to get a half a quarter
I don't even think you need to have a lawyer
Order in the court I'm the judge bitch you gettin outta order
Motherfucka!
You might also like
And I ain't finna show you where the drugs at, fuck rap
I ain't give a fuck about a crush back, trust that
Pull my dick out and just make her suck that, bust that
Hoes that who see me give you a nut bath, scrub that
Feel like I'm ready to go above cats, up that
Over your rims and under your hubcaps, puff that
Smokin some shit that get you a come bat' scumbag
Imma submit em sick of them dumb rats
Yeah I'm finna show you where the loves at, fuck rap
I ain't give a fuck about a dumb stack, trust that
Gucci and Fendi and where the sun's at, bust that
Shit that you speakin and give you a bloodbath, scrub that
I'm more than ready to go above cats, up that
Over your head and under your suncaps, puff that
Spit at and kick you niggas and punt that like, like *spit*
Don't your hear the drums hittin on the 808
I used to get a couple bitches that'd pay to play
Never really had shit but I mad a way- and all I gave em was some hard dick and some gatorade
Pussy young and I'm doin what I had to do
Back when I was just a nigga with an attitude
Grandma told me rap music ain't an avenue so I went hard and now I'm flyin like a parachute
Joyner Lucas give a million with the man ho
Workin so hard I forgot to change clothes
Kickas hella soft rappers with the same flow, and all there fuckin heads cotton candy and some rainbows
Hold up, who you think you is?
Imma go hard no matter who you say you is
I ain't for the small talk big can put the strap and I'm to busy for distractions don't be asking me no questions nigga mind yo fuckin business
They askin me questions, like
Are you Joyner? From paranoia?
Put a tractor, nih (Oh Shit)
Niggas drownin and ain't gettin out the water tryna, tryna get to have a quarter
I don't even think you really have a lawyer
Order in the court I'm the judge bitch you gettin out of order

Who the fuck you think you fuckin with I'm Joyner?
Trappin in the corner gettin high but I ain't have no marijuana
Make a nigga wanna die from paranoia
Take your body dig a hole big enough to put a tractor on you
Nigga drownin and ain't gettin out the water
Double sided penny flippin dimes time to get a half a quarter
I don't even think you need to have a lawyer
Order in the court I'm the judge bitch you gettin out of order Motherfucka!Embed
Riding with the riders, with the mileage on the pilot
Couple bottles and some models and some condoms we be wildin'
Choppers in the closet, for the watchers who be plottin'
Watch me burn this shit down, like Sodom and Gomorrah
My mama and father had some problems but regardless
It was obvious, I would be a fucking monster and a goblin
Killers move in silence but gorillas move with violence
And my niggas move with choppers, and maracas, and Obama’s
And the time here, lamas and the tommy guns
Tomorrow never promised but I'm promising your time is up
Line em' up, Eeny, meeny, miny, grab a shawty, every body fuck
Heard your bitch a hottie but she prolly, well not prolly, fuck
Stopping out you soul until body jump, copy cut
Semi colon, space point, comma what? I'm a nut
Wave strong enough to fucking stop a truck
Smack you with a hockey puck, rip your fucking pockets off your Hollister

Climbing through your windows with a hollow pipe, I can't wait for tomorrow night
Ninja blades, twin razors and an army knife, I can't wait for tomorrow night
Ski mask rubber gloves, cutting all the lights, I can't wait for tomorrow night
Vest on, suited up like an armored knight, I can't wait for tomorrow night

Yo, I try and, I try and tell these niggas man
They not, they not fucking with me man, I, you know what I mean?
I've been doing this shit since I was like 9, 10, you know what I mean?
I can do this in my sleep man
You might also like
Son of an artist, I'm fucking bonkers, I roam with bosses
Fucking your daughters, your mothers, aunts, in your uncle’s office
Born in a carriage a couple horses while jumping off em'
The cops chasing, I fucking lost em' that's fucking awesome
Joyner the puppet master, I'm stabbing your lung and fracture your back
Till your nuts will crack in your sack to your fucking bladder
Funny how now suddenly everyone's a bunch of rappers
They just a bunch of band wagon hopping faggot maggots
Got magic racket, hacky sack it's in my khaki jackets
A cream colored hat to match it with it after taxes
These little hoes know my name they ain't have to ask it
The rap assassin, I'm action Jackson the cash attack a freakaziod
Frankenstein, eat the boy, follow me on Twitter catch me at the BET award
Looks can be deceiving I'm the daemon in your ouija board
Sneaking through your basement I be creeping and I never make a freaking noise

Climbing through your windows with a hollow pipe, I can't wait for tomorrow night
Ninja blades, twin razors and an army knife, I can't wait for tomorrow night
Ski mask rubber gloves, cutting all the lights, I can't wait for tomorrow night
Vest on suited up like an armored knight, I can't wait for tomorrow nightEmbed
Joyner, Joyner, Joyner

Uh, put the cause on the totem, put the balls on the boat
And hit 'em all with the motive
Joyner's all in the focus
And the blogs want to post a niggas songs and you notice
I'm a star, undervoted
I'm a dog, I'm a Doberman pinscher, you a pony
You a unicorn, Louis Vuitton, sneakers on woadie
Trying to be up on me and my niggas like you know me
You don't me
You just know what the people wanna tell ya
Talkin' on the low, but the speakers gon' kill ya
Sleepin' on my back with the TV on the ceilin'
Got Jeezy on, chillin' with the kiwi hard sippin'
E'erybody wanna live like Tony Montana
Sniffin' out the coke with the homie, don-da-da
Drug dealin', bang bang, with the phony bandanna
'Til the homies run right up in your cozy mañana
That's real
Fuck a talk
Funny how a funny nigga come across
Funny how the money make a sucker talk
When it feel good like a nigga took the rubber off
I see both sides like tug-a-war
Joyner's on fire, close the oven door
Beat the pussy up like a drummer boy
Thought you ran the city, what the fuck you niggas runnin' for?
Fuck the law
Tell the politician I'm a terrorist
And tell the government that I'm a colored kid
Tryna make a penny off of half a G
And that'll be the day you catch me workin' at a god damn Applebee's
Nigga, don't be dappin' me
'Cause we ain't got shit to talk about unless you talkin' 'bout a salary
And rappers wanna talk about battle me
But they can suck my dick with a mouth full of cavities
Oh, you in trouble
And I love it how they hate you
But they actin' like they love you
Then they kiss you, then they hug you
Make a screwed face at you
Middle finger saying "Fuck you, nigga"
That's just motivation
I ain't hatin' like a sucker
But I treat you like a slugger
Uppercut you 'til you crumble
Have you singin' like Usher
You a dish to my supper
Motherfuck a nigga, uh
You might also like
Never ever have I ever
Ever seen another motherfucker fuck her
Fuck her better, better than him
If I ever did
Then I was never ever on this planet
But I plan to dead him and forget him
If I ever seen another
'Nother different mother fucker
On a level of a level one
Level headed rapper
That be rappin' circles
'Round the circles that you rappers burnin'
Burnin' rappers like I'm burnin'
Burnin' bridges with the niggas
That be burnin' bitches
On a murder mission
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction

I'm on a murder mission
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
The judge told me I don't listen
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
Run and tell the competition
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
I said, I'm on a murder mission
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
I'm on a murder mission
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
The cops told me I don't listen
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
Run and tell the competition
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
Jurisdiction
Regarded as mercilessly destructive and unstoppable
Something that demands blind devotion
Or sacrifice
What are you willing to sacrifice?
To censor the word is ground
When you can, it's comparable
To mean something more than
Jurisdiction

I see a bunch of sentimental niggas
In the ghetto while I’m sittin’
On a Level while I’m spittin’
Instrumental  went on trippin’
Independent Independent
On the feelin or the mission
I go heaven it hadn’t been an aberration
I ain’t selling crack I did it
But my other  was tripping
And my brother has some bitches
I be fucking I was different
And I know it
You was on my Jurisdicton
And I saw it
You ain’t know what I’d had been through
I don’t hate ‘em make no friends
And I don’t care about potential
I don’t care to make it simple
Take advantage of your mental
I’m a idol
You just wanna infiltrate me
You the smartest
Little kids talkin’ cray
Sayin’ they just wann’ be like Tony Montana
Sniffin' out the coke with the homies, don-da-da
Drug dealin', bang bang, with the phony bandanna
'Til the homies run right up in your cozy mañana
That's real
Tough or not
Funny how a funny nigga talk a lot
Funny how the money make a sucker pop
‘Cause it feel good like a nigga took a puff of rock
But I can give a damn if he tough or not
Joyner’s on fire like the oven’s hot
Beat the pussy up like a Juggernaut
Say you run the city what the fuck you niggas talking ‘bout
Fuck the law
Tell the government that I’m a terrorist
And tell the president that I’m a colored kid
Tryna make a penny of a half a G
And that'll be the day you catch me workin' at a god damn Applebee's
Nigga, don’t be dappin’ me
‘Cause we ain’t got shit to talk about
What you talking ‘bout dangerous
Them rappers wanna be a bunch a gangsters
But they can suck my dick with a mouth full of braces
Oh you in trouble
Never ever have I ever
Ever seen another motherfucker fuck her
Fuck her better, better than him
If I ever did
Then I was never ever on this planet
But I plan to dead him and forget him
If I ever seen another
'Nother different mother fucker
On a level of a level one
Level headed rapper
That be rappin' circles
'Round the circles that you rappers burnin'
Burnin' rappers like I'm burnin'
Burnin' bridges with the niggas
That be burnin' bitches
On a murder mission
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction (jurisdiction)
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction

I'm on a murder mission
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
The judge told me I don't listen
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
Run and tell the competition
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
I said, I'm on a murder mission
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
I'm on a murder mission
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
The cops told me I don't listen
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
Run and tell the competition
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdiction
Stay the fuck up out my jurisdictionEmbed
Damn
So what they uh...your dreams is suppose to mean something right? But this shit don't make no sense. I keep having the same dreams over and over again. It's crazy. She said...

"Nigga you just like your father
I knew I shouldn't have kept you
Son told me not to have you, little bastard I regret you
You so disrespectful
Your daddy wore a condom and it broke
You shouldn't even be born, you wasn't meant to"
"Oh bitch I can't believe you
You never was my mom, bitch you always did me wrong
We could never get along
So many times I tried and plenty times I cried
You were never by my side, shit you never did me right"
"Motherfucker damn right
Your daddy never loved me
Used to beat me and he left me for some hefter in the country
And you a spitting image of that piece of shit faggot
If you think I treat you bad, muhfucka just imagine
I used to write poetry, he took away my passion
If you don't believe me ask him"
"But that was way back when"
"I don't give a fuck I can see his face all in your face
For what he did to me you gon' pay for his mistakes"
You might also like
Nightmares and I can't sleep
Pray the Lord and I hope that He can hear me
Bad dreams and I wonder what it means
Lord have mercy on me
Nightmares and I can't sleep
Pray the Lord and I hope that He can hear me
Bad dreams and I wonder what it means
Lord have mercy on me

"Nigga shut the fuck up
You got it fucked up, I never should've trusted you
Or fucked with you, you fucked up
I knew I should've one'd you
I knew I shouldn't have fucked you
Son told me not to trust you I knew you was nothing special"
"Bitch be happy I ain't leave you
You lucky I ain't left you, hefter don't be forgetful
I did everything I can do
But you so ungrateful and I'm so faithful
I done took care of your kids like they mine it amaze you
A nigga could be so good, working two jobs and
Bitch you got some nerve coming at me sideways
No wonder when you get a man you can never keep one
It's just that you don't know a good nigga when you see one"
"Fuck you
You don't know what I've been through with my baby dad
He beat my ass, nigga left me, wouldn't take me back
Sometimes I see his face all in your face
For what he put me through you gon' pay for his mistakes"
Nightmares and I can't sleep
Pray the Lord and I hope that He can hear me
Bad dreams and I wonder what it means
Lord have mercy on me
Nightmares and I can't sleep
Pray the Lord and I hope that He can hear me
Bad dreams and I wonder what it means
Lord have mercy on me4Embed
I wanna expand my brain, but I'm trapped in prison
Got me shackled up in chains for the maximum sentence
I'm tryna get out my ways to bring me back to census
And maybe teach myself some game and turn my rags to riches, mmm
Ain't no excuses we all start at the bottom
Gotta learn to speak yo' truth and that's just part of the process
Shit, if I ain't the solution, guess I'm part of the problem
You pullin' flowers out the roots when I just wanted to blossom
And I'm exhausted, but I tried my best
We needed change 'cause we tired of stress, tryna flex
Bought you a chain, but couldn't buy respect, I'm not impressed
We can't evolve unless we follow steps, it's not a test
I'm tired of frontin' like we not oppressed
And I thought if I was rich, then all my problems'd be through
'Til I made a few million and now I got more problems than you
I know it feels good to win, but it hurts a lot when you lose
Don't ever say what you gon' do unless you followin' through

I'm talking execution (Execution), uh
And I don't know where I'm goin', but I'm learnin' as I'm growin'
That's the evolution (The evolution)
Hope I don't finish last, I'm still healin' from my past
I need some retribution (Retribution)
Did a lot of gettin' even, but I'm sick and tired of beefin'
What's the resolution? (Resolution)
I'm talkin' evolution (Evolution)
You might also like
I gotta be honest, I never thought that I would pop this quickly
Feels good to look at my phone and see Rihanna hit me
Nah, it ain't on no shit like that, shorty a goddess to me
Just one of my friends that I can vent to when my conscious get me
Look, I ain't into what niggas is doin', I'm on some other shit
I never been the type to turn up and be on that clubbin' shit
I'm lookin' at niggas like, "Bruh, you grown, how you still love this shit?"
I'd rather be home and watch some movies with my son and shit
'Cause I ain't tryna impress nobody, that shit get old quick
Like starin' at an old flick
Trynna travel back in '06
Maybe hope for what I won't get
All that temporary happiness only last until you grow sick
And them lights start to go dim
And the walls start to close in
And the times starts to pass you by
Don't act surprised
Better be careful what you ask from God
I had some jobs, shit, I quit and took control, my nigga
Got tired of buildin' companies up that I ain't own, my nigga
It's time to grow my nigga

Evolution (Na, na, na, na, na)
I don't know where I'm goin', but I'm learnin' as I'm growin'
That's the evolution (Na, na, na, na, na)
Hope I don't finish last, I'm still healin' from my past
I need some retribution (Na, na, na, na, na)
Did a lot of gettin' even, but I'm sick and tired of beefin'
What's the resolution? (Na, na, na, na, na)
I'm talkin' evolution (Evolution)
Na-na-na-na, na-na-na
Da-da-da-da, oh4Embed
Fall slowly
Fall slowly

I love you more than I love myself
If I weren't with you, I can't picture me with someone else
And every time we separate it's like we under spells
'Cause when we hurt each other we come back to help each other heal
You say I'm crazy, but at least you know my love is real
But shit, you crazy too, and that's why they say love is hell
And it's forever, so I hope you never up and bail
And if you ever left me for someone, you gon' get someone killed

You know the vibes we on be like some movie shit (Word)
And we don't always get along, but when we do, we lit (Lit)
I never understood love or what it truly is until I met you
Now we just inseparable until we trip (Yeah)

And every time you try to leave, I'm chasin' after you (Chasin' after you)
And every time I go, I keep on comin' back to you (Comin' back)
'Cause you belong to me, and I'm the other half of you
And as much as I need you, deep down I know I'm bad for you
You know I'm bad for you (Bad for you, bad for you)
You might also like
Fallin' slowly, fallin' slowly
Fallin' slowly, fallin' slowly

You're not perfect, but you make life worth it
Maybe that's why we stick together like cursive (Like cursive)
Hella toxic, but I know that I'm determined
If we can make it through the fire, we can breathe inside a furnace (Facts)
Your family never liked me, they all think that I'm a burden
They know when we're together you're a different type of person (True)
Whenever things get bad, it never seems like it's worth it
It's like we're drownin' really fast until we get back to the surface
And we never learnin' self-love (Yeah)
So we been there for each other when no one else was (No one else was)
And all the times I was broke and you kept me held up
And got me back focused or held me down when I felt stuck (Word)

And every time I try to leave, you're chasin' after me (Chasin' after me)
And every time you leave, you keep on comin' back to me (Comin' back)
'Cause I belong to you, and you're the other half of me
And as much as you need me, deep down you know you're bad for me
You know you're bad for me

Fallin' slowly, fallin' slowly
Fallin' slowly, fallin' slowly
I love you more than I love myself
If you weren't with me, I can't picture you with someone else
And every time we separate it's like we under spells
'Cause when we hurt each other we come back to help each other heal
You say I'm crazy, but at least you know my love is real
But shit, you crazy too, and that's why they say love is hell
And it's forever, so I hope you never up and bail
And if you ever left me for someone, you gon' get someone killed (Killed, killed, killed)

The swing that takes me now
Of crawlin' down me skin
Hold me by your name
Hold me 'til the end7Embed
This is intervention for these weak niggas; run around
Jump around like their shit is sweet but they funny style
Settle down, motherfucker, class is in session
Settle down, motherfucker, class is in session

You should get up out that bullshit
Just point me to the good shit
She just wants some good dick
I'll show you where to put it
So sick of all your fussin'
That shoulda/coulda/would shit
I been cursin' like I'm ign'ant
And my aunty told me different
"That's that ratched"
Bitch, I'm ghetto fab'lous
Broke as hell the whole year
Then boss so hard with taxes
I felt like a grown man
When I was just a bastard
Hidin' condoms in my mattress
Tryin' to figure how to catch a bitch attention
I been dreamin' like I'm Malcom
Schemin' like I'm browsin'
Grindin' times a thousand
I been flyin' like a falcon
Over water, under bridges
This beat is too ridic'lous
Fuck around and break a mirror
I ain't into superstition
I'm is what the game is missin'
This the main invention
This is fuckin' homework
I hope you paid attention
I been playin', you been benchin'
These fuckers need detention
Or suspension or some counselin'
Or some Joyner intervention, nigga
You might also like
This is intervention for these weak niggas; run around
Jump around like their shit is sweet but they funny style
Settle down, motherfucker, class is in session
Settle down, motherfucker, class is in session

Okay, you brag about the Benzs
Then hoppin' out the Nissan (You lyin'!)
I thought we were best friends
A shoulder I could lean on
Bunch of niggas thirsty
Go drink some Aquafina
Bunch of men that act like females
Ho, go drink some lime-a-rita with yo bitch ass
White on white like riff raff
Shined so bright my whip dashed
And it killed my swag on impact
And I died, what the hell, got sent back
And they sent my ass to the med lab
And now I feel like Hulk with a pen pad
And two lightnin' bolts would've went passed me
Don't look at me
I'm hype with a game like this
His flow tight, but it ain't like this
It feel like that, then it ain't my shit
Better frame my pic in an eight by ten
And I made my bed, don't lie by me
She don't suck dick, that's fine by me
'Cause I got chicks that abide by me
Better honk your horn when you ride by me
Better high five me when the game's in session
'Cause this the main invention
And this is fuckin' homework
I hope you paid attention
I been playin', you been benchin'
These fuckers need detention
Or suspension or some counselin'
Or some Joyner intervention, wha'?!
This is intervention for these weak niggas; run around
Jump around like their shit is sweet but they funny style
Settle down, motherfucker, class is in session
Settle down, motherfucker, class is in session

All y'all niggas need intervention, I'm independent
Don't get defensive, I'm sorry (I'm sorry)
Mind your business, I'm thinkin' big
And I think I'm pimpin', I'm Scottie (Scottie)
Bitches think that I'm cocky (Cocky)
Dead silent, my posse (Posse)
Better be stressed, no East–West
No Keith Sweat (No body)
Probably ain't get that line, my nigga (Nah)
Probably throw a fit and cry, my nigga (Yah)
But it's okay, I ride, my nigga
Go drink some henny and drive, my nigga
Go slide by, this my time, my nigga
Don't mind my thoughts, I'm just 
Y'all just  snakes, I piss on venom
More reason y'all niggas need intervention
I'm just Lieutenant Sergeant Joyner
Lucas, nigga, what you doin'?
Spendin' all your fuckin' bread
Tryin' to stunt, what you provin'?
Ba-ba-ball so hard, motherfuckers want to find me
Or motherfuckers want to try me
Motherfuckers want to rob me
Shit, you better robbin' Williams' Jumanji
And that's what it is (What it is)
For the li'l kids, I'm what it is (What it is)
Break down doors at your mother's crib
Better open your door or I'm comin' in
Yeah, I'm runnin' in, better ace this lesson
You niggas need detention
Or suspension or some counselin'
Or some Joyner intervention, wha'?!
This is intervention for these weak niggas; run around
Jump around like their shit is sweet but they funny style
Settle down, motherfucker, class is in session
Settle down, motherfucker, class is in sessionEmbed
Hey, let me clarify something for you
You're looking at a lot of fucking time
So this is completely up to you
We can do this the easy way (Snitch)
Or we can do it the hard way (Snitch)
I need some fuckin' information (Snitch)
And I need it right now (Snitch)
This your motherfuckin' conscience, nigga, don't even do it
Don't start actin' like a bitch 'cause you forgot where you goin'
You made choices that done put you here, and now you just ruined
And I don't care about why you did it or who got you influenced
Nah, don't listen to that nigga, that ain't good advice
If you cooperate, then it's your chance to save your life
Just tell 'em what thеy wanna know and you won't pay the price
Some would call it snitchin', but for mе, I call it make it right
Man, fuck that "make it right" shit, you gotta sit through your bid
You should've thought about this shit before you did what you did
Give a fuck about your family or your bitch or your kids
You either gon' respect the code or your gon' get what you give
Who gives a fuck about the codes? No one follow codes
We both know that jail ain't the place you wanna go
Somebody fuckin' on your bitch, you tryna call her phone
If I was you, I'd tell them boys everythin' they wanna know
Pssh, okay, let's think about this, let's embrace it
Let's make an illustration
Let's say you switch up with it and bitch up and then make a statement
Now niggas in jail, that nigga ain't tellin', had no snitch temptations
Now you might be free, but you might get killed for givin' up information
And if you don't get killed, then that's a wrap, everybody gon' know you as a rat
Won't get no respect for the rest of your life, nobody wanna know you after that
You might just run, but you never could hide, how long you hopin' that'll last
'Fore they catch you slippin' and give you somethin' that you know you had to have?
Fuck that, let's say you keep your mouth shut and take the blame for it
Now you need money on your books, ain't no one payin' for it
No visitations or no letters you've been waitin' for
That pussy you've been cravin' for, you may not get laid no more
And all them niggas that you call your brothers'll be ghost
The only one who got you is your mother if you close
A bunch of niggas screamin' "free you" and makin' posts
No one show up to your trial, niggas pray that you get smoked
Man, please tell me you ain't 'bout to take this sucka's advice
Your kids'll grow up knowin' that you just a sucka for life
Lackin' morals and integrity, it come with a price
And if you fold, then you should know that we ain't nothin' alike
And if you leavin' here tonight, you better cop a burner
Don't fuck around and be somebody ain't nobody heard of
Now here's your choice, be a man or be somebody murdered
It's either you can take the stand or you'll be Bobby Shmurda
Free Bobby Shmurda (Shmurda, Shmurda, Shmurda, Shmurda)
You might also like
Alright
So it was me, C-Dot, Killa, Rico and Vic
Cut the shit
Who is Rico? Who is Vic? (Snitch)
I want their real names (Snitch)
Killa's name is Jonathan Taylor (Snitch)
And Rico's Michael McCormick
And Vic (Snitch), he was the person, pretty much
He was like the head of the operation
Snitch (Snitch, snitch)
Snitch (Snitch, snitch)
Snitch (Snitch, snitch)
Snitch (Snitch, snitch)
What's up now, nigga?
*Gunshot*24Embed

Okay guys, time to go
Remember to bring your homework in tomorrow
And please, don't run, walk, please
Thank you
Joyner, stay behind one second, I wanna talk to you

Alright

What’s going on with you? You've been kinda off lately, everything okay at home?

Yeah, everything's fine at home, I guess

How come you didn’t participate in class today?
When the other kids were telling me what they wanted to be when they grow up?

I don't know, they all just sounded stupid

Well, beforе you leave, I want you to tell mе
What do you want to be when you grow up?
You might also like
I want to be an entrepreneur, I want to change the world!
I don't want to be like these other kids
I want to be my own boss, I don't want to work for nobody
But what do I look like taking orders from people?
I wanna do things that were never done before
I want my legacy to live forever!
I wanna make sure my kids are straight, and my kids' kids' kids are straight
You feel me?Embed
And I think I've encountered my hardest days
Lord, won't You save me? Oh
You know what I've been prayin' for
And I never thought I'd see this day, yeah
I gotta make it change
And I think I've encountered my hardest days

Uh, writin' plans to make a new report (Yeah)
Grind hard and turn my basement to a jewelry store
If you don't do it for your kids, then who you do it for?
I'm tryna read and learn some shit I never knew before
Focused on investments (Yeah) build me up some nеw resorts
We can manifest it (Word) you'd rathеr hit the Louis store
Wastin' all your blessings, care about the ones who doubt you
Just to impress some hoes who never gave a fuck about you
Just what I discovered
Never believed in family, that word is really a cover
Just a title that have the advantage to keep you under (Oh, yeah)
I got niggas I consider brothers more than my brothers
So watch it, you show your colors
We livin' in a world where prison walls is depravation (Yeah)
Livin' in a world where snitchin' calls for celebration (Yeah)
Livin' in a world where niggas crawl and segregation
Rainy nights and desperation, pray we fight the legislation
Protest until we flatline, paralyzed (Uh)
They throwin' stones at my Black Lives Matter signs (Oh)
Made a change but we still not satisfied
I can't smile half the time I'm still (I'm still)
I'm still waitin', sittin' plottin' on the couch (Word)
‘Cause I know that I ain't safe when all these cops is on the prowl (Yeah)
Tryna think of other ways, but we ain't got no other route
I'm startin' to understand that shit that Pac was talkin' ‘bout (Word)
You might also like
And I think I've encountered my hardest days
Lord, won't You save me? Oh
You know what I've been prayin' for (Uh, uh, uh, uh)
And I never thought I'd see this day  (Uh, uh, uh, uh) yeah
I gotta make it change
And I think I've encountered my hardest days
Lord, won't You save me? Oh
You know what I've been prayin' for
And I never thought I'd see this day, yeah
I gotta make it change
And I think I've encountered my—

Look, time is money and the clock tickin'
I teach my son love and respect, that's a God given (Word)
My sperm donor never been shit, just a flop
Listen, if it wasn't for my step-pops, I'd prolly turn out different (Facts)
Probably be in a cell doin' a life sentence (Facts)
Probably have twenty baby mamas and nine bitches (Facts)
Probably grow up misguided, twisted inside the system
Dropped out and failed ‘cause nobody listen to my admission (Yeah)
Sick of gettin' in fights with niggas less educated
Sick of gettin' advice from niggas who never made it (Ooh)
Sick of bein' polite to people with lesser patience
Oftentimes, I wonder where I would be if I never made it
The hatin' always comes from niggas
That wish they had all your blessings or the clout (True)
And bad vibes forever, but I'm destined on this route (Yeah)
I'm startin' to understand that shit that X was talkin' ‘bout (Word)
And I think I've encountered my hardest days
Lord, won't You save me? Oh
You know what I've been prayin' for
And I never thought I'd see this day, yeah
I gotta make it change

Worst thing comes to worst
I fuckin' die a tragic death or some shit
And I'm not able to see out my dreams
I at least wanna know that the kids perceive my message
And were able to make something of themselves
And able to take my message
And use it and turn it into somethin' positive
And to, to at least have a good life

If it ain't black owned, I'm prolly gon' use it to chop crack on
Hard white for all them hard nights I had my back on
Roach-infested carpet, tip-toe in my mother's room
See a dresser and felt no pressure when takin' a twenty off it
Compton like a closed coffin, we walkin' to school coughin'
Often high off the gun smoke, Boston had at the front door
Cookin' class, I'm JAY, Hov', rock it up on they stove
Me and my teacher goin' back and forth like Noname and J. Cole
You said I would never be what? I wouldn't amount to what?
Now you in this Trader Joe's, same lines, sayin', “Wassup?” (Oh)
Talkin' ‘bout like how you like my songs, not knowin' it was me
Security had me in a headlock and I told you I couldn't breathe
Now it's Black Lives Matter and white letters on your shirt
Now how many black lives did you help, or did you hurt?
Did you handicap, block, push to excel or did you hinder?
Since hindsight's 20/20, I guess you don't remember
Now you with your mixed child, havin' all these mixed feelings
But do your black husband know you tried to burn down our village?
But never mind, from the line, that's for y'all to figure out
Just know that boy who wasn't shit bailed all his niggas out
And it's my black queen, I kiss her on her black lips
And she rock Off-White ‘cause she support black shit
And I'm blacker than a Steeler helmet or a Spike Lee flick
Black like the pick stuck in the afro of Kaepernick1Embed
I've got this darkness in my soul
Don't see no light when I'm wide awake
I'm sick of workin' for no ends
You see the greed made me feel hate
And there's no turnin' back, no
Keep runnin' from my past
Well, the fear, it always lasts
I don't think you know me, know me, no
You don't know my life, my heart, my soul, no
If you've seen the things I've seen
If you've seen the things I've seen, see things I've seen

Black women hurt, black women curse
Black brothers doin' black women dirt
Black women cryin', black women murk
We can never put a black woman first
Black lives matter, black lives scatter
Black eyes under black eye shadow
Black blood made a black life splatter
Black sister had a black life shadow
Black single mother, black favorite color
Black brother made a black woman suffer
Black women down, black women under
We contribute to the black women struggle
Black women brave, black women save
Black women lost, black women fade
Black man with a black woman
Made black paint, made a black woman change
Black women cryin', black women tired
Tears runnin' down a black woman's eye
Black women run, black women hide
Black violence made a black woman die
Black woman passed, black mama sad
Black pride on a black woman had
Black rage for the black women, mad
Black man callin' black women trash
Black women hurt, let you back in
Black women keep protectin' black men
Black men don't protect the black queen
Black women always get the back seat
You might also like
Black women preach, black women teach
Black soil for the black women seeds
Black pain's all a black woman sees
Black love's all a black woman needs

Woah-oh, you don't know the tears I've cried
If you've seen the things I've seen (Oh, seen the things)
If you've seen the things I've seen
Woah-oh, I'm standin' 'til the end, woah
If you've seen the things I've seen
If you've seen the things I've seen

Black resurrected, black manifested
Black women vision, black innovation
Black women faith, black women blessings
Black man keep the black queen protected
Black women safe, black women save
Black business is a black women paid
Black don't crack, black don't age
Black women proud, black women praised
Black women smilin', black women shinin'
Black women got it, black women write it
Black wealth, no more back to the bottom
Black kings get a black woman diamonds
Black women body, black women climbin'
Black women body, black women poppin'
Black men keep the black woman honored
Black roses painted back and they got 'em
Black loyalty, black royalty
Black novelty, black odyssey
Black women in a black colony
Black women feelin' black harmony
Black for the people, black women peaceful
Black man treatin' black women equal
Backbone what a black women teach you
Black strength when a black woman feed you
Black pride, that's what's happenin' now
Black men holdin' black women down
Black women gettin' cash and I'm proud
Black angels and they trapped in the clouds
Black women preach, black women teach
Black soil for the black women seeds
Black pain's all a black woman sees
Black love's all a black woman needs

Woah-oh, you don't know the tears I've cried
If you've seen the things I've seen (Oh, seen the things)
If you've seen the things I've seen
Woah-oh, I'm standin' 'til the end, woah
If you've seen the things I've seen
If you've seen the things I've seen (Things I've seen)

My God, I lost a lot of love
Can see the pain in my momma's face
A daughter hangin' from this earth
She got them scars she don't deserve
And there's no turnin' back
Keep runnin' from my past
Well, the fear, it always lasts, mmm
Seen the things I've seen
If you've seen the things I've seen (Oh, seen the things)
If you've seen the things I've seen
Woah-oh, I'm standin' 'til the end, woah
If you've seen the things I've seen
If you've seen the things I've seen
Ooh-ooh, woah
Ooh-ooh, woah
Ooh-ooh, woah
Ooh-ooh (Things I've seen, things I've seen)3Embed
Zim Zimma (Zim Zimma)
Who got the keys to my motherfuckin' Bimmer?
Bitch, I ain't no iller...
Yeah

I want a 'Rari, I'm feelin' godly (Woah)
Wonder how much that gon' cost me, they feelin' saucy (Buck, buck)
Niggas know that I'm a problem, they'll never solve me (Buck, buck, buck)
If you came to start some drama, then bring an army
I've been goin' fuckin' fast and it got me swervin'
I know that I'm a child of God, but they want me cursed in
I've been trappin' out the Ozark, I'm Marty Byrdin' (Oh, oh)
And I've been hard at work, yeah, ho, you just hardly workin'
If it wasn't for this rap shit, I'd be movin' kilos
Front the pack from my connect then cop a few casinos
Used to fake it 'til I made it just to boost my ego
Stashin' money in my shirt, they thought I grew some chichos, oh no
I got some nеw wheels, uh-uh
Tired of kids, they think that we in school still, ah-ah
Play mе, you gon' find out how the tool feel, ah-ah
Fuck around and you gon' find out who's real, ah-ah
Who, yeah, ah-ah

Zim Zimma (Zim Zimma)
Who got the keys to my motherfuckin' Bimmer?
Bitch, I used to dream of this
I ain't that nigga you could
You might also like
Play with, nigga, that's dangerous (Oh)
Told 'em I was raised in the basement
Twin AKs in the playpen
Take your face, rearrange it
I can turn eggs into bacon (Yeah)
I can serve base with a apron
Niggas been waitin' to hate it (True)
I got a Beamer and I'm anxious to race it
Vroom right past you (Vroom right past you)
Cops keep followin' a nigga, that's bad news
I don't like hassles (I don't like hassles)
Suck it down Remy and I'm feelin' like Papoose
Hope I don't crash you (Hope I don't crash you)
Lil' bird bitch with me and I call a ho Zazu
Mind your bidness (Mind your bidness)
Fuck your opinion, nobody asked you, woah
Look (Yeah), this that WAP-WAP shit (Yeah)
Shit'll make a nigga wanna stop, drop, shit (Buck)
Roll when you hit 'em with the Glock-Glock, bitch (Buck, buck)
Semi-automatic if a nigga really think he want static
Now a nigga doin' pop-lock, bitch
Oh, you thought you was a hotshot, bitch? (Oh)
Now you want a crown with a hotshot, bitch (Hey)
Nigga, I was raised on the block-block, bitch
This is my time, no stopwatch, bitch
All of my whips is top-notch, bitch
How to get a plug at the chop shop, bitch
Even my son got pop rocks, bitch
Fuckin' your bitch, don't cock block, bitch
I get your bitch, at my casa, bitch
She gon' ride my drop top, bitch
Zim Zimma (Zim Zimma)
Who got the keys to my motherfuckin' Bimmer?
Bitch, I used to dream of this
I ain't that nigga you could

I got some bands, now they got they hands out (Hey)
All them hoes that have a man now, they pull my pants down
They know they don't got no chance now, bitch, I'm the man now (Hey, hey)
Used to be my only fan, she got OnlyFans now
Yeah, I'm swervin', I got road rage, I feel like OJ
I don't wear no fuckin' Dolce, I smell like olé (Joyner)
I might go back to my old ways, she want her soul saved
I done traded in my soulmate and got a gold chain
Okay
I came up way under-privileged, poverty livin' and I ain't had nothin' but scraps (Yeah)
I had to watch niggas winnin' and drivin' in foreigns and I was just stuck in the back (Word)
I had to learn me the bidness so once I applied it, I made me a couple of racks (Yeah)
I had ménages with Nicki and Cardi and Megan and then I woke up from a nap
Ooh (Ooh)
I had a Bugatti and then I woke up in the trap (Yeah)
I had a couple of friends I left in the past 'cause they don't do nothin' but cap (Yeah)
I know a couple of niggas that don't know the bidness and they don't do nothin' but rap (Yeah)
Fuck it I guess I'll just shut up and drive, I got me a Beamer, I'm runnin' the lap
Zim Zimma (Zim Zimma)
Who got the keys to my motherfuckin' Bimmer?
Bitch, I used to dream of this
I ain't that nigga you could

Yeah, put me inside of a room with niggas you think that are better than me
I crush them inevitably, and leave them as dead as can be
That go to any nigga who's steppin' to me, they all come second to me
My words are weapons to me- I burn it, second degree
And get it, and I'm sicker than any nigga that's sick, and I got it sick and it shiverin'
Even Ritalin couldn't get rid of the kid in him
You gotta be kiddin', I'm trippin', I kinda feel like a kid again (Rah, rah, rah)
And, yeah, I got somethin' to say
I ain't with the games, I ain't come to play
Nigga, you confused, you a broad, go tuck your leg
You trapped in the wrong body like Young M.A (Buck, buck)
I need my money like andale
Got a one-inch blade, get cut then we run that fade
I ain't really with the dumb ass shade
I come back brave, get clapped when I run back sayin'

Zim Zimma (Zim Zimma)
Yeah, ayy
All the girls, dem sugar
I'm a trill ass nigga, I'm a Mike Jack thriller
I'm a VJ killer, I'ma get 'em long-range, Reggie Miller
Watch me swerve on a nigga
Zim Zimma (Zim Zimma)
Yeah, yeah
All the girls, dem sugar
I'm a trill ass nigga (Buck, buck), I'm a Mike Jack thriller (Buck, buck)
I'm a VJ killer, I'ma get 'em long-range, Reggie Miller
Watch me swerve on a nigga
Zim Zimma (Zim Zimma)9Embed
Yeah (Buck, buck)
Middle fingers to my foes, straight like that (Yeah)
This the truest story ever told, straight like that (Straight, uh)
On my phone, we speakin' codes, straight like that (Brrr)
This the shit that keep them on they toes, straight like that (Buck, buck)
How many niggas reach they goals? Straight like that (Hey)
How many niggas folded? So they told, straight like that (Uh)
Cut you off, you had to go, straight like that (Woo)
I just need some space for me to grow, straight like that (Yeah)
If it's fuck me, then it's fuck you, straight like that (Buck, buck)
You ain't hard to find for me touch you, straight like that (Ah)
Had to grind, had to hustle, straight like that (Yeah)
Gainеd a piece of mind from the strugglе, straight like that (Uh)
Multi-platinum sellin' millionaire, straight like that (Buck)
Those you think I owe 'em wasn't there, straight like that (Yeah)
A couple dollars in the prayers, straight like that (Woah)
Ain't a single nigga that I fear, straight like that (Yeah, yeah)
Yeah, I done shed a couple tears, straight like that (Hey)
Pourin' liquor for those who ain't here, straight like that (Uh)
Since you gon' make me disappear, straight like that (Yeah)
Then you gon' have to prove it, that's a dare, straight like—

You weren't afraid of them runnin' it (Woo)
Give it the way that you wanted it (Oh)
I never knew what the money would do
If I knew, then I wouldn't want none of it (Buck, buck)
Niggas I thought I was cool with is schemin'
But they wanna dap me in public
I'm startin' to think that I'm numb to it
I wear my heart on my sleeve, but decided to cover it (Rrah)
Wonder how crazy my son'd get (Buck)
I wrote a book, and then buried and covered it
Hope that he'd never discover it
Wonder if he only knew all the shit that he up against
I gotta put me in front of it (Hey)
I want it all and they only want some of it
I think I need me a ton of it
They wanted drama until I decided to come with it
You might also like
Straight like that, straight like that, straight like that, straight
(Straight, straight, straight, straight)
Straight like that, straight like that, straight like that, straight
(Straight, straight)

Yeah (Buck, buck), look
Sober minds is my regime, straight like that (Woah, yeah)
I don't do no drugs or sip no lean, straight like that, yeah (Skkrt)
Crack turned my cousin to a fiend, straight like that (Fact)
I just hope that one day he might get clean, straight like that
Pop this shit, I'll make a scene, straight like that (Pop)
I might take this shit to the extreme, straight like that (Crack, yeah)
Twenty-nine, bitch, that's my team, straight like that
If they don't buy my shit, then they gon' stream, straight like that (Oh-oh)
New bitch in my crib, I might just dick her, straight like that (Stripper)
I just flip her over, I don't kiss her, straight like that (Yeah)
I ain't fallin' for no stripper, straight like that (Never)
I said fuck the labels and got richer, straight like that
Used to struggle, now we icey, straight like that (Icey)
Hope my daughter don't meet no one like me, straight like that (Word)
If she do, he gotta fight me, straight like that (Brrap)
Someone gotta pay as shit get pricey straight like that

Hop in the foreign, I'm swervin' it (Ah)
They want a dish and I'm servin' it (Ah)
Word to the niggas who thought I was leavin'
I told 'em I'm stayin', it's permanent (Buck)
Typical nigga been hurtin' these women
They feelings, they wasn't deservin' it
I broke their heart and I'm sure of it
I did some damage, I hope that one day I can learn from it (Buck, buck, buck)
That probably won't be the first of it (Yeah)
I'm on a journey, I feel like a journalist
Never had many alternatives
Only way out is to murder it, I gotta murder it (Ah-ah)
I bet that you be observin' it
I'm all the way up and I'm feelin' the turbulence
I need my peace, you disturbin' it
You put some drop up inside my pocket and it's startin' to-
Straight like that, straight like that, straight like that, straight
(Straight like, straight like, straight like)
Straight like that, straight like that, straight like that, straight
(Straight)6Embed
Look, pour me a drink
I don't do liquor, I know what you think
This is a vibe
This that shit that make niggas get fly and go on a date
Fly to Dubai, order a steak
I got a shawty, she told me she loved me
I know that she mean it, don't know what to say
She want a nigga to go all the way
She want a—
She want that feelin' that she on a mission to find what she missin'
She need the commitment but don't wanna wait
I need a break, I need (A break)
She need a hubby
I wish I could love like I did in my twenties
I wish I was me back when I had no money
I wish I could give her all that she want from me
And I know it hurts (Yeah)
I got a diamond, don't know what it's worth
Don't know what is worse
Sleepin' alone or sleepin' with someone you know you gon' hurt
Layin' with somеone you know that you killin'
And deep down inside, you know that she willin' to stay and just ridе
Just hopin' that one day this shit'll be fine
But what if it isn't? Or what if I'm wrong?
What am I missin'? Where do I belong?
She got a vision and I never listen
I think I been lookin' for somethin' that never existed
I'm dealin' with scars that never be fixin'
I know that I'm guilty of every conviction (Yeah)
Now how can I look in the mirror and talk to myself
When I know I ain't ready to listen or ready to fix it? (Woo)
You might also like
I just packed the ride (Woo)
That's a vibe
I ain't perfect, but I try
She said, “That's a lie
You know you just sabotage” (Hey)
Girl, you cold
You know I'm in love with you but I ain't done bein' a ho

I got a shawty beside of me (Woo)
She ain't got shit that she proud of me (Hey)
She never trip up or lie to me
She never bicker or brother me (Buck)
I got a bitch with a Rolls-Royce
She wanna pull up beside of me (Woah)
She never get in my way
And don't ever complain about spendin' no time with me
I got a, I got a shawty that give me up (Hey)
I don't need no one to trip me up (Yeah)
Too many hoes wanna keep me down
I got a bitch that'll pick me up
She wanna suck me and lick me up (Woah)
I got a ho that'll spoil me
Treat me like royalty
I gotta live it up (Woah)
None of these women can get enough
I got a, I got a shawty with hella ambition
Somebody who trust and believe in my vision
And keep to herself and don't be in my business
Won't talk to nobody, not even my niggas (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I swear that her booty's a heavy addiction
I just wanna hit it in every position
I'm very consistent
I don't wanna cuddle, she very submissive with every decision (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
And shawty a boss
She got my, she got my back and she ‘bout it (Yeah)
If I try to pay for the bill, she tell me, “Don't worry, my nigga, I got it” (Got it)
Baddest lil' bitch in the Hills, her body amazin', I'm talkin' exotic (You heard?)
Shawty be cookin' me meals and fuckin' me crazy
I'm talkin' demonic, I'm talkin' neurotic
But I ain't in love with these bitches, I'm not gonna reach (Woo, woo, woo)
I hate that the woman I love has gotta compete (Woo, woo, woo)
But I'm tryna figure the reason I’m incomplete
Nobody perfect and not even me
I figured all of these hoes can solve the problem, well maybe the problem is me
Hey, babe (Hey, babe)
I just found love and I never had a love like you
Hey, babe (Hey, babe)
I just found love and I never had a love like you
Baby (Baby)
I just want love and I never had a love like you
Baby (Baby)
I just found love and I never had someone like you
(I keep fallin', I keep fallin')
Lately
I been on the drugs and I never had no one like you
(I keep fallin', I keep fallin')
Baby
I been down on luck and I been out on us like you
(I keep fallin', I keep fallin')
Lately
I been on the drugs and I never had no one like you
(I keep fallin', I keep fallin')
Baby
I can't fall in love and know I can love like

I just found love and I never had a love like you
I just want love and I never had a love like you
Baby (Baby)1Embed
Shit, I close my eyes sometimes and I just think, like...
Like, did you really do this shit, my nigga? Like...
Is this shit even real, cuz?
Ha, this shit crazy (Buck, buck, buck, buck)
I go to sleep and I try to wake up with a clear conscience and shit, you feel me? Like...
I done been through the mud, nigga
Sacrificed a lot to get to the endzone, my nigga
Just tryna give our kids a better life than we had, my nigga (Buck, buck, buck, buck)
I always wanted to change the cycle and
Create a new generation and pass down everything I worked for, my nigga
I'm just, I'm just thinkin' out loud
Look (Yеah)

I wonder where lifе would probably take me, yeah
Won't break me, yeah
I show some love to niggas who hate me, yeah (Yeah)
That's crazy, yeah
I kept my cool without no AC, yeah (Word)
Got somethin' to prove, I jumped in the pool and now I'm wavy, yeah (Splash)
And lately, I've been tryna hold my blessings
You talk to God, but you don't know the message
Those are lessons (Yeah)
Walkin' in circles without no direction
No exceptions (Woah)
Don't give advice if you don't know the pressure
Close your lips 'cause half of you more full of shit than colon cleansers (Woo!)
I was born in inside a manger (Word)
And no one ever did me favors, now I'm highly-favored (Yeah)
I finally made it out the hood, now I ain't got no neighbors (Nope)
So before you talk to me, you gotta sign a waiver (Woo)
Post-traumatic stress disorder keep my conscience racin'
Deep inside my thoughts
Wonder how much I can grow if I just even out my flaws (Yeah)
How I teach myself I'm still a winner even when I lost?
And if I lose, I know I'll still be on even when I'm off
I took my chances and I'm eatin' now
I'm finally learnin' all the shit I used to read about
Now I could live all of the shit I used to dream about
'Cause niggas tried to leave me out
But I learned to get revenge through my success and so we even now (Buck, buck)
I stare at my reflection 'cause I like what I see (I like what I see)
All them years at CVS workin' them nights on my feet (Nights on my feet)
Ain't a nigga where I'm from'll reach the heights that I'll reach (Word)
I'll risk it all to give this life to my seed (Buck)
You might also like
And if I die today, I'm goin' out a fuckin' legend
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh
They gon' play this when I'm gone and I'll be resurrected
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh (Look)
Said if I die today, I'm goin' out a fuckin' legend
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh
And if they play this when I'm gone, then I'll be resurrected
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh

M-M-M-M-Maybach Music
I done seen a couple niggas lose they life over a dollar (Huh)
And they hit the hardest when it's not an outsider
Better keep your money close 'cause that's the only thing that's honest
Everybody thuggin' 'til they gotta face your honor
'64 Impala, hoppin', scrapin', bumpin' chronic
Ridin' solo 'cause these pussy-niggas out here countin' pockets (Huh)
Stackin' all my money, at the same time, lackin' knowledge
Homegrown in the south, it's in my blood and body-body (Oh)
You say you own your masters, can you tell me what they worth?
I still be havin' flashes 'cause it came from doin' dirt
Fifty restaurants all poppin' and I still be poppin' Percs (Huh)
Get you to support, but then they rob you for your merch (Why?)
Shot her in the foot, what pussy-boy, you rockin' skirts (Gang)
PJ to Miami where you know who got to work
Got the condo on the beaches, let the bitches come and twerk (Twerk)
Woke up out a coma, fuck around and fuck a nurse
And if I die today, I'm goin' out a fuckin' legend
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh (Huh)
They gon' play this when I'm gone and I'll be resurrected
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh (Look)
Said if I die today, I'm goin' out a fuckin' legend
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh
And if they play this when I'm gone, then I'll be resurrected
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh

And if I die today, I'm goin' out a fuckin' legend
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh
They gon' play this when I'm gone and I'll be resurrected
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh
Said if I die today, I'm goin' out a fuckin' legend
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh
I was lookin' to the Dope Boys in the FUBU (Yeah, yeah)
And if they play this when I'm gone, then I'll be resurrected
Oh-oh-oh-oh, oh-oh
Now they lookin' up to us, you heard me? (Uh)4Embed
In sweet dreams, I kid myself
Have your love for good
I really had hoped you'd stay
But like the river, you just come and go
And these things, they comfort me
When my mind's on you
And I feel you comfort me
But like the river, it just comes and goes
I used to think that you was Superman when I was younger (Yeah)
Findin' comfort in your voice when I was down and under
Put you on a pedestal and now I kinda wonder if that made sense
‘Cause I'm convinced you showed a lot of colors (Yeah)
All them nights I was alone, I hid inside thе covers
Used to argue with my moms whеnever I was stubborn (Facts)
I never warmed up to the idea of a step-dad because he wasn't you
And you and him ain't even like each other (Word)
Used to bring me ‘round your girlfriends as I recall
I thought one or two was cool, but I ain't like ‘em all
‘Cause all you ever did was argue ‘bout who's right or wrong
And you ain't have no job, so you would sit at home and light a bong (Yeah)
Used to crave for your attention, but I never got it
And everything you said we'd do is just another promise
You had dreams of bein' famous and I never doubted
But I started rhymin' to impress you, if we bein' honest (Facts)
But we can have some bondin' time and maybe pow-wow
A father/son relationship that we can smile ‘bout
At time's you got abusive and I had to bow down
Or keep on makin' music to try and compete with Bow Wow
Your father died when you was young, I think that made a scar
I started thinkin' maybe that's why you the way you are (Nah)
End of the day, no excuse for how you played your part
Told myself when I became a father, I'ma raise the bar (Word)
We had a lot of fallin' outs and didn't talk for years
And all them birthdays and holidays got awfully weird
You threw me in a foster home and I was brought to tears
Livin' with some strangers, feelin' anxious, I was lost and scared (Yeah)
You might also like
And now I'm starin' at the river tryna get across
And all I see is apparitions of what never was
And everything I used to wish for is dead and lost
And if I never see your ass again, I'll be better off
I'll be better off (Yeah)

You are so negative (Uh)
And you say you know
But you know a goddamn thing
Like the river, you just run and go
You say you could do good
And better you know
But you tried no goddamn thing
Like the river, I'ma run from you

I told myself I wouldn't write a song, but fuck it, I did
Oftentimes, I sit and wonder if it's somethin' I did
Or maybe I was immature, but is it somethin' I said?
I can't help but feel the feelin' that there's somethin' I missed
I told you somethin' happened to me and you ain't protect me (Yeah)
You tried to say you ain't believe me as you disrespect me (Facts)
And plus, you never had my back, in fact, you may resent me in a way
‘Cause everythin' I say, you try to use against me (Word)
And I never knew your other kids, but I knew of ‘em (True)
I'm not really sure if I like ‘em, but I do love ‘em (Do)
Shit, I don't even think you knew but just a few of ‘em
‘Cause all your baby mothers stayed away to keep you from ‘em (Word)
You probably out fillin' they heads with shit that's not the truth
You probably told ‘em that I switched up when I got some loot (Uh)
You probably told ‘em that I'm greedy and I'm not so cool
That I worship the devil and I sold my soul to cop a pool (Yeah)
I worked my ass off to get rich, let's not confuse
I sacrificed my whole twenties just so I can move (True)
While everybody else was chillin', hangin' out with crews
I was writin' a plan to finally win while tryin' not to lose (True)
I still remember signin' my deal and you got hella funny
And at that time, you probably figured I had hella money (Yeah)
But I only got a small advance, so I ain't even get a chance to hold you down
‘Cause then you started gettin' jealous of me
But I'm worth a couple million now, I turned out fine (Yeah)
I copped my moms a big crib and went and got mine
An indoor pool with a house made and I'm not lyin' (Nope)
A happy son who loves his dad, it's about time (Yeah)
But I'm still starin' at the river tryna get across
And all I see is apparitions of what never was
And everything I used to wish for is dead and lost
And if I never see your ass again, then I'll be better off
Nigga I'll be better off

Karma comes back and it's co-co-comin' (Co-co-comin')
Treatin' me bad and I'm ru-ru-runnin' (Ru-ru-runnin')
Karma comes back and it's co-co-comin' (Co-co-comin')
Treatin' me bad, I'm ru-ru-runnin' (Ru-ru-runnin')

And congratulations, nigga, you won
And all the love you never gave me, I can give to my son
Eternal love to my child, we'll forever be one
Thanks to you, I know the man that I would never become
Never become10Embed
Okay, I grew up with the regular thugs, I thought I'd tell you that
I thought, I thought you noticed that
Hanging with the hustlers, gettin' love from all the older cats
Listening to B.I.G., taking notes whenever Hov would rap
Looking up to Pun trynna learn to rhyme
Fantasized about Kim when I was only nine
I still remember when Nas told me the world is mine
But it was dark and hella tight around that fuckin' time
I never really had no money, all the pressure was free
Nowadays I'm out for presidents to represent me
Nowadays I'm out for dead fuckin' presidents to represent me
You only think that you the shit because you never met me
Shit, I've been vibin' out since I was two
Back when Puff and Mase was wearing them shiny suits
Back when Wu-Tang was killing shit and I salute
Swear I shed a tear to Ghostface's "All that I got is you"
Yeah I'm influenced by the leaders of the East Coast, music to the death of me
Big L, Guru, Big Noyd rest in peace Jam Masta Jay too dammit
Lost a lot of great ones but they never'll vanish
I remember speaking Spanish, mami 
Let me hit you with the 
I remember bumping Fugees back when Lauryn Hill was there
Back when she would sing the sweetest shit a man can ever hear
Cyrus put me on the Onyx back when I was twelve
'Til I stole the tape and started jamming by myself
Shit Noreaga made me feel like I could be myself
Then got convicted saying some shit that everybody felt
And that's just real
You might also like
Sometimes I wanna cry and pry
Somtimes, sometimes I wanna chillay
Sometimes, sometimes I get drunk all God damn day
Sometimes I wanna go back around the way
Sometimes I wanna ride and smoke
Sometimes, sometimes I got money and I still feel broke

I guess my middle name must be He-Ain't-Shit
Every time I'm in the club bitches be like: "He ain't shit!"
All of my niggas know we ain't shit
It's some niggas trynna make it out this pre-game shit, word
I break bread, red, hundred dollar bills
Had to go independent I was running out of deals
Low commission, I was free as can be
Now a nigga back in business like I'm EPMD
Wishing I could be Talib like a motherfucker
Living just to get by is not enough for us
Couple kids and the government be blessed of us
I guess this is it, knock your niggas' blockbusters
, fuck what you talkin' 'bout
I used to bust some Cool J's, momma said: "I'll knock you out!"
A boombox, two pays to clean your Cogney mouth
With the ill nine or two ways to meet Foxy Brown
Yeah I'm influenced by the leaders of the East Coast, music to the death of me
ODB, MCA, Freaky Tah, rest in peace Jam Masta Jay too dammit
Lost a lot of great ones but they never'll vanish
I remember bumping Lost Boyz, I ain't even care
Let me hit you with the Black Rob shit until you scared
I remember bumping Black Moon and Buckshot, I was there
Back when he would say the hardest shit a man could ever hear
Daddy put me on the gangsters when I was twelve
'Til I stole the tape and started jamming by myself
Noreaga made me feel like I could be myself
Like I can vent and say some shit that everbody felt
And that's just real
Sometimes I wanna cry and pry
Somtimes, sometimes I wanna chillay
Sometimes, sometimes I get drunk all God damn day
Sometimes I wanna go back around the way
Sometimes I wanna ride and smoke
Sometimes, sometimes I got money and I still feel broke

Ayo shout out to all the different regions that helped to build this hip hop shit and make it great
West, South
But on this one I wanted to talk about where I'm from and some of the shit that inspired me coming up
See, young niggas from the East Coast don't really pay homage no more, and I know there were those that paved the way for me
Out here, and I wanted to acknowledge y'all, word
Joyner!Embed
Let it run, yeah, Joyner...

'Cause every single night
I stare at the ceiling
If I can take the pain
Then I could take a bullet
If I just pulled the trigger
Then that would take the feeling
I wonder if it hurts
I wonder if I'll feel it
'Cause every single night
I stare at the ceiling
If I can take the pain
Then I could take a bullet
If I just pulled the trigger
Then that would take the feeling
I wonder if it hurts
I wonder if ...

Life's passing me by, people just staring at me
Letting down a window, smoking my new kush
And all I ever wanted was to make my parents happy
The good American dream, life is too short
And fairy tales don't exist, you don't get shit from Santa
Pockets emppty to press, sleeping in different trailers
I'm dreaming condos in Vegas, maybe on in Atlanta
Pro'lly cop me a mansion out on a different planet
Blindfolded and bounded I guess I couldn't see
Watching niggas who made thinking: "That could be me"
Maybe I could be famous, maybe I could be free
Maybe I should just take the pain that you took from me
Remember, family first, though we were unstable
Who would've known that my could be my fucking angel?
I wouldn't made it this far if it wasn't for your halo
I promise soon as I make it we all gon' be fuego
You might also like
And every single night
I stare at the ceiling
If I can take the pain
Then I could take a bullet
If I just pulled the trigger
Then that would take the feeling
I wonder if it hurts
I wonder if I'll feel it
'Cause every single night
I stare at the ceiling
If I can take the pain
Then I could take a bullet
If I just pulled the trigger
Then that would take the feeling
I wonder if it hurts
I wonder if I'll feel it
'Cause every single night
I stare at the ceiling
If I can take the pain
Then I could take a bullet
If I just pulled the trigger
Then that would take the feeling
I wonder if it hurts
I wonder if I'll feel it
'Cause every single night
I stare at the ceiling
If I can take the pain
Then I could take a bullet
If I just pulled the trigger
Then that would take the feeling
I wonder if it hurts
I wonder if...
Just a youngin with 
No direction I found myself in the face of fear
If I close my eyes maybe I disappear
My subconscious was spinning feelings but interfering
I told God: "If you take this pain then I'll stop sinning"
I got some brothers, we conversated for 5 minutes
We barely know each other, I think it's the time difference
Sometimes I blame myself when I spend no time with 'em
Never been a gangster, I'm cut from a different cloth
Don't think I'm weak 'cus you'll get to see if you piss me off
Turn off the TV and brain-repeating and you niggas lost
Your whole generation is built on some shit you saw
Haven't spoken a while, but ain't no feelings lost
And to date, you're my father, we've been through shit before
Because it wasn't so easy cutting a nigga off
I'm tired of facing these bridges we never get across

But every single night
I stare at the ceiling
If I can take the pain
Then I could take a bullet
If I just pulled the trigger
Then that would take the feeling
I wonder if it hurts
I wonder if I'll feel it
'Cause every single night
I stare at the ceiling
If I can take the pain
Then I could take a bullet
If I just pulled the trigger
Then that would take the feeling
I wonder if it hurts
I wonder if I'll feel it
But every single night
I stare at the ceiling
If I can take the pain
Then I could take a bullet
If I just pulled the trigger
Then that would take the feeling
I wonder if it hurts
I wonder if I'll feel it
'Cause every single night
I stare at the ceiling
If I can take the pain
Then I could take a bullet
If I just pulled the trigger
Then that would take the feeling
I wonder if it hurts
I wonder if I'll feel itEmbed
Man I wish these hoes could see me now, things changed
I remember when I used to beg for change

I done came a long way from the block where these birds got their hands out
Remember lil me? Guess what, motherfucker? I'm the man now
She used to hang up on a nigga when I called, that was year 'round
Now the same bitch wanna give me good brains with her hair down
And that's funny, and my ex wanna call me, saying that she wanna have me
Talking 'bout "When we getting married?"
Bitch you need to find another pappy, and haters don't look too happy
Swear it's my fault, you done turned me to a monster
Fly ass truck, I'm a Tonka, and I ain't really into the drama
I'd rather get paid, period, no comma
Mind your damn business, homie what you saying?
I done came up, fuck is you talking 'bout? I'm just working
Fuck is you thinking? I got some hurt for the niggas
I got some pork for the bacon, if it ain't bones that I'm breaking
And I was born on probation, they pulled me over to take me
Inside the border, they drained me and cut me open and gave me
Some fuckin' potion I'm craving, dammit, look what you made me
I'm just going

Look what I became from where they found me
I think you should take a look around me
I hear people saying things about me
I think you should take a look around me (x3)
I hear people saying things about me
But I think you should take a look around me
You might also like
Man I wish these hoes could see me now, things changed
I remember when I used to beg for change, that was way back
Now I sit and wait while these niggas plotting payback
Success is on the way

Uhh, I done came a long way from the stoop where the fiends got their hands out
Remember lil old me? Guess what, motherfucker? I'm the man now
He used to run his mouth 'bout me all around the hood, it was man down
And now the same nigga want a fucking autograph, he a fan now
And that's funny, now my ex girl calling saying that she tryna see us
Talking 'bout "Where we gonna meet up?"
Bitch you need to find another re-up, and haters wanna see me get beat up
Yeah it's my fault, it done turned me to a psycho
Ass so fat she need lipo, and I ain't really into the titles
Rather get insurance on the pussy, no Geico
Mind your own business, homie what you saying?
I done came up, fuck is you talking 'bout? I'm just working
Fuck is you wishing, I got some dirt for the pigeons
I got some work for the business so write my words on the ceiling
I hope I'm hurting your feelings, they pulled me over, I went in
Inside the border to check in, they cut me open and gave me
Some fuckin' potion or medicine, dammit look what you made me
I'm just going
Look what I became from where they found me
I think you should take a look around me
I hear people saying things about me
I think you should take a look around me (x3)
I hear people saying things about me
But I think you should take a look around me

I used to get mad when the hoes ain't flock
I used to get bullied by the whole damn block
Running from the boys, hope I don't get caught
Niggas had guns, hope I don't get shot
Lord, oh Lord can you answer my prayer?
Beautiful dreams and these weird nightmares
Standin in blood with a pair of Nike Airs
I'm just tryna get a buzz, I'm the real light year
Ho point me to the door, I'm catching my breath
Blood on my blood, and flesh on my flesh
My heart might stop but I'll stretch you out, yes
Machiavelli and Pac, resurrecting my death
And I'm back as a hologram, Jesus must be inside of him
What you riding in? Wanna talk about ice and Beamers?
Get your shit broke like Ike and Tina
I was born on the seventeenth day
Along came Joyner, in Heaven we pray
Born by the pussy I'll die by the pussy
That just means that I could never be gay
Take a look around me, me, you floss too much
And talk about how you just a boss too much
I swear I love winning cause I lost too much
I wanted Drake on the hook but he cost too much
Fuck I look like lying then? I'm a pyro's pirate
Set the hood on fire, hit the hydrants
Guess I'm just a product of my environment
And that's word, flashbacks to my teacher in class
Telling me she hope that I don't finish high school
All I know is I came a long way
And I'll be God damned if I ever stop soon
Look what I became from where they found me
I think you should take a look around me
I hear people saying things about me
I think you should take a look around me (x3)
I hear people saying things about me
But I think you should take a look around 