
Yo, Subroc, yo put that right there for me. Yo! Yo! Yo dude I know you did it, open the door for me, get the door...

Ah, what up what up what up what up. Ayo Busta, I want y'all to meet my man, the man of Mr. Piocalles, man. His name is Mr. Hood. Yo, Busta, Mr. Hood, Subroc (What is his name?)


Yo, yo let's get outta here, man, yo (I am interested in seeing the barbershop)

Yo, before you leave, see this man right here. Let Subroc do you some justice, let him catch a dome, please, please! (Later) Later? What?! Now!You might also likeEmbed
(Uunh, put a little more bass in the bassline)

Gimme a girl — if not, I'll still pull it
Gimme a TEC 9 millimeter, full 'em bullets
Gimme like eight quarters for every buck
Gimme three feet, I swing too fast and duck, you suck!
I give ya gutter balls if you plan strikes
'Cause I'm the pin hitter, skinner of my likes
You get it all back in a big bunch of PSYCHES
First, gimme props and double check 'em like Nike's
I be a old man if ya judge by my thoughts
Gimme none of those, I take no shorts
Um, if in case ya stop flippin'
Gimme, now take it back and let ya Waltz, uh, Whitman
Gimme guidelines, gimme my toast
You pronounce tomatoes, I pronounce tomahtoes
Yo, black, that's my cheese! Don't touch! It's nachos
I'm a dog every day, I taste el gatos (That's riiiiiight!)
Gimme good eats and don't think to pork it
I gots a plank and I'll make your mother walk it
Don't talk shit, New York I stalk it
Gimme a reason to shut your mouth, my fist'll caulk it!
What ya got?!
You might also like
(Give it here!)
The whole shebang!
(Give it here!)
The whole shebang!
(Give it here!)
The whole shebang!
(Give it here!)

Well, welcome me back like my man Kotter
If not, I'll leave ya flat broke with nada
'Cause I gotta keep my style flexin' like aerobic
Gimme elbow room, I'm crazily claustrophobic
Gimme a doo-rag for my hair
I'll give ya a ten foot pole — touch it, it's up your rear
I hear ya secrets, gimme so I can tell a tattle-teller
Now, shut your mouth while I speak it a capella
I'm the yellow maraca medium brown tone
I do what I feel 'cause, child, I'm grown
Gimme no cologne, I rock oils
Gimme a lot of looten, I still won't straighten my nappy coils
You won't gimme a lot of loot? (What!?) I'll give ya a lot of lumps
My fist'll graze ya and give ya razor bumps
Never did like chumps
The grumpy man comes with a grudge
I don't budge like tree trunks
I been a bad ass since I's a child
Throws me in jail, I gots the nail file
Gimme roti for my curry
Playa, trade it to me, yes, you should worry, a lot
What ya got?!
(Give it here!)
The whole shebang!
(Give it here!)
The whole shebang!
(Give it here!)
The whole shebang!
(Give it here!)
The whole shebang!

I'm like the IRS, ready to tax someone
So when you see me comin', come and dread
Hold up a big tight fist for power to blacks
Gimme a choo-choo train for my bad ass tracks
Gimme a kite or it might be a head I fly
Gimme a old record and kiss that shit goodbye
Double or not, I want it back, chance it, black
If it nice, roll the dice...
Ya got a six, five and a four
But the rat-a-tatta in my pocket says I don't think so!
Give it up! (Give it here!) Whatcha got?
Reach to grab and get elbowed or speed knot
Gimme a frame, I'll put it around you
So 5-0's and all my folks can hound you
Disrespect — my boys will surround you
Smack you up, black you up, pound you
Down the drain like day is plain
Ya can't stand me if ya can't stand the rain
Hail, earthquakes or thunder
So if I knock ya off, don't wonder
No wonder what ya got
(Give it here!)
The whole shebang!
(Give it here!)
The whole shebang!
(Give it here!)
The whole shebang!
(Give it here!)
The whole shebang!

Yo, if you don't know the time by now... Yo, check the clock!
Yeah, yeah, check the clock! Yeah, yeah
Now get on your knees, next to my balls and BOX!1Embed
Boring... same ol' Sunday type shit
Man, kinda boring
Hey you, kid! (Who me?) Yeah you
Ahh what are you listenin to in that there Walkman huh?
(The new "Gas Face" rewrote'd by K.M.D
It's kind of funky with a lot of bass)
Yeah but I bet you wonder where they got the bass from huh?
(I don't really care)
Don't care? Well let me you this story
Go on now, let him tell you this story

Friday, I believe it was a payday
Onyx, Subroc and myself goes out of subway
To catch the X train, the drums roll Brooklyn
Plan was a night of intense hookin
We enter the club, where we hooked 'til we drop
When stopped, to exit, I spoke of this prop
Talked about her bouncing guns
The word buns was on the tip of my fun swing {"All at once!"}
Approached this big fat seven foot..
{"I'll teach you to talk to my girl!"} Said the hood
Sub and I geesed, Onyx sped up the block
And it was fast, I looked back and Fats was headlockin him
I was clockin, about two blocks per minute
And then I thought, that voice there's somethin definitely familiar in it
Not long did I cram
From the lows, I knows it was the 808 Man
You might also like
"Thump... thump... THUMP!
They heard the.." {Eight-oh-eight} {MAN!}

Clockin crazy mileage like a 60-deck of math
Ducked into an alley like on Kickdrum Ave
Stopped and told Sub, but Sub was stumped
I said do you recall the bass that thumped
In the Jeeps of the streets, as the pedestrian bops?
Heard with vocals where any hip-hop beat drops
Y'know the bass fool! {"And everything happened as it did before"}
But Sub wasn't passin it
To escape harassment, I booked like a crook
Out of sight, all my mics was took
Conscience eatin me, my boy's hooked in Hook
Off the 808 Man, so I peeps to look
No immediate danger did I see myself in
Watchin 'round the block thinkin "Ehh, who's missin him?"
Onyx was headlocked and Subroc was half nelson'd
Think I was wrappin up? Man, listen

(Man you guys must have been really scared!)
 Was I? You think I wasn't?!
 Man I was petri-scared stiff!
(What were you thinkin about?)
I was thinkin about my cousin Enus, if he asked me once
He asked me a dozen times to go bowlin with him
But still I wasn't runnin from the Bass, Man as he walked up
Then from the back of my thoughts I forked up
The teachings of Mr. Hood
And I began to recall when suddenly it dawned on me
Lesson one - if a sucker tries to come, let him come
By then the hood was up on me
Lesson two was to recite the words you can't do me none
Even though you might be bluffin, it's nothin
Follow procedure and sure 'nough, no doubt
Left that seven foot fat hood whupped out
Lesson three said a keeper of a hood is his brotherhood
As we helped him up he said "Damn!
You sure pack a punch, I had a hunch you was a hood
Well if you ever need bass, hook up with the 808 Man"

Say word
Man tried to get me to throw hands, I had to go HU HUH!
Yeah check it out yo, yo that's a tight headlock true indeed
Yeah, the half nelson got me in a neck brace
Yeah, but kid you know where they got the bass from now?
(Yeah yeah, sure do!)
Yeah yeah word
But I'll tell you what
I'll give you this exclusive K.M.D. album tape, unreleased!
(Sweet, thanks!)
(I'll let my boy Lil' Rock hear it, I'll let Bill hear it)
(And my mom and dad will hear it)
Yo yo, don't let nobody dub it, don't let nobody dub it
Don't let somebody dub it, you'll get funked
Now scram, or 808 Man'll do ya
Now get up out of here, you thumpty-hump dump head
(What?) Yeah yeah, just scram, scram
Get out of here (808) {Man}
... (808) {Man}Embed
Mmm mmm, mmm mmm mmm
Yeah this here's blues joint
A lot of brothers don't like this joint
Cause it might not be funk or funky (teach anyway, teach)
It's more tribal
And speaking to my only two real tribes out there now
With the help of the Kause, yo Kause y'all with me? (yeah yeah)
Hmm? Aight, so we feel to build open, the bananapeel blues
Check it
The original man is the black man true? (true true true)
Presented to the youth, is more than nuff proof
But when one mixes truth with a goof
Caused this contradiction and confusion so I raise the roof (raise it)
Tongue to truth, it may sound like a good hand to feed from
But follow this lead, we need to find what's true indeed
Some get caught up in the thought of intellect
And say he helped us, when it's his lumpless butt that got us in this mess
What a monkey (teach, gwan teach)
I said a lot of brothers might not get this cause it ain't funky
Sure enough we ain't gonna be played by no monkey
See because the monkey fits the shoes
In these bananapeel blues (ain't that somethin, ain't that somethin)
Y'all with me? (yeah yeah)
You might also likeTwas once said to remember that the soul is see-through
How true we'll soon see as I check to what's written
(check the script and read)
Let's see uhh Genesis chapter two verse seven
"Man became a living soul" so where's my man getting this
Actual force, probably that same old can
Or barrel of monkeys who call me and you a soul man
And call my food a soul food
Yeah I'm sposed to have soul, yet I'm uncivil and cruel
And I come from apes, yet this monkey rapes
And I'm a babboon, then soon to be coon
And when I know this, I'm labelled a lunatic
Racist rebel crazy Muslim
Now face this monkey
Truth is truly what pays me
And can a Muslim be fooled (not nowadays bro!)
And can a quote unquote monkey be reformed (now cipher!)
Yeah, and while me and you is warmed by the sun
Most of all life or in existence, uhh I take this instance to ask
If the monkey man was so pure why can't he endure (uh-huh)
The sun which is the natural source for all living (uh-huh)
Without giving up his life to cancer
And three-fifths or less is the dancer
Wrong answer
Yeah wrong answer says the Kause
And while his still skin rumples and wrinkles
Zee L exposes a monkey's uncle (what's up with a monkey's uncle)
(speak the truth)
(it's smooth, it's smooth, I like this beat)
(To the Gods out there, peace to the Gods)
"(but tell me) how much more evidence do the citizens need?" -- 16XEmbed
(...Yeah) I started off with a question
Can you perceive
Right before your ears move trickin
My voice box make the choice to believe
Yeah I see youre rootin
For the words that I'm tootin
Im just a pusher of this thing called money
But whatcha smokin whats that ya gettin in
Stop to buildin and growin
To jump the hurdle that the wolf said suck
Hes a wolf!..And you a sheep
Hes a wolf!..And you a sheep

I greet you peace but why call me money guy
Do I resemble he who never told a white one
Or him who freed us so where stands I
Raise another question which ones the right one
Some wish to live the single sing'em
They know the half I know them from sixty
If we all live the single how can we all sing
Im creative but you can't remix me
Hes a wolf!..And you a sheep
Hes a wolf!..And you a sheep
You might also like
They are nasty they will bite
And if cornered they will fight
Never ever go near..a wolf?

Concerning the N-word why's when I say it it gets no play
Officially it means stupid or ignorant
Stay stupid or ignorant in place anyway
Any how whats reinforced I can't out figure it
I figure blue and donna grasp a stick shot is simple
Now heres the plan strictly between you and me
Through communication comes the unination
And no wolf can down a brick house unity
So feel free to dance but this is not all I heel the think
Beware sheep of wolf in sheeps sun burn
We bit his brand and we wear his clothing
Then he mocks us in return
Wolfman, whats up with this vibe you sendin me?
What are you anyway my friend or my foe?
The way this is going you might just be the end of me
And I still dwell here even though (He's a wolf!)
And you a sheep
Hes a wolf!..And you a sheep
K-n-o-w
War would trouble ya to Hell
However take you express no shovel
This is the land of the frightened
The place of the slave and occassional unheard muffle
Its up to you to decide by the fruit that his tree provides
If not I'll embark by myself on the archany
Marches the boy who cried (He's a wolf!)
And you a sheep
Hes a wolf!..And you a sheep

Now listen past your ear
Just remember this my dear
Never ever go near.. a wolf?
Hes a wolf! And you a sheep
Hes a wolf! And you a sheep
Hes a wolf! And you a sheep
Hes a wolf! And you a sheep
And you a sheep
And you a sheepEmbed
Wham! (Bam!) bound to slam
Comes the birthstone kid with his own jam
So, whatcha tellin' me? You thought I couldn't rip it solo?
But yo, for your info, if every wind blow
I rip a show, the crowd says ho, gotta go, gotta go
The Birthstone Kid can get busy, oh, when I flow, bro
So, check the style, God, don't even front on me
I gots the skills, your boy? He gots none on me
I gets my props, so, yo, Hops, I don't share it
And if a beeper doesn't work, then G, then why wear it?
Not about frontin', I never have, I never will be
If you swing, swing hard, God, you better kill me
I'm blowin' up like a SCUD missile hittin' land
So, take a stand, and wave your hand, 'cause I'm your Boogie Man!

You ain't tryin to hear the WHAT, maaan? I beg your pardon
This ain't the place to bass, you'll find your face up on a milk carton
Check it the message while I rip it somethin' love love
To shreds, I turn jheri curls to knotty dreads
Here's the style that I say I sorta brought along
Straight from the Island called Long, but we call it Strong
God Body, by God and George, I think I've got it
Funky as the Doo Doo Man, outside MC's were noddin'
Don't even bite my style, relax, be different
Pick up your pen but forget bombin', that option's senseless
I'm despicable but not lickable, you can't lick this
Try it Hops, you'll catch mops with the quickness
I got a sickness, called one-two-and-mic-check
And rippin' wreck and gettin' notice and all that
My style is that fat, I want you to know it and
Stay tuned you coon as I wreck it for the Boogie Man
You might also like
Now, check it, don't miss this, listen while I diss this
Sarcastic bastard, of which I've been mastered
You know the man, mankind let me say
Kind of like man the woman can't tolerate, he's low rate, anyway
He called you and I the Boogie Man (what?)
Webster's Dictionary, black man, look it up
But that's an emphatical (Now Cipher)
Okay, now that's that (Yo, Onyx, why don't you get hyper?)
Hyper shall I get just to make your wish granted, see
I rocks my tippity tippity, flex upon the planet, G
I'm is a God-zilla, because I fill a sucker with fear
Who gets a kick off drinkin' Miller Beer
I keep struttin', 'cause scrubs are sayin' nuttin'
The record Sub is cuttin', the Boogie Man is movin' his butt
And so it stay grit, no need to be offended
You can have your soul back because the Boogie Man is ended
Yeah, there it is, youknowwhatimsayin?
Devon he was tryin to call me the Boogie Man
Cause I can move like this, and like that
(And you can bop like this, and check it like that)
But yo God, I'll be the Boogie Man
Long as it's Boogie referrin to gettin down, knahmsayin?
(Word, got the soul)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (that's right, that's right)
Yeah, yeah, yeah
The Boogie the Boogie the Boogie Boogie Man
(Yeah, that's right) The Boogie Boogie Man
Yeah, yeah (do that stuff) yeah, yeah (do this God)
Yeah, yeah (do this God) yeah, yeah (bop like this, bop like that)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
And you don't stop (and you don't stop)
And you don't stop now (and you don't quit now)
Yeah, yeah, yeah (yo check it out yo)
Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh (check it out yo)
Uhh, uhh, uhh (that's how we do it, yeah)
1Embed
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I'mma set it off, I'mma set it off soft
And smooth, and smooth, yo, yo, this shit is groovy
And it's like, I think it's about to move me, yeah, huh, yo
That's the 16th two more bars be quiet on these two more y'all

I start it off with an answer, love smokes no cancer stick
But on a dancers dick, there's a romancer of a rhyme text
Time check timex, timeout, I'm X, for silence it's sonics
? one what one did lesser one hundred
Since duckets is under it, the cause stays funded
Time says disperse is necessary to trigger release
More verses and speeches from X this figure of speech
(You are nuthin but a) figure of speech

Yeah..
Verse two is picked up freeze stay frozen
Reaches a stick up, while exhale blows in
Peoples get sick up said as vapor goes in
Suggested is hiccough, while I hold a rows in my fronts
Once in go, see Sub for info
Fee is the lingo, sixteen gets in though
Dance til toenails ingrown
Skeezin props, I send note for jimbo is bricko
Every wind blown
Sounds are boomin, emcees shouts "Doom is
In the house!" after one, two'in
ZL needs a nuprin
Driftin like driftwood I ask if could
Stay away from stiff hood
So does R.I.F. Productions write up songs quite clever
But light up a torch pipe R.I.F. will never
I'm no snuff head I prefer headsets
Decided nuff said for head sweats
X, this figure of speech
You might also like(You are nuthin but a) figure of speech
(You are) figure of speech
(You are X)
(You are nuthin)

Remain in a frenzy
Stay craze as I pause in ya Benzy
Then reach in haste to taste
A sip of this throttle in a bottle
Then shake ya hip but don't slip into follow
The motto goes: sex, drugs and rock 'n' roll
I prefer: love, hugs and hip hop soul
And that's final, down to the sto'
Cause is on vinyl
So be sure to dub these sounds of a b-boy
But X ain't no also ain't no decoy
For KMD paints no
Pigeoned as I talk drink free from a ?
Image of a walking stick from a Mack Dad
Wouldn't you rather dwell among those liable
To rock well with tongues and stay tribal?
Well in 80 dekka I'm extra hard to reach
But I'll be expectin ya, says X, this figure of speech
(You are nuthin but a) figure of speech
Have a crooked letter humpback each
Let the panter peach style screech
Then skid through the sounds of earth tones
We've grown
(The Barber Subroc and The Birthstone Kid Onyx)
Place of rest is Doom's room where we loot the tune
And add a sonic kick Boom
A dash of this then up next, last but not least
Is Zev Love X, this figure of speech..haha

(..You are) figure of speech
(You are nuthin but a) figure of speech
(You are X..)
(You are nuthin but a X...)
(...You are X)
(..You are nuthin but a X)
(...You are X)
(..You are nuthin but a X)
(..You are nuthin)Embed
 Let's enter this jewelry shop
 Ah, c'mon Mr. Piocalles man, hook it up. 14K, def bracelet, you can't beat it kid!
 No I cannot do that, this is not a pawn shop, this is Piocalles Jewelry! Ahh, Mr. Hood, my favorite customer! What can I do for you today?
 I would like to see some gold rings
 Ahh yes we have these stupid phat gold rings, perfect for your masculine hands
 Some earrings for my wife
 How about these elephant studded diamond earrings, perfect for the woman of your dreams
 And a watch, for my cousin
 Ahh yes we have a Rolex for just under three-thousand, seven-hundred and ninety-two
 That is a beautiful watch
 No, actually it's two-thousand, three-hundred and thirty-six green
 Many thanks for your help
 Yeah he's always trying to jerk people!
 My name is Mr. Hood. What is your name?
 Hmm... yeah I'm Zev Love X from KMD
 I am pleased to meet you
 Oh yeah likewise uhh, how ya doin' anyway?
 Perfectly well, thank you. And you?
 Oh I'm just chillin', ya see uh, but I got one problem, I come in here to pawn this bracelet. See ’cause this rhymin' for nickels business ain't makin' it. What I need is a job uh... Where you work at? They hiring?
 Follow this avenue (yeah) turn right at the corner (uh-huh), go to the left when you reach the square. (yeah), it is the house next to the theater
 Oh. Huh. Yeah I know the line of work you're in, yeah
 Would you care for a spoon?
 No go, I don't deal with that stuff
 They are not too expensive
 As a matter of fact...
You might also like
This reminds me of the days of dwelling with those
Who killed off the weak for fancy clothes and hoes too
Not opposed to the picket fence dream
But both lie on the same side of the gate
It seems that it's all coming back to me now
Yeah umm uhh I figured it was about two summers ago
No jokin', no one-eyed winkin'
It was uh Crackpot, yeah Crackpot Jenkins
I first met Crackpot in like Head Starts
Since then I knew he wasn't too head smart
As I scribbled in art he insisted on standing in the sandbox
To collect unknown amounts of pebbles and stones to throw rocks
"It's in the wrists", he said when telling me in early physics lessons
Two atoms can't occupy the same space at the same time
Acknowledged by the playground's bully Wesson
Who felt Pot's rock then cracked Pot's face
Considering his aim, I warned he could hurt others with his game
Miss Creissman warned the same
Although, he didn't care, did he, ’cause in a decade and one year
He continued to throw rocks for a career
Paid and more paid as he pelt rocks felt by
Every brother in brown with whom he dealt
One more rock thrown, ah shoot
Under the ground was a boy in a blue suit
Still a lot of rock throwing going on up the block
But a pocket full of pebbles what locked up Crackpot
Should've used his wrists for the cut like Subroc
Maybe then he'd have avoided the common phony jackpot
Yeah, phony jackpot
 Yo man, we got much better things to do with your time
 Show me something better
 What, something better? We built this place man. We're the Gods of the Universe, Kings and Queens of the planet
(If you or I could see this individual, we might call him an impractical dreamer, or a crackpot.)
 No, I'm not Crackpot
(Would you have seen the scientific, intellectual, creative genius, in a small ragged negro boy?)
 Uh-oh, uh-oh, oh no. You done set it off!3Embed
"He was a nigga yesterday, he's a nigga today, and he's gonna be a nigga tomorrow!"

What a niggy know
Yo a niggy know the game
What a niggy name, black?
X like the flick slick
What a nigga clique be?
The Kause, CM crew
What a niggy do?

Let the monkey out the zoo
It's on my back now repeat I'm the X
A biggy, not a bigot, pass that 40 man I'm tempted to swig
Save shit for after the gig, ya dig? (I dig it)
Buds like figs pick out sticks and twigs
Like Sub pick out wigs, I jigs like a shank (Uh)
Zev Love X, I be sex like swank
So crank up the cuts and get some ups on the Ziggy-ziggy
I gots ta, gots ta rock the mic and grab my niggy-niggy (Nuts!)
One two, sound off chumsy
Finna flip the script like roundoff summy
Yummy to the tooth, bitter to the tummy
Help keeps that monkey shit constipated for me
Jimmy, jimmy rummy, now where my money at fat?
Livin' like that Ziggy from the funnies cat, yeah
We both be in the papers
Me from pullin' capers with the gatt it's like that
You might also like
What a niggy know?
Your ho, she know why
What a niggy go by?
Dead roach, no joke
What a niggy smoke kid?
Nothin but the raw spots
What a niggy got?

Bis-a-busy is a what I get props yo I gets more
Stick 'em up a niggy boxed cause I gets raw
Lots of many many plenty of leeway
Subroc A.K.A Kingilizwe
Cock-a-doodle-do with the head up y'all
Like a quadruple fat goose I, swell up child
See ya diaper that leaks is soggy
I'll bungee jump kick ya butt like Miyagi
No curls, no braids but steel wool
With my ill style mad Gs I pull
I lay lower than a limbo stick
Follow me quick, or leave alone a jimbo stick
Can ya dig it? I roll rugged
Clock me dumb and my nigga will fly that nugget
To the drum y'all
Stung I caught y'all
I shadowbox that ass and teleport y'all
A yesh yesh y'alls
Like this y'all, like that y'all, to the beat y'all!
Like that y'all, to the beat y'all, yes yes y'all
Like that y'all, yes yes y'all, like this y'all
Like that y'all, like this y'all, like that y'all
To the beat y'all, like that y'all, to the beat y'all

Check it!
I'm the one hun if ya checkin' for the rhyme
Some for any party turn my hat back then mic check two
Ninety three for the time, c'mon everybody let's rock that
That, that, UUNGH, niggas shoulda known it
If I chase the cat I'mma bone it doggone it
And good riddance
I keep my funky mittens off them kittens and I don't quit
But if I catch the AIDS I'll be quittin' the bullshittin'
Written by the pen of the X, ak
The chicken crossed the street cause he seen me with a mask
Knockin' over trash cans and mailboxes on my block (KA-BLAOW!)
Sounded like a roc roc y'all

Like that y'all, to the beat y'all, yes yes y'all
Like that y'all, like that y'all, to the beat y'all
Yes yes y'all, like this y'all, yes yes y'all
Like that y'all, like that y'all, to the beat y'all
Like that y'all, like this y'all, like that y'all
To the beat y'all, like that y'all, like this y'all
Like that y'all, like this y'all, like that y'all
Like this y'all, like that y'all, to the beat!
...Ya black bastard!3Embed
Peace!  This is the one Subroc
Chillin here, with my partners
And they're about to do, the Gas Face, rebuttal
Yeah, quite subtle
His name is Zev Love X
He's gonna kick it next

And I'ma kick it like this (uh-huh)
A Gas Face, can either be a smile or a smirk
When appears, a monkey wrench to quirk one's clockwork
A jerk threw a wrench, I thought it missed
Made me so pissed, I felt a ball in my fist
To drive to place a blister on that certain mister
That's one more on my list of scrubs lined up to kiss
The very X on my Swatch watch ticker
Every second on the second, I kick a rhyme to wreck it
Every minute, catchin' the bag, I'm finna skin it
One of the more than one ways it pays to stay in it to win it
Mic is riffin', think I'm gonna pay my bill still?
On your grill, you gets a Gasface Refill
Ill, I hit and bend, what's up to style
The owner of the hand, I never ran a mile
In your shoes, sang blues with the so-called jewels
You claim no lose if you choose to snooze
You're just another Gasface Victim
You might also like
Yeah, who's next?  My man
Yo he's gonna kick it
His name is Onyx

And I'ma bust it like this
Well, if the face fits, take it, eventually you have to make it
If someone states that word is bond and then break it
See, my word is bond that I shall never dye my hair blonde
'Cause of my culture am I fond
It's not the goal to give the Gas Face
The goal is to uplift the whole soul race
But if you step to this brother, thinkin' punk is to peace
It's a sad one (UH-UHHH, YOU CATCH A BAD ONE!)
Check yourself, keep a gas mask handy
Then shall you dig, you'll find it dandy
To never leave home without it 'cause there's not a doubt about it
That you'll end up short in this sport, so resort
To a wise way of thinkin', never sleep, not even blinkin'
Never start sinkin' in the old man's quicksand
And if you fight, for others in the cause
Then the gas face is truly yours

Yeah, signed and sealed
Onyx, the birthstone kid
Yeah, I like that, one more time
I'll tell you what - one more time, like this
Set up correct with the effect
The second of two episodes I recollect
'Twas not to dismiss a myth, with the stamp of approval
And the super common blue eyes respect, what the heck?
In the steps of the King Solomon who used a jin
To clear his whole temple from within
Does make my head spin, when one dares to question
How one learns a lesson, you guess it turns...

A smile to a frown, from a smirk to a chuckle
Knowledge of self, a gas mask with a buckle
Here rides the clan, this land with gas chamber
Here to threat and bring sweat to the stranger
That old serpent had the gall
Saying that he knew how I felt, yet and still, he's living tall
Yeah that's a laugh but surely we'll trick him
Flip the coin, make him a Gas Face victim!

Yeah, once again
That's how we kicks it, for 80-deca
Yeah, guess the B-Side wins it, y'knahmsayin?
Yeah but who gets the Gas Face this time?
No Gas Face for SD-50
No Gas Face for Plugs One, Two and Three
No Gas Face for Michael and Peter
No Gas Face for the Brand Nubians
Preacher Porkchop {*"Another Gas Face victim"*}
For all the Uncle Toms {*"Another Gas Face victim"*}
What about the New York cabbies {*"Another Gas Face victim"*}
Yo what about J Quest the weird boy {*"Another Gas Face victim"*}
No Gas Face for the Ansaars on the Ave
No Gas Face for Frukwan the God
Yeahhh no Gas Face to {?} the S.O.I
No Gas Face for my man D-Black
No Gas Face for the engineer Ganz
No Gas Face for the Nubian Nation
Yeah, but uhh, what about that dude {?}
The {?} {*"Another Gas Face victim"*}
{*babbling*}1Embed
[I wish I could go along with you, but I do have a problem. I've got
My (Soul!), but I can't find my (Damn Ho!)]

Poor X, not only do I headsweat from headsets
Full-time Era come at X from knockin' Z's correct
Next step's to count sheep
But too many sheep ain't jumpin' hurdles, they sleep
Yeah, they sleep, I think I'll check a shorter story
Title: Bo's Ho, sound's boring, perfect for these
Sleepless nights, though I feel quite over-aged
Yeah, I know...turn the page

(Ha-ha huh...let's begin!)
Book-marks the first page
And reads once upon an age in a far far land
Lived three farmers, Tom, Sam and Bo of course
From behind Tom's black fence Tom peeps across
Just to witness Sam's crop business
Boomin' like the big guy's, but get this
Sam sold to uncles and cousins, poor Tom crams
He sold his to get a fence like Sam (yeah)
Page 2: Sam view's the sight -
What goes at Bo's over his picket white
Slowly he peeks only to see Bo plantin'
Sweet potatoes with his brand new ho
Bo sees Sam but's not frettin', more sweatin'
Thinkin' about steppin' to the crib, forgettin'
'bout his brand new ho, Old Mickey D would say Sam's tricky
The plot thickens, onto page 3...
You might also like
Top of the mornin', sun's up, skies are blue
Once nothin...then cock-a-doodle-doo
All three knew this tool more than well
Sure beats alarm bells, they induce head swells
Well, clock says Sam's off to tend to his crop
Time says Farmer Tom's off to mop
Bo's up and at 'em, then twitches one eye
For something here is not quite cipher
"E-I-E-I-O!" screamed Bo
"Left on my lawn, now it's gone, where's my ho?
O woe is me, how will I ever plant seeds
Lay the fertilizer, dig up the weeds?
Plus make true my foremost desire
To get a picket fence and trash the chicken wire?"
By, uh, 100% life gets hard
When one ho goes from one's garden

Page 4: Little Bo weeped
Cleared tears from eyes then Little Bo peeped
Through a hole in Sam's six foot fence
Where Sam was seen plantin' tall and short pea plants
Hence the moral of the fable:
Always keep a boring book on your night table
A Tom is not able
But when you grow up to be a farmer keep an eye on your yard
Cuz with no ho it's hardEmbed

Oh, Pete Nice? I'm smoother than him, man, I mean
He wears suits and all, you know no disrespect... *incomprehensible*

Yeah, right, just a thought (* giggling *)

Heavy D, yo, the girls they love me
(* girls crack up *) They love me, I just know it!

Yeah, Positive K? He's dip dip divin'?

Yeah, right

Yeah, LL, yo, he might keep the girls +Jinglin'+
But yo.. I'm the man (* girls crack up *)
I'm the man, as a matter of fact
Yo, see, they laughin' at me, man

I'm the man!
You might also like
Yo, that ain't right
Yo, well, anyway

By the hairs of my chinny-chin-chin, gots many plus plenty
String by string, I think I counts like twenty
If you loan me your ear, I'll return it with interest
If not, I'll simply twist your wrist
So listen up closely, with thoughts to recoup me
'Cause I hope to gross like ten cent per groupie
Now, only if I had two G's per strand
Ask my anchor banker, he understands
I used to wrap my hand around a cold, gold can
Someone once said health is wealth, so check self
I gots a perfect check-up, 'cept for a hiccup, roll with no stick-up
How can I keep the goya nectars on my shelf?
Oh boya, how I searched for an employer
But before Z. L. Huckleberry Finn was in Tom Sawyer
Now, use your imagination, just a smidgeon
If I was a bird, I'd be a pigeon
Succumb one to crumbs and pizza crust, when every fella can
Eat fresh fish and live fat like pelican
Then again, that's only if you're capable for freckles or blue eyes
I settle for Heckle'n'Jeckle
While I chuckle at my man with the cellular phone
The only phone I own's a funky xylophone's tone
Ain't no joy in annoyin' high-pitched ringin'
We do the tap-twist and twitch bringin'
Through soul and this cordless thingamajig
Sure as Subroc's clippers etch and clip to your wig
We'll do the gig so make your mind, thumb twiddlers
The pipe, the bowl or us fiddlers, don't riddle us
I'll even ride a bus till the coast is clear
For okay pay, I say I'm finna 
Now, all this runnin' 'round's kickin' me right in the rear
And still I'm judged by the hairs on my chinny-chin-chin
And I'm able to hit a skin (* girls giggling *)
Just like my man Puba Maxwell, so I'm smooth
Yeah, Kane, he get the job done
But yo, I take care of business

{Peachfuzz} Now, what's up with this peachfuzz nonsense?
{Peachfuzz} What are y'all talkin' about, this peachfuzz?
{Peachfuzz} Nah, I just got one thing to say
{Peachfuzz} Aww, man..

By the hairs of my chinny-chin-chin, six black hairs
String by string, I think I counts five pairs
That's a little, but still, can I get a thumbs up?
At least for the peachfuzz that sums up
A tidbit, yeah, that's it, but who gives a sugar
Honey iced tea besides me
For if, I ever riff, yet and still, they be stiff, they wantin' bills
So I take time just to kill
I say cute is for a bear, teddy bear like Teddy Ruxpin
Would I be handsome if I pimped in a tux then
Smoked a cigar with some black shinin' shoes then
Picked up some friends in my Benz and start cruisin'?
Huh, that's a dream that I ain't even livin' in
If that makes a man, surely I'll recommend
I'll stay a toy boy eatin' Butterfingers
With Knowledge of Self, and coloring books on my shelf
I wanna grow up, 'cause maybe if I did then
I wouldn't be treated like a Toys'R'Us kid when
They counts ten upon my chin
By the hairs of my peachfuzz, let's say each was an inch
Psych! Because I can't pull or pinch
It's a wrench, and I thought life would be a cinch
But anyway, anyhow, let's talk about someway, somehow
That I can make my peachfuzz grow out
Really? Do I need beard that grows with no pause
Just to be respected and resemble Santa Claus?
Hear this clear, I'm a MAN, I tell ya
No dreams or drugs like the slugs will I ever sell ya
A man I am, in the body of a youth
So don't play me like I'm Born-Universe-Truth-Truth
So when I knock at your hearts, let me in
And judge me not by the hairs of my chinny-chin-chin
Yeah, that's what we call, pimpin' presence yo
Call me tonight, knowhatI'msayin?

(* girls laughing *) You got it

Yeah, I eat no pork
So why can't I be as smooth as my man Dr. York?
(* girls crack up *) I see not!

Yo.. I'm smoother than the bottom of Hammer's shoes
After three hundred spins

No love here
No hair on my chest, but my boy Ak West, I'm just smoother
I'm just smoother

Yeah right

I'm definitely smoother than y'all just saw

It's about time!


Bert, is that you?
Ahh, an empty place, oh I love it
A perfect place to practice the exciting art of humming!
Bert?

Hum along, if you can't sing along, hum along
Hum along, if you can't sing along you hum along
Hum along, if you can't sing along, hum along
Yeah, hum along with Zev Love X

Hmm, hmm! Very interesting this thing
Coming and drumming there's hummingbirds with wings (Yeah)
And feathers of the same, so we flock much
Plus rock, so on and so such, I clutch this mic
To touch like an entire stadium
With my boys to aid me so we'll play if you pay me some
Beats sound fickle, rented Jeep sounds sickenin
To those with no soul, as I roll with my bickerin'
Bugle boy, bugle boy, toot your own horn
Frugal won't endure, as the talents was born
Minus, the John Jacob Jingleheimer Schmidt
His name ain't my name, cause X ain't permittin shit
I's no hypocrite, so yo, zip your lip
Z.L. be rippin, out we'll rip
No no no, shake your hip, or your rump
Forget about what I'm sayin, pump your fist to the drum and
You might also like
Hum along, if you can't sing along, hum along
Hum along, if you can't sing along, hum along
Hum along, if you can't sing along, hum along
Hum with the Birthstone Kid

You could have sworn I was a what? A Penn Station penny-begger?
I gots more songs than your neighborhood bootlegger
Swingin hard like a forty-deuce corner hooker
Cuter than Booker, a real good looker
Yeah, a brown man is gettin down and
To this funky sound and you'll check it out, Subroc's the sound man
I'm just the R&B's beats kickers kickin lingo
Til comes, my payday, if rap was soccer I'd be Pele
Scorin hard I eat no porkchops or lard
So trust in me because you, trust in God
The Lord, bet I proves, just began for this man
Cause the bills stay paid from this mic within' my hand
I'm not your average everyday cotton-pickin' or bailin' hay
Ho' trickin' brother who likes to eat chicken
Anyway, just hum along, as the drummer drums along
This I bring along, not to sing along, but just to

Hum along, if you can't sing along, hum along
Hum along, if you can't sing along, hum along
Ya hum along, if you can't sing along ya hum along
Hum with the one Subroc
Hurry hurry hurry step right up and I'll sing it
So, bring it back and forth, just to swing it
I swing it, a ring to a hum can get smooth
So I choose to rock slow to amuse
To the apex, I strides from L.I. Strong
To the car new age, to rip raw
Need no rehearse, I bust fat styles galore
Self Universal Born Ruler Cypher Cee no more, hear no more
Can no more, huh, I fear less or I guess
I toss or throw it up and when it drop I'm forced to blow it up
Give a little, take a little, grunt, or fake a little
Pause you wanna counterfeit the Kause ain't havin it
All your hopes cease, so listen closely hush
I wrote boastin' note, you can't stop the Humrush

Bow, blowin up! One nine eight, X plus
And this is how we kicks it, for eighty deca
This is for the Gods, the Gods, you don't stop, heh!1Embed
A few words of Knowledge, Wisdom, and Understanding
From a soul, rappin man
Has more weight in this life
Than, one-thousand men
Of science and technology, ever can!

Whoo! Yo, thank YAH, Deacon DJ Du Dot
Naww, I'd like to introduce, MAHself
As, the Preacha Po'kchop (Amen! Amen!)
And I'm gon' go on, because y'all know I got it GOIN ON!
(Amen! Amen!) Yea, now today
I'm gonna talk about MAH life (Talk about it! Talk about it!)
MAH days, of growing up in the church of GAWD and Christ
They tried, to put ree-strictions on MAH LIFE! (Talk about it!)
They said that, a preacher could not ROCK THE MIC! (No no no!)
WHAT?! Huh, but I said wrong (It was wrong, it was wrong)
They also said THAHT, a Preacha could not PIMP STRUT! (No no no!)
I can not PIMP STRUT!
But I said WRONG! (Talk about it!)
No one tells Preacha Po'kchop, what to do with his LAYFE!
And no one, can tell the church, what to do with THEIR LAYFE!
The church, controls the church (Yeah, yeah!)
So if you want to switch up, say switch up! (SWITCH UP!)
You might also like* beat changes *
Yeahhh, now that's what I'm talkin! (Mr. Hood: Yes)
Mellowness, yes!
Anything is possible in MAH church!
That's right it's MAH church! Yeah!
Do you understand? (Mr. Hood: Yes, yes I understand)
Somebody in the church UNDERSTANDS what I'm talkin about today!
(Mr. Hood: Yes) Hah, well now I'm droppin science!
Hah, I'm droppin, BAWMBS! Hah!
Up in mah church todayahhh, hah!
Somebody say yeasss, yesss lawwwd!
Glory to Gawd, glory to Gawd!
Preachas, you betta WATCH yo' church
Because Po'kchop, is on his way
Yes, bringin the truth beyond doubt
That I've been covered by Moses
Yeah preachas, you know you're to the curb!
Stealin money, from out the church pan
To put gas, in yo' Cadillac
But Po'kchop, I pimp struts!
I pimp strut!
Now, you know I know what's goin on
My vision is NOT blaurrhy
That's why, mah church does not have to worry
Because I preach, to teach, and reach one each!
Ha hah! (Amen!)
Now, on that token, Deacon Du Dot, do dat!
Sermon said, you'd lose
Spiritual awakening, in the sins of mankind
For the deaf, the dumb, and the blind1Embed
Now, just to blow this up like I intended
Straight from the Kausin' Much Damage will I send it
I recommend hittin just fittin just fine then throw it up
Vocals for locals, the whole nine, I'm blowin' up
The birthstone kid, I got it goin' on
Every time I throw it on, allied strength is what I'm growin' on
I kick styles like maybe this one or that one
Whichever which I bust, it's got to be a fat one
Like Walter Hudson, my rhymes is thick, son
So, when you pick one, man, I'm gonna lick one
God style, hard with no smile
'Cause I profile, for the ignorant child
And when I bust off, homeboy with no heso' I just bust at
Point blank range, y'all think I ain't livin' strange?
I got this soul thing caught up in a head swing
I'm on the mic with the Gods, and I'm, soulflexin'

Straight from the flock with skills
Pizzazz your whole cipher Subroc builds, as is
As I jazz it up I grease your okey-dokey then
Yup, I do the hokey pokey let my soul bend up
Grown to be sixty-five inch
Short to swing, this hood sport is the cinch
Indeed I rap, ghetto folk'll snatch your soul intact
Now, slap your head up, bob and catch stiff neck MC selekta
The addict to this funk thing
And it sticks to you dramatic like static cling, for granted
Laps for years, I avoid troubled traps
Help me out the hole, to the brother I'll give double daps
Cuttin' that old haps, to the straightening comb
Maybe, twine the knots, I'll have the nappy dome
Sent to the home, crankin' with electric bass drag
Kick 'em big, but won't brag, I was hittin' into a rag
I don't slack, so won't you let it off? (Let it off!)
Can the MC selekta set it off? (Set it off!)
Suffer the {?} you can't, my style is ambiguous
Rockin' it 24/7, clock is broken tickless
Broke up yup I'm on, the uppity uppity note
I can rock styles that move, a party a party boat
With clout no doubt I gots to boom the boom
From Onyx my man, to Zev X my physical
Yes, I'm braggin like a wagon wheel I roll
I have my cake and eat it too, and lick the bowl
I'm soulflexin'
You might also like
Yo yo, can I get up on this? Get up on this?
Yo I'mma get on this, confusion, pure
I collect dust and rust colored coins
Trust rock a mic and must grip the loins
From a ton gun a big slug, as quickly
As I'm sickly, if sucks some of pig
Plug my mic in, discuss this tons of dust
That's been busted for a rust-like tint, {?}
Despicable, duck, more Scrooge than Rickle
No wins sucks, no ice cream, pickle sickle
Now check, check, check it out, I's no goody good
I wreck you're never luckin out so get the Woody Woodpecker
Check when plaid slacks was a trademark, I made marks
Now back taxes always stay at max of stacks so
I'm a bad guy and I'll snuff with a noogie (boo!)
Some do slump punks but up jumps the Boogie Man
I got a natural coppertone, tan and plus
Eight hundred coats of gold in my glands
And one can on the wall, one can
If that can would, happen to fall lend out a hand, to snag it
Ill ain't nothin' spilled and be drippin' or leakin'
See on, the lip I'm speakin' and be steady seekin', some soulflexin'
The God Zev X is soulflexin'
Yeah the MC selector was soulflexin'
And the birthstone kid is soulflexin'
And the Boogie Woogie men are soulflexin'
And the S.O.S. are soulflexin'
Yeah the God Ansaar is soulflexin'
My man {?} is soulflexin'
Haji, and Sadat X be flexin'
Alamo and Jamar be soulflexin'
My man Diego D be soulflexin'
The Gods from Long Beach be flexin'
Yeah the Gods from Now Rule be flexin'
Phife and Jarobi be flexin'
Q-Tip and Ali be flexin'
Posdnuos and Dove be cold flexin'
Maseo, Maseo be flexin'
Superman Clark Kent be soulflexin'
Richie Rich and 3rd Bass soulflexin'
The cracker cracker Crackerjacks be flexin'
And the L.O.N.S. be soulflexin'
And the H2O be soulflexin'
And {?} be soulflexin'
Stanley Winslow be soulflexin'
And the {?} be soulflexin'
And my man Geeby be soulflexin'
And the engineer Gamz be soulflexin'
And Dante is like the worst person
Yoooooooo, OUTEmbed
Oh man (I need a shave and a haircut)
Yo, not now, man, like
Come back like, hour, hour and a half or something
You know what I'm saying?
You know, gotta make a quick phone call
Clippers be kinda hot
(I hope to see you sooner than you think)
Yeah, yeah

Well I guess I'm up and at 'em and I'm ask a say
I'm goin' and strollin' this typical day
So can I go, Mother may I? No, I may stay?
Okay, straight to the back and I'm out
Anyway they step to war bounds
More than can each and all my posse makes crazy pounds
Live from Diego to Shabone and that new kid Dave
He had a wooly dome, a afro he did save
This kid waited crazy long for a cut and shouted
"I do crave (A haircut and a shave)"
Yeah, mischief ran through my head, guess what?
My clippers are broke, I guess I treat him like a nut
He choose to do a capoof  the scald
Oops! My bad chief, you're half bald!
In a mirror he looked, side to side his head shook
And stopped wishin', til he knew... (it's the mission)
Now this mistake I bettered from, yeah, trust me now
Come, come and take your pick... from the barber Mr. Roc
It was the least and last trick, mm
Then again, sneaky might I get
Only if impatience in your heart is set
If patient, then be a cut patient G
And I'll seek to get it done in a jiffy
You know when Serch asked "Cut the 3-R-D-B"
I said "Sounds quick, can you draw it so I can see?"
He said “Draw what, Sub? The barber is you!
Must I sketch when I know offhand you can do?"
By this compliment I became conceited
I said “I cannot be topped! Another cut completed!”
I said with no heso' and stopped
Just to be blocked by the words he did mock to say...
You might also like
This is the mission of the day, in fact! It's the mission
This is the mission of the day, in fact! It's the mission
This is the mission of the day, in fact! It's the mission
This is the mission of the day

Again and again I gonna guess where or when
Is this mad mission's going to end?
And so a new trend will begin and bend ya soul to the bone
KMD rocks styles of they own
I beg ya pardon? Me if I offend any race
Culture person, people think I may be place
Went out to here, buddy Sub's in town
Come in my face, we go rounds
I study I Self And Master
(Yo God you left out Lord) help me out I'm hazy
Oh ZLX gimme a pause
(What are you doin on the mixin' board, are you crazy!?)
Crazy in tempo with the universe, yeah that's me
I give little Mike the chance to stay on beat
(I'd like to dance and tap my feet but they won't keep in rhythm)
What is it?

This is the mission of the day, in fact! It's the mission
This is the mission of the day, in fact! It's the mission
This is the mission of the day, in fact! It's the mission
This is the mission of the day, in fact! It's the mission
Take your choice but the voice you choose
You be more than fat, cause the noise is thick
And that gets picked quick in twos
Goin' for self, ya best to sip booze
Who will lose to fall when they know what stood?
How now they all separating ill from good
He said it loud and that they should cup
The whole crowd was proud and then learned to book up
Look up, better look it up, take a peek where ya stand
With a Nubian tan, ya strange in this land
Oh yeah that's right, I'll judge the fruit
I don't care of it, not a bit, don't hand me that shoe
I'll help to shape and mold
My boys before dense is turned to stone
And then I can escape to a world of my own
This is the mission of today, in fact! (It's the mission)

Who that? Come in
(I will like to introduce my friend, Mr. Smith)
Yo, what's up, man? What you need?
(Well, look I want a haircut)
Come on now, I told you I ain't?
(Listen, shorty I'd tell you what I'll do)
(If you give me a haircut I will promise you not to pay you)
Not to pay me? Man, I'm sorry
(Listen, shorty, this is silly! Shorty, you ain't no help to me at all, you know that?)
Man, I ain't trying to be no help
(No, no, none of that stuff is helping me out, so gimme a haircut as long as I adjourn)Embed

Ay-yo, peace god, Shaquan Allah!
Yo peace, this J-Quest the Boogie Man
Yo, peace, god, D-Black
Peace to the gods! Tony D. from the Now Rule mob
Ay-yo, ain't that them the gods K.M.D. in matter of fact?
Yeah, K.M.D. - yo, ain't them the brothers Brand Nubians?
Yo, I heard they go by the name of the God Squad, what's up with that?
The Five Percent and the Ansaar together?
That is something totally new indeed, god, true indeed god

Check it out!
Born again, my soul then, blends
K.M.D. and Brand Nubian, friends
X tends to grip palm in cousin calm
In this knowledge of self, so commence to bombin'
As alarmin' as a beep from your beeper
What you needed was a wake-up call to the Sun, you sleeper
You don't wanna get wolfed by the wolf, does ya? (Naaah)
Good guessin' - switch the pitch up
Another session from the infamous God Squad
See, we's all peas in the same pod, god
On and upright, getting downright knit
With rod held up tight, cause I'm sick wit'
Nitwit Witnesses knockin' at my door
Preaching the Lord to change your life around
I figure I just saw Jamar the other day uptown
Give him a pound, it's no puzzle, relax
The nit-wits guzzle 85 proof that's Max!
You might also like
God Cipher Divine, as I build on an incline
Quick to help another, cause I know I'ma get mine
Build-Powers think they hard, but they killin' they own kind
Emphatically no, divine evil got him in his mind
Now you caught a case you're in the mountains, you're a lifer
With no skins from your girl, that's a He-Cipher-Monkey-Cipher
Or you can use the next plan
Vaseline, a magazine or your lovin' hand
I know you know who got you livin' like this, Black man
So honey, honey, honey, with the real big titties...
"Let's get right down to the real nitty gritty now!"
Put some clothes on that behind
And maybe brothers wouldn't think skins all the time
You wanna look lustful, but don't want them to lust
Which is crazier than a bag of dust
So weavy weavy weavy is quick to deceive me
So I had to tell Weavy weavy, leave me

Yeah, I hear you Haji, but yo, I got something for those that are
Frontin' out there, God
Now ain't that the pits - another brother's blown to bits
But when the news hits, everybody catch fits
He gets mad, but still at home we sits
Piggin' out on the big pig, spoon to the grits
Talkin' 85 jive, brothers they wanna get live
But some funk while I strive
See I strive, I gotta keep gods steppin' in harmony
The devils try bombin' me, the devils try Tommin' me up
But Now Cipher Way, I gots knowledge of self
I been had it, but it's a bad habit to health
See I build with the Nubians I chill with
I fill with - my Zig-Zag-Zig
I never lived big, I never lived large, I never lived fat
The devil man in this land, he won't allow that
So brother man, I don't wanna bust you
But if you don't know the devil, then how can I trust you?
Know'm sayin'?
Ay-yo, true indeed Onyx, they don't know the time on the dial
It's like this...
Life's hardships
Stones are placed and one must face trips
Falls and spills and kills and cause mishaps
These are some of his traps
But I got a jewel which needs no gift wrap
So just receive, believe when shown the light
The devil gets left, the Gods gotta get right
To the source of our loss, stop wearing the cross
Do for self, kill that "Yes, sir, boss!" and
When you do, from the other you won't beg
Can't you see my brother, yo, the Arma-Legga-Leg
Arm supreme Head
And instead
Of relyin', why don't you start tryin'?
You say try is to fail, I say try is an attempt
Cause when you stop tryin' that
Makes victory exempt from your cipher
The life you lead is not hype
The Black man was not born to be a gutter snipe
Or an alley cat - you should be steppin' to the rally fat
Not just with dough, but with the knowledge you know
So, get up and go
Get yourself a book of life instead of living life like a hooker!
Know'm sayin, word up, this is knowledge of self
And do for self!
That's the foul way, you know'm sayin'?
Black we gotta move on...
Ayo Subroc!
What up!
Drop the knowledge
Get you dumb freak
Hit 'em hit 'em!
??? Skulls, G!

I see some so dense
Man, from head to toe they're full of lead
I flipped a brick, nah, I build a fort instead
So I talked, chilled, before I flipped!
Cause in actuality, my man's mentality was stripped
I dipped, back to the roots I am, that I am a king
Cream in the coffee? No thanks, plaything
You simple teenage, you thought you got the knack to be Black
State of mind ain't like mine
I got soul that you lack
Each one teach in every town, we like that
The God Squad is like Homey the Clown, we don't play that
Coon, jigaboo, Uncle Toms in the mix
Get a good look at the Book of Psalms, 82 and 6
"All gods, and children of the Most High"
Cave-guys still fry in the Sun, and don't deny
I got a third eyesight vibe that don't lie
I AM that I AM good night, divine evil's the bullseye
Bam! Right between the eyes! So y'all know who's the target right?

Yeah, I hear ya Subroc, and I see it like this:
It's a modern type of style, look at what I did
A devil still can't build a pyramid
I dug a - tunnel to Asia
Wrote a speech with a laser
Rush your brain with a new genetic strain
A god in god's clothing, and the devil's loathing
Got enemies, but I really don't give a damn
Smacked a man cause he tried to serve a plate of ham
Disguised in a patty, my uncle Trevor's knotty dread
[? He got a dude that's Fred, used to be a foot Fed
The city jammed his pension, and I forgot to mention
That I'm the word buff, yes, enough is enough
Zig-zag-zig, watch the Black man get big and burst
The Black man is first
I drive a black hearse and I bury all the devils
With K.M.D. I can raise up my levels
Bust it!
]
Yeah! You know what I'm sayin'?
It's time to build, it's time to build...
We gotta raise up the dead...
Word is bond, we gotta reach them - let 'em see the light
You know what I'm saying? True indeed...
Cause each one must teach one, that's how we reach one
God Squad - getting down to the Nitty Gritty...1Embed
"Once upon a time there was a little boy
Who lived in the deep, dark jungles of Africa
His name was Little Sambo"
(Uh-oh, ZL's X-ercisin' his right to be hostile)
They always try to say that coon is me for some reason
(I don't understand, man)
You don't understand?!
(No, I don't know)

My temper, temper's up to like tenward
Switched up with thoughts that I recommend
My nest is flood but thicker is blood
Plus, still some stay stud like sticks in the mud
Ibuprofen from new kids keep me from flippin' daily
Yet, I constantly slip into thinkin' kinda loony
In my logo you see us?
Whoever said that coon was me?

Oh, no! (Who me?!)
Uh, oh no!
Uh, oh no! (Who me?!)
Uh, oh no!
Uh, oh no!
You might also like
Holy smokes! I say it's a joke
To make a mockery of the original folks
Okay, joke's over, but still it cloaks over
Us with no luck from no clover
This, irritates X, so goes into my text
Tolerates one N-word complex
Subroc, etched the fuzz of what once was
In eighty-deca, the joke's on cuz
Those on top of my head stand seven thick
Hairs that even if I wanted to I couldn't pick
Pigment, is this a defect in birth?
Or more an example of the richness on Earth?
Lips and eyes dominant traits of our race
Does not take up 95 percent of one's face
But still I see, in the back two or three
Ignorant punks pointing at me

Oh, no! (Who me?!)
Uh, oh no!
Uh, oh no! (Who me?!)
Uh, oh no!
Uh, oh no! (Who me?!)

Yo, I begs your pardon
But have you ever seen this brother walkin' 'round here anywhere?
That must be missing person
Have you ever saw his face on a milk carton? (Oh, no!)
Tricky tricky, must be part of the "Gas Face" series
The same one who started black cat bad luck theories
Yeah, he done it, this place, he runs it
And I'm guilty, Alcatraz till four hundred
Judge ye not the unjudged is where he slipped
The real guilty is filthy, he gypped Egypt
Blew the nose right off the Sphynx, now when he inks
Ugly as when our hair kinks, we thinks
Then zap goes the nap, now I gots good hair
If that's good hair, then bad's a hood's hair
Comb-twisted dome, braided or faded
The first man played it and now we hate it?
Robbed of our culture, true indeed I bear witness
And recommend this mental fitness
So get this loaded toolie and point it at a ghoul, G
Then ask him: "Who you callin' moolie?"

Oh, no! (Who me?!)
Uh, oh no!
Uh, oh no! (Who me?!)
Uh, oh no!
Uh, oh no!

 Ah man, damn, man
Yo, they wanna call me a monkey, a coon, a jiggaboo
A boogie man, yo Bert! Yo! Bert!
 Um, what is it?
 Yo G, they wanna call me all these names
 Aha, I know what we can do
 What can we do?
 We'll ask someone out there to find (Little Sambo)
 What you be meanin', G?
 Okay, pick up a crayon... (Who me?)
No, them (Oh, us?) Yes
Kids, pick up a crayon, look for (Little Sambo)
When you find him, draw a circle around him
 Yo Bert, you gets props, G
 Hahahahahahaha
 Yo, have dap, man
Yo, you got to rock that Hum shit for me later, tooEmbed

"Well I'll bet if you really tried.."
{*Big Bird, scratched: "I could never do that!"*}
"Well I'll bet if you really tried.."
"Awww, I made a mistake"
"Well I'll bet if you really tried.."
{*Big Bird, scratched: "I could never do that!"*}
"Well I'll bet if you really tried.."
{*Big Bird, scratched: "You shouldn't be upset!"*}

Well Love tries, to come across swift, not stuck up
Rise, to minimize the fuck-up, smooth
Rollin in a jazzy light groove, gots nothin to prove though
Just to show how I flow
Like water through yo' kitchen faucet
Notice the fine line - try crossin it!
Don't even pause it, I roar like a lion
You duck, you quackin - so who you tryin?
The main, communicator, Z.L.X-act
Subroc's kickback will crack who can't hack
Range is point blank but my page ain't
You see I speak bold print like black spraypaint
Into the, extra strength new print cause I'm stressed
Zev Love test, God damn, God bless
So let it go, cause it'll just be another Love TKO
So don't try me
You might also like - second 1/2

Yeah I'mmm - servin this one no preservatives
Into sections described from a plank, I'm a splinter
Chip off the new block, Zev Love X-Pel it
And how I tell it will remain a relic
True, black and hard, but I'm no Blackstone
There's no presto in my manifesto
So, take the L, cause you can't take the Z.L
Neither the X, so I don't suggest trial
While, comin off is like a habit, so pardon
I'm too quick to smoke dancer sticks by the carton
I ain't startin a habit if Subroc is not venomous
He's more antidote, cheerin when you're hearin him
So listen up, LISTEN CLOSELY, who's supposed to be
Comin off if we're not?
What I mostly see is scrubs boastin free
But the low key X marks the spot
So don't try me

"Well I'll bet if you really tried.."
{*Big Bird, scratched: "I could never do that!"*}
"Well I'll bet if you really tried.."
To the bridge, to the bridge, to the bridge, to the bridge (Okay!)
{*musical breakdown followed by scratch: "Go right ahead!"*}

One for the disarranged, two for the duration of time
Ticks and ticks on as I speak
Three for the Hard Way, for real earns pay
No need for a 9 to 5, week by week
Zev Love is for the birds, I save the ducks
But birds if you will stay perched on my jock
Through rough productions we make bucks
And still kill two birds with one Subroc
You wish to go rounds on this dancer stick mister?
This we can do Mr. Magoo, list your bets
Here's eight cards and your odds
A stitch in time, will save nine yards
But if one is ripped, how can one expect
To sew shit up in 80-decca?
I think you need a new sewin needle my friend
So try, try again, but don't try me


Before I kicks it, would anyone care for a cigarette?
... Speechless, I figured it
I understand, followin the leader is a cinch
And suckers out, cause every inch I move and flinch
Nerve pinch strain on my brain from migraine pain
Damn it's my turn to explain
The rules of the game, why me?
Well if at once you don't succeed, don't try me!

"I wanna try"  "Good for you!"
"Well I'll bet if you really tried.."
I made a mistake 
"Well I'll bet if you really tried.."
"Everyone makes mistakes!"
"Well I'll bet if you really tried.."
"I'm gonna try it"
"Well I'll bet if you really tried.."
"I'm gonna try.."
"Well I'll bet if you really tried.." {repeat 4X}
I'm out.. we're like AUDIEmbed
What's up
(I want my haircut)
Yah might as well got nothing better to do
Yah they told you my clippers are broke right
Well sit right there
Move those records
Yah right there
Sit
(This chair is dirty)
Alright you gonna start complaining
Anyway what kind do you want
Fade, flat
And put, put that out G
(Does the smoke bother you?)
Of course it bothers me and that's disrespect man
You see the no smoking sign
And plus my incense, it don't blend
It don't blend man
Where you from anyway
(I'm from New York)
Oh word hmm
(Where do you come from?)
Strong Island, glad you asked
Land of the golden records
Home of the hits
(Do you have popular records?)
Naw we just started
But we got like many different styles and all that
Jazz, funk, blues, Jeep music
Yah you like that right
(No, only folklore records)
Folklore
That's some stories right
Matter of fact we do got a few of those
(Could you play one for me)
Yah pass me that tape right there
Naw the other one, the other one
Yah check it outYou might also likeEmbed

I saw the thunder and heard the lightning
And felt the burden of his shame (2x)

Check, sup do
Yeah, check it out check it out
Check it, buss it, peep it, check it
I'm on the low like a sneaky ass (white) nigga
X the unseen comin’ like the night nigga
So start panicking I'mma crack this Heinekin
Suckas is froze like mannequin so no shenanigan, bucko
I'm rugged like stone face to stucco
So fuck it! The mic is in my knuckles so I keeps my fist full of profits
My grip is on my pistol in pocket
Niggas be blowin’ but be annoyin' like whistle rockets
This one goes out to all you suckas: you don't know me
I never O.D. on my diet of codeine and OE
X embezzling fat checks and cash is okay
Fucking with the system like a rash but I don't say out loud
I read my hit list while I check shit
A nigga never lived to hear me diss him on no record
The month's up
I watched the pussy bleed for seven days
The body autopsy said he was killed in seven ways
Nowadays tell me what lady don't get it
Listen to BLS you just might catch radio edit
I got the good news so watch the happy story end like
Colin Ferguson or Jack Kavorkian and you don't quit
You might also like
I saw the thunder and heard the lightning
And felt the burden of his shame (2x)

(Sitting on the train like half past midnight)
Who will survive in World War Three? (None!)
Who got a style that come close to me? (None!)
Niggas screamin' battle who steps to me? (None!)
To all you fakers, it’s time to meet your maker
Raps incarceration of a threat to population
Blowing MCs in a yardless, heartless center isolation raise a rattle
With recreational mental meditation
World War Three, it’s me
So man your battle station
The reaper lyrics are way beyond the limits of human endurance (Yeah!)
The rapper called star shot down for insurance (Bang!)
I keep the ugly rhymes in the cellar of my cranium
Where no one can see them or hear cries for freedom
Chopped up raw thoughts the only thing I feed 'em
Release the beats from the cellar when I need ’em
Dwell underground like C.H.U.D., love letters
Wrinkled paper bags, ink, and blood
I gotta slay ways of jealous I defeat
Dodge bullets blue sparks flowing off the fuckin concrete
Even if it's not your beef you are stressed cause bullets go homeless
And homeless need a place to rest
So where's your heaven and hell G?
Because your Marcus Wellby will not be able to sew
That hole in your chest and back
Often looks like a car, it's kitted
Piped and tinted, and also painted triple black (Ding!)
Sad songs to your savior to sacrifice your soul to prayers failed (Sorry)
Cause God moved like a snail so death prevails
You’re deader than a doornail
Lips blue, skin pale, all hail Grimm!
I saw the thunder and heard the lightning
And felt the burden of his shame (2x)Embed
"He was a nigga yesterday, he's a nigga today, and he's gonna be a nigga tomorrow!"

What a niggy know
Yo, a niggy know the game
What a niggy name, black?
X like the flick slick
What a niggy clique be?
The Kause, CM crew
What a niggy do?

Let the monkey out the zoo
It's on my back now, repeat I'm the X
A biggy, not a bigot, pass that 40 man I'm tempted to swig
Save shit for after the gig, ya dig?
Buds like figs pick out sticks and twigs
Like Sub picks out wigs, I jigs like a shank
Zev Love X, I be sex like swank
So crank up the cuts and get some ups on the Ziggy-ziggy
I gots ta, gots ta rock the mic and grab my niggy-niggy (Nuts!)
One two, sound off chumsy
Finna flip the script like roundoff summy
Yummy to the tooth, bitter to the tummy
Help keeps that monkey shit constipated for me, jimmy
Jimmy rummy
Now where my money at fat?
Livin like that Ziggy from the funnies cat, yeah
We both be in the papers
Me from pullin' capers with the gat, it's like that (True dat)
You might also like
What a niggy know?
Your ho, she know why
What a niggy go by?
Dead roach, no joke
What a niggy smoke, kid?
Nothin but the raw spots
What a niggy got?

Bis-a-busy is a what I get props yo I gets more
Stick 'em up a niggy boxed cause I gets raw
Lots of many many plenty of leeway
Subroc aka Kingilizwe
Cock-a-doodle-do with the head up y'all
Like a quadruple fat goose I, swell up child
See ya diaper that leaks is soggy
I'll bungee jump kick ya butt like Miyagi
No curls, no braids but steel wool
With my ill style, mad Gs I pull
I lay lower than a limbo stick
Follow me quick, or leave alone a jimbo stick
Can ya dig it? I roll rugged
Clock me dumb and my nigga will fly that nugget
To the drum y'all
Stung! I caught y'all
I shadowbox that ass and teleport y'all
A-yes yes, y'alls
Like this y'all, like that y'all, to the beat y'all!
Like that y'all, to the beat y'all, yes yes y'all
Like that y'all, yes yes y'all, like this y'all
Like that y'all, like this y'all, like that y'all
To the beat, y'all, like that y'all, to the beat y'all

Check it!
I'm the one hun if ya checkin' for the rhyme
Some for any party turn my hat back then mic check two
Ninety-three for the time, c'mon everybody let's rock that
That, that, uh!
Niggas shoulda known it
If I chase the cat, I'ma bone it doggone it
And good riddance
I keep my funky mittens off them kittens and I don't quit
But if I catch the AIDS I'll be quitting the bullshittin'
Written by the pen of the X, ak
The chicken crossed the street cause he seen me with a mask
Knockin' over trash cans and mailboxes on my block (Ka-blaow!)
Sounded like a roc roc, y'all

Like that y'all, to the beat y'all, yes yes y'all
Like that y'all, like that y'all, to the beat y'all
Yes yes y'all, like this y'all, yes yes y'all
Like that y'all, like that y'all, to the beat y'all
Like that y'all, like this y'all, like that y'all
To the beat, y'all, like that y'all, like this y'all
Like that y'all, like this y'all, like that y'all
Like this, y'all, like that y'all, to the beat!