Soft white powder, clam chowder with your bitch
Snortin' up that line, she tryin' to ease up her mind
Two door on that black coupe, no gold, black jewels
Fuck you and yo attitude, I do what I got to
Man the pot ain't free stupid
Knots in my jeans, caviar and ice cream
It seems that I like these nice things
So I'm out here for that green
Peakin' through the sunroof, mesmerized on the clouds
I wish to be on that level, so I picked up that loud
Let yo chick roll the blunt
She made me proud, applause
I'm tryin' to get up in them draws
Better yet, I'm tryin' to get up in them jaws
So stop poppin' your jaws, and park the car

Cartier with the dollar bill
Rain, club (Yeah, yeah)
Trying to get all the bitches
All the bitches, all the bitches

Check my steeze bitch please
I got cheese
My whole team ill
Rick O, we blow by Os
Real cutthroat
Fuck a ho, we 'bout that dough
Skate racks, break club flow go on her jean jack'
You and your crew wack
Air pack, you on dat
Cash first that so I got that gold on deck
Nice coupe, bad chick in the front ho, then the pooch
White man wealth, I'm sitting tall like I hoop
Mad cheese, mad steeze, dopeness in my tissue
Money ain't the issue
I thought you niggas been knew
On the hours under the influence
Nigga, I am true to this
You lame niggas got me all bent
Y'all new to this
Talk about this money we involved in
Blow that jane then we vent, niggaYou might also like3Embed
Dollar bill, yeah
Music from the soul, y'all
Yeah

I told my niggas we gotta chase the bills (Bills)
Thousands, a couple mils (Couple mils)
Vanilla skies, nice crib (Nice crib)
Dependin' on the weather how I choose my 'mobile ('Mobile)
Cruise through the strip just to cop a zip
Bad chick (Yeah)
Tatted underneath her lip (Yeah)
Get a lift, guarantee I'm gonna hit (I'm gonna hit)
She love the shit I wear, sponsored by the time of year (Yeah)
Always prepared (Yeah)
Dutch master (Yeah)
In her ear (Yeah)
Get plastered
My crew members get hazard (Uh)
Skateboardin' fashion (Yeah)
NASCAR drivin' (Uh)
Your ho love my adlibs (Yeah)
Dolla bill, dope, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

Bitch I gotta get the cash (Yeah)
Bitch I gotta get the cash (Yeah)
(Carti, Carti)
Gotta get the cash (Carti)
(Carti, Carti)
I gotta get the cash (Carti)
Bitch I gotta get the cash (Yeah)
Bitch I gotta get the cash (Yeah)
(Carti, shit, Carti)
Gotta get the cash (Carti)
(Carti, Carti)
I gotta get the cash (Carti)
You might also like
TFZ
All my niggas skate (Skate)
All you niggas hate (Yeah)
This Fendi on my waist (Yeah)
Your chick gave me that, damn, "I can't feel my face" (Oh, damn, oh)
I can't feel my face (Yeah)
I got a foreign car, foreign broad (Oh)
Good head, pornstar (Yeah)
Cash first, fuck y'all (Carti)
Creamtoppers I gotta ball (Yeah)
Outfit come from Montreal (Yeah)
Make a scene when I'm in the mall (Yeah)
Freeze, hold up (Yeah)
Your girl, she gon' roll up (Yeah)

Bitch I gotta get the cash (Yeah)
Bitch I gotta get the cash (Yeah)
(Carti, shit, Carti)
Gotta get the cash (Carti)
(Carti, Carti)
I gotta get the cash (Carti)
Bitch I gotta get the cash (Yeah)
Bitch I gotta get the cash (Yeah)
(Carti, shit, Carti)
Gotta get the cash (Carti)
(Carti, Carti)
I gotta get the cash (Carti)2Embed
Coke in the lip, gettin' head in the whip (TMZ) (Oh lord)
No average (Uh), bad bitch, ass thick (Yeah)
Fat tits, she a dime (Uh), fuckin' with a dime, dollar bill
State of mind, TMZ, fuck enemies, I skateboard with Zombies
My niggas blow good (Carti), got them palm trees on the palm trees (Yeah)
When the shark speak, I'm a showboat (Ok)
On a jet ski rockin' SBs (Uh), rockin' Tommy
Fendi belt (Steeze), where the 9 be
Blowin' hella smoke, where your soul go?
Where your spirit at? (Bitch)
Gettin' cash bitch (Bitch), I gotta have shit (Bitch)
I got cheetah print on my Pumas
My lungs black, my brain pink (Uh)
Swisher guts, leave evidence
That I've bent over and fucked your bitch (Fuck Her)
I'm an asshole, I might take your ho (Fuck her)
So don't bring your ho in my presence (Fuck her)
Graveyard my residence (Carti)
Zombie broads give me neck and shit
Pulled off with the top off (Skrt)
Let the smoke clear (Clear) (TMZ)
Cartier in here (Here)
I got a bitch in a different place (Carti)
Cold weather, North Face
All black, Cartier yeah (Yeah)
I do what I can, I'm the fuckin' man
Man, ask your bitch, she a fuckin' fan (Yeah)You might also like1Embed
Carti
Let it rain
She said this how she feel when she on a pill (Yeah)
Once the smoke marinate, you don't feel the chill
Handsome ass nigga, I got bitches, cuz (Uh)
Fuck yo block, pistols pop, 'cause we don't give no fucks (No)
I swear my life is a fucking blessing
All my problems disappear when I'm in rotation
The room spinning (Yeah)
I'm in that situation (Elevation)
I'm so motherfucking faded with your old lady
Two blunts, ventilation, good brain, highly educated
Getting paid is my occupation
I don't feel safe in the streets (No, lil' bitch)
My tommy is a beast, NASCAR
You never fly past a G, ho
Carti rocking Tommy like we in the 90s (Ho)
Carti rocking Stussy
Carti get the pussy (Ho)
Lame niggas out here trying do me, salute me, or shoot me

I'm on the avenue, standing on top of my toes
Eyes closed
Selling heat, watch your nose
I got connects with the Pope (Yeah)
My lookout she know (Yeah, shit, uh)
You might also like
Foreign car keys kick spark, please ten deep stitched
Bitch quick, don't touch my shit (Yeah)
New watch on my wrist
She like, "damn, what happened to your wrist?"
Oh don't worry bitch, my diamonds cut this shit (Yeah)
Hold up, let me roll up
Smoke some good stuff (Okay)
Quick puff, then I start seeing stuff (Carti)1Embed
You'd be very foolish to not to understand that because demons are real and people are influenced by bad spirits
Yeah, yeah
Carti, yeah

Southside nigga, black ninja (Yeah)
My niggas take time off yo' clock with the Glock
Purple killing that fool, I smoke dolo by two
Got me high to the roof, got your bitch getting loose
Carti that dude (Carti), it's blue in these jewels
Redman comes on, three Gs, one blunt, just me
Three cups, cups filled with pink, drink up (Uh, damn)
I'm 'bout them green, guys (Guys), so I'm serving pies (Pies)
I'm high, white lie, my eyes reveal the truth (Bitch)
This is what I do, bitch
This is what I do, bitch, nigga fuck you (Carti)
Fuck 'em all, get this cake, that's how I pissed them off (Carti)
I got work that's gon' be gone tomorrow (Yeah)
Ship it off state to state, nigga, don't hate (Yeah)
Cartier with your bitch on the interstate (State)
Foreign whip, she love this shit
She ridin' it, rollin' that glass
Roll that gas, bitch, I'm the man

All of these bitches (All of these bitches)
All of these bitches (All of these bitches)
I'm gon' fuck all of these bitches (All of these bitches)
I'm gon' fuck all of these bitches (All)
Yeah, I just gotta fuck right these bitches
All these bitches
I just gotta fuck all these bitches
I pull up right on these bitches
I just gotta fuck all these bitches
Fuck what you think, Carti
(*Loud screaming*)You might also like4Embed
Plug
Bitch

Boss up on these niggas (Yeah)
Boss up on these niggas (Yeah)
Boss up on these niggas (Yeah)
Boss up on these niggas (Yeah, yeah)
Boss up on these niggas (Yeah)
Boss up on these niggas (Boss up)
Boss up on these niggas (Boss up)
Ayy, ooh (Boss up)
(Bitch)

I was brought up different, uh (Let's go)
So my vision different, uh (Let's go)
Yeah, my bitches different, uh (I was brought up different)
Ridin' 'round in tinted, uh (So my vision different)
I can't fuck with niggas, ooh (Yeah, my bitches different)
I go get it, nigga, ooh (Ridin' 'round in tinted)
How I live it, nigga, ooh (I don't fuck with niggas)
I can't kick it with you, ooh (I go get it, nigga)
They say that I changed, ooh (Let's go)
Went and copped a chain, ooh (Let's go)
Went and copped them things, ooh (They say that I changed)
Weight all in my name, ooh (Went and copped a chain)
Fuck me for my fame, ooh (Went and copped them things)
Fuck me for the fame, ooh (Weight all in my name)
Weight all in my name, ooh (Weight all in my name)
Weight all in my name, ooh (Let's go, what? What?)
Boss up
You might also like
Boss up on these niggas
(Plug)
Boss up on these niggas (Boss up)
Boss up on these niggas (Boss up)
Boss up on these niggas (Boss up)
Boss up on these niggas (Boss up)
Boss up on these niggas (Boss up)
Boss up on these niggas
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Woah)
Boss up on these niggas
(Plug)
Boss up on these niggas (Yeah, boss up, boss up)
Boss up on these niggas (Boss up)
Boss up on these niggas (Boss up, boss up, boss up)
Boss up on these niggas (Boss up)
Boss up on these niggas (Boss up, boss up, boss up)
Boss up on these niggas
(Bitch)

Ooh, I can't kick it with you, I be with the Mob
All we do is ball, we don't give a fuck
All these niggas want our swag 'cause we go too hard
Swag surfin' on these niggas, you can't be a part
And I'm Rickied down to my toes and heart
(Plug)
Goyard 'round my waist and it hold the Glock, ooh
Poppin' tags, poppin' bags, it ain't hard, ooh (And you know this shit)
I got vibes, I got thots in the lot (What? What? Yeah)
Boss up on these niggas
(Plug)
Boss up on these niggas (Boss up)
Boss up on these niggas (Boss up)
Boss up on these niggas (Boss up)
Boss up on these niggas (Boss up)
Boss up on these niggas (Boss up)
Boss up on these niggas
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah (Woah)
Boss up on these niggas
(Plug)
Boss up on these niggas (Yeah, boss up, boss up)
Boss up on these niggas (Boss up)
Boss up on these niggas (Boss up, boss up, boss up)
Boss up on these niggas (Boss up)
Boss up on these niggas (Boss up, boss up, boss up)
Boss up on these niggas

(Plug)14Embed
Yeah, uh
I got hoes in different time zones
East, west, in the middle
That's a no fly zone
'Cause we drop bombs every chance we get
Told you niggas I am floodin' yo time-lines with plenty of them dope rhymes
I put them down in no time
We drop the track
They eat it up
We hit the stage
They deep as fuck
Them lame ass niggas can't eat with us, nah
Can't smoke no tree with us, nah
Nigga, collecting all the profit
We drop a song, that's a trendin' topic
Catch me hired up with Cartier and my nigga Drew
Yeah, that's the crew
Tryna stack that cheese like Ratatouille
I'll come slide through yo avenue
Levi shit, I ain't never had the Trues
No nightmares, bitch, my dreams is blue
All these little niggas, they ain't got no clue
Me and Cartier like two for two
Young niggas gotta get this bread
Spittin' them dope rhyme
That's a gold mine, shit
Finna be on a no-time, shit
Wack niggas get no shine
We in the club
We blow a cloud
Yo bitch in here
She break it down
Yuh, we gon' smoke a pound
You might also like
Brand-new, I put the rims on it
Bad bitch, she been on it
Bag of weed, that's THC
I smoke gasoline, that's why she fuck with me (Yeah)
Real nigga in a fake world
Your girl on my deck
That's some skateboard shit
No magazine, but I thrash the bitch
Let's get this established, bitch (Yeah)
Arm and hammer, fix your manners (Yeah)
Disrespectful, come and fix your grammar (Yeah)
Blow a hole in your fuckin' skull (Yeah)
I'm poppin' shells 'cause I'm feelin' buzzed (Carti)
Triple Cs on a Alpine
I'm blowin' trees, I'm feelin' fine (Yeah)
Life is good but we too hood to be on some shit that we ain't about (Carti)
I get cheese like a cash-cow
Oh, we good now? (Yeah, yeah)
We got money pounds in the basement (Yeah)
I'm spendin' shit
I ran up for the third time this week (Carti)
'Cause money don't sleep (Carti)
All these diamonds on me, all these diamonds on me
Bitch, freeze
(Yeah, yeah)
(All these diamonds on me, money don't sleep)
Diamonds
(All these diamonds on me)
Blue crystals
Yeah
Cash
(Bitch, freeze)
(All these diamonds on me)
Blue, blue crystals
(Bitch, freeze)
Cash
Carti
What up?
Diamonds1Embed
(La música de Harry Fraud)
Yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah

Yeah, what? What?
You cannot hop in my car (Yeah, yeah)
Bentley coupe ridin' with stars (Yeah, yeah)
Yeah, what? What? (Yeah, yeah)
I keep a Glock like a cop (Yeah, yeah), uh, ayy, yeah (Yeah)
She give the top in the drop (What?)
Yeah, ayy (Yeah)
Diamonds, they wet on my arm (Diamonds, they wet on my arm, what?)
Tats on my neck and my arm (Tats on my neck and my arm)
Tats on my neck and my arm (Tats on my neck and my arm, yeah)
Diamonds, they wet on my arm (Diamonds, they wet on my arm, yeah)
Tats on my neck and my arm (Tats on my neck and my arm, yeah, what?)
Diamonds, they wet on my arm (Diamonds, they wet on my arm, yeah, yeah)
Tats on my neck and my arm (Yeah, yeah, yeah)

Yeah, yeah (Yeah)
Yeah, yeah (Yeah)
What? Yeah, what? (Yeah)
What? Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah (What?)
Yeah, yeah (What?)
Tats on my neck and my arm, uh
Tats on my neck and my, uh (Yeah)
You might also like
Uh, ooh (Huh?)
In this bitch going crazy (Huh?)
Uh, yeah (Who?)
I'm with this shit like a baby (Yeah)
Uh, yeah, yeah
I fuck your bitch, she my baby, uh, yeah, yeah (What?)
I treat your bitch like my lady, yeah, uh, uh (Yeah, yeah)
Shawty bend back like the Matrix, uh (Shawty bend back like the Matrix)
Curge whip it up like the '80s, uh (Curge whip it up like the '80s)
I'm in the kitchen, go crazy, uh (I'm in the kitchen, go crazy)
I just want me a Mercedes, uh (I just want me a Mercedes)
Pull up, we totin' .380s, uh (Pull up, we totin' .380s)
Pull up, I sent the location, uh (Pull up, I sent the location)
Pull up, I sent the location, uh (Pull up, I sent the location)

What? What?
You cannot hop in my car (You cannot hop in my car, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Bentley coupe ridin' with stars (Bentley coupe ridin' with stars, what?)
Yeah, yeah, what? What? (Yeah, yeah)
I keep a Glock like a cop (I keep a Glock like a cop)
Uh, ayy, yeah (What? Yeah)
She give the top in the drop (She give the top in the drop, yeah, drop, drop, drop)
Yeah, yeah, yeah, ayy
Diamonds, they wet on my arm (Diamonds, they wet on my arm)
Tats on my neck and my arm (Tats on my neck and my arm)
Tats on my neck and my arm (Tats on my neck and my arm)
Diamonds, they wet on my arm (Diamonds, they wet on my arm)
Tats on my neck and my arm (Tats on my neck and my arm)
Diamonds, they wet on my arm (Diamonds, they wet on my arm)
Tats on my neck and my arm (Yeah, what?)
Tats on my neck and my arm
Tats on my neck and my arm, yeah, ayy (Yeah, yeah)
Tats on my neck and my arm
Tats on my neck and my arm, yeah, yeah
Check, yeah, ayy, yeah (Yeah)
Uh, yeah (Yeah)
Tats on my neck and my arm (Yeah)43Embed
Woop (Phew)
Yeah (Phew-phew)
Look at these niggas (Phew-phew)
Uh, look at these (Phew-phew, what?)
Blaow, blaow, blaow (Yeah)
(Ooh)

Look at these niggas, what? (Uh)
Look at these niggas, ooh (What?)
Look at these niggas, what? (Yeah)
Look at these niggas, what? (Ayy)
Fuck these niggas, yeah, ooh (Lil' bitch, lil' bitch)
Fuck these niggas, yeah, uh (Ayy)
Fuck these niggas, uh, uh
Fuck these niggas, uh (Yeah)
Yeah, lil' bitch
Fuck these niggas, yeah, uh (Woo)
Look at these niggas, yeah, uh (Woo)
Look at these niggas, yeah, uh (Woo)
Look at these niggas, yeah, uh (Woo)
Look at these niggas, yeah, uh (Woo)
Look at these niggas, yeah, uh (Woo)
Yeah, yeah, what? (Uh)
You might also like
Aude' on my wrist, yeah
Might just take your bitch, ooh
Might just take that risk, yeah
Take her on a trip, ooh (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Lay it on her tongue, ooh (Yeah)
Put her right to bed, ooh (Yeah)
Hit 'em with the drum, ooh (Brrt)
They gon' feel this shit, ooh (Brrt-brrt, yeah, yeah)
Drivin' like I'm drunk, ooh (Skrrt)
But I'm off that lean (Lean, yeah)
Bitches wanna fuck, ooh (Yeah)
Ho, come lean on me, ooh (Yeah, yeah)
Yeah, promethazine, ooh (Mud)
I can't even see, ooh (I can't even see)
Niggas envy me, ooh (Yeah)
Bitch, I'm MVP, ooh (Yeah)

Ooh, yeah, shit, yeah (Yeah, yeah)
Man, it's somethin', I f—
What the fuck you…?
Oh, I forgot, I forgot, I forgot, I forgot, I forgot
I don't fuck with these niggas
Look at these niggas, uh, uh
Look at these, uh, what? Blatt, blatt (Yeah)
Look at these niggas, what? (Uh)
Look at these niggas, ooh (What?)
Look at these niggas, what? (Yeah)
Look at these niggas, what? (Ayy)
Uh, fuck these niggas, yeah, ooh (Bitch-ass nigga)
Fuck these niggas, yeah, uh (Ayy)
Fuck these niggas, uh (Lil' bitch)
Fuck these niggas, uh (Lil' bitch, lil' bitch)
Yeah (What?), lil' bitch
Fuck these niggas, yeah, uh (Lil' snitch)
Look at these niggas, yeah, uh (Snitch)
Look at these niggas, yeah, uh (Go)
Look at these niggas, yeah, uh
Look at these niggas, yeah, uh (What's up?)
Look at these niggas, yeah, uh
Yeah, yeah, what? (Uh, alright, I'm good)

Chopper with the stick (Stick)
And it got the kick
(Ayy, Uzi, where my gun at, bruh?)
Got a lot of kick, make you do a backflip, yeah
(Stop, stop playin' with me)
I'm a walkin' lick (Woo, lick, lick, lick, lick)
Told that girl that I don't wanna fuck, told her, "Just lick" (Takin' your bitch)
Lick (Hey), lick (Ooh), lick (Ooh, ooh)
I cannot fuck you, no, bitch, get the fuck out my whip (Ooh, ooh, skrrt, vroom)
Walk with your shawty, that 40, that's all on my hip (Yeah)
Pull up them Forgis, that's all of my VIP (Yeah)
I ain't got time to be callin' no bitch (Yeah)
That's why I always be stallin' a bitch
Don't want her no more, I'm passin' assists
(Ayy, stop, stop playin' with me, stop fuckin' playin' with me)
(You know what I'm sayin'? I'm here fuckin' with Carti and Uzi)
Jump on a bike, run from the pigs
Smokin' that gas, you smoke that mid
Fucked at my crib, met her at LIV
Laugh at these niggas, look at these bitches (What? Blatt, blatt, blatt)
(Cash Carti shit, bitch)
Look at these niggas, what? (Beep, yeah)
Look at these niggas, ooh (Carti)
Look at these niggas, what? (What? What?)
Look at these niggas, what? (What? Uh)
Fuck these niggas, yeah, ooh (Bitch-ass nigga)
Fuck these niggas, yeah, uh (Bitch-ass nigga)
Fuck these niggas, uh (Lil' bitch)
Fuck these niggas, uh (Lil' bitch, lil' bitch)
Yeah, lil' bitch
Fuck these niggas, yeah, uh (Lil' snitch)
Look at these niggas, yeah, uh (Lil' snitch)
Look at these niggas, yeah, uh (Go)
Look at these niggas, yeah, uh
Look at these niggas, yeah, uh (What's up?)
Look at these niggas, yeah, uh (What's up?)
Yeah, yeah, what? (Uh)

Lil' snitch ass nigga
I don't fuck with these niggas, I forgot, nigga
I think they forgot41Embed
Know I got a lot, lot
I'm a rockstar
I'm a rockstar (Know I got a lot, lot)
I'm a rockstar
I'm a rockstar

Woke up to niggas talkin' like me, talk
Woke up to niggas soundin' like me, talk
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me, talk
Woke up to niggas soundin' like me, talk
I woke up to niggas soundin' like me
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me
Woke up to niggas soundin' like me
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me

Oh, I think they like me, yeah, they like me
Diamonds on me, ice cream, ho, that slightly
My Draco bitch a Spike Lee, diamonds on me biting
I heard these niggas wanna fight me
Meet me at my next show but you better bring a pipe, B
We ain't fighting
I think she like me, exciting, ooh, so exciting
Fuck me, Bentley coupe I'm riding with a thottie, fuck
I just spent a hundred on my watch piece, fuck
I done fell in love with a thottie, fuck
She just wanna fuck me for my clout, fuck
Bitch, I'm off the lean I crash the Audi, fuck
Might just spend 200 on this Audi, truck
You might also like
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me, talk
Woke up to niggas soundin' like me, talk
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me, talk
Woke up to niggas soundin' like me, talk
I woke up to niggas soundin' like me
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me
Woke up to niggas soundin' like me
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me

Oh, I think they like me, yeah, in my white tee
Oh, no, no, no, baby, smoke so much dope need some Visine
These young nigga don't like me, but act just like me (Why?)
Fucked all of y'all bitches so they parties don't invite me
That bitch, that's your wifey, she so triflin'
I been gettin' money so don't nothin' really excite me
Carti poured a six in the four of the right lean
Damn, that boy askin' for some more like the Sprite clean
Yeah, that's that dirty, that's that dirty
That girl all up in my face like she ain't tried to swerve me
These boys all up in my lane, I swear they keep on merging
No, I cannot see a lame 'cause my Rolls-Royce got curtains

Woke up to niggas talkin' like me, talk
Woke up to niggas soundin' like me, talk
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me, talk
Woke up to niggas soundin' like me, talk
I woke up to niggas soundin' like me
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me
Woke up to niggas soundin' like me
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me
Oh, I think they like me, think she like me
The bitch want to indict me, she can't find me
I'm like dirty up the Sprite please, with some ice please
We pop beans and like to sip lean, oh oh
Xans, Percs, molly, we got hella things
I'm in love with the guap, gave it a wedding ring
And I swear I had these thots before I got the fame
And I swear I had the Glock before I got the chain
I'm in Bompton with Pirus and I don't even bang, yeah (Slatt)
Shoutout G Weed and Yung L, yeah, ho, that the gang
Shoutout GiGi that's my boo, she know that I claim
Shootin' at these niggas like I'm in the paint
Woke up like this

Woke up to niggas talkin' like me, talk
Woke up to niggas soundin' like me, talk
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me, talk
Woke up to niggas soundin' like me, talk
I woke up to niggas soundin' like me
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me
I woke up to niggas soundin' like me
Woke up to niggas talkin' like me157Embed
Yo, Pi'erre, you wanna come out here?
Uh

In New York I Milly Rock (Rock)
Hide it in my sock (Sock)
Runnin' from an opp (Opp)
And I shoot at opp (Opp), uh, uh (What?)
And I'm on the block (What?), uh, uh (What? What?)
And I'm on the block (What?)
In New York I Milly Rock (Hello?)
Hide it in my sock (What?)
Hide it in my sock (What?)
Sellin' that rerock (What? Woah, what? What? Uh, what? What?)
In New York I Milly Rock (Ooh)
Hide it in my sock (Woah)
Used to sell rerock (What?)
Runnin' from the cops (Woah)
Shootin' at these opps (Woah)

Yo, Pi'erre, you wanna come out here? (Woah)
Shootin' at these opps (What?)
'Cause I run they block (What?), uh
Give me top (Top), uh, in my drop-top
All these hoes gon' flock (Flock, flock)
When I drop, yeah (Drop, drop)
All these hoes gon' flock (Flock, flock)
When I drop, yeah (Drop, drop)
All these hoes gon' flock (Flock, flock)
When I drop, uh (Drop, drop)
Woo, woo, woo, woo (Beep)
Woo, woo (Beep), woo, woo (Beep)
All these hoes want cash (Cash)
All these hoes want bags, uh
Fuckin' on your bitch (Beep), uh
I'm her dad (Yeah), uh
All these niggas sound like Cash, sound like Cash (Blah)
I'm a soldier, ooh (What?)
Damn, I thought I told you, ooh (What?)
Shootin' like a soldier, ooh (Beep)
Like I'm from Magnolia, ooh (What?)
All these niggas (What? What?) always fold (What? What?)
Big bank (What? What?) never fold (What?)
I'm sippin' Act' (What?), fill that shit slowly (Hello?)
Bitches on me (What? Beep) say she like my clothin' (Yeah)
I'm in London (What?) Yung Carti global (What?)
Designer is on me (Phew) call it dirty laundry (Phew)
All these bitches want Yung Carti (What?), Yung Carti (Yeah)
Ayy, Yung Carti, Yung Carti, what? (Hop in the bit', hop in the bit')
Yung Carti, Yung Carti (What? What? Hold on), yeah
All of your bitches, they loose, hold on
All of your bitches, they loose, hold on (Yeah)
All of my bitches, they rich, hold on
And they stay rockin' that Rick, hold on
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Uh, what? What? Hold on, what? What? Uh (Yeah)
Rich, rich (Rich)
Cash Carti, bitch (Bitch)
Rich, bitch (Hold on)
Got a rich clique (Hold on)
I'm suckin' on the clit (Hold on)
She suckin' on the dick (Yeah)
Give that ho a tip (Yeah)
Told her, "Buy some kicks" (Kicks)
Ooh, then I brush my teeth (What?)
Hop up in the whip
Glocky in the whip (Skrrt; glocky)
Glocky in the whip (Yeah)
And I'm cocky, fuckin' on a thotty
She just wanna plot me, bitch can't stop me (Stop me)
I'm ridin' in a Masi (What? Masi)
This ain't even my Masi (Nah)
Hope that's not your thotty (What?)
Your bitch look like a auntie (What?)
Walked in with Ashanti (What?)
Damn, that look like 'Shanti (What?)
Damn, that look like Carti (Yeah-yeah)
I think that be Yung Carti
Heard he spent a hundred on a fuckin' watch piece, that's filthy (Phew, what? Woah, woah)
You might also like
In New York I Milly Rock (What?)
Hide it in my sock (What? What?)
Runnin' from an opp (What? What?)
And I shoot at opp (What? What?), uh, uh (Phew)
And I'm on the block (Phew), uh, uh (Hello?)
And I'm on the block (What?)
In New York I Milly Rock (What?)
Hide it in my sock (What?)
Hide it in my sock (Sock)
Sellin' that rerock (Rerock)
What? What? (What?)
What? Uh, what?
In New York I Milly Rock (What?)
Hide it in my sock (What?)
Use to sell rerock, uh
Runnin' from the cops, uh
Shootin' at these opps

You know what I'm sayin'?
Yo (Yeah), Pi'erre, you wanna come out here?
Bitch ass nigga, fuck that nigga, man178Embed
(We lit, bruh)
Yeah (Hello?)
I'm with Dro, got that pack goin' for the low (Woah, hello?)
(I wake up to bad bitches, know what I'm sayin'? 2900 shit)
What? What? Uh (Cash, cash), huh? (Cash, cash)
(Blood Gang)
I think the Xans' tryna tell me something (Cash, what?)
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)

I came in with a cool hundred (Huh? Came in with a cool hundred)
(Blatt, blatt, blatt, blatt)
And I got some bitches comin' (Yeah, and I got some bitches comin')
(Blatt, blatt, blatt, blatt)
And I got some bitches callin' (What?)
(Blatt, blatt, blatt, blatt)
Uh, yeah (Yeah)

I'm with Dro, got that pack goin' for the low (Woah, for the low, blatt)
Sell a P, sell a O, sell it for the low (For the low, go)
If she top, I'm in love, I'ma let it go (I'm in love, blatt)
Let it go on your block, we gon' do a show (Let it go)

Let it go on your block, I'ma do a show (Blatt, blatt, yeah)
He a pussy, he a opp, he gon' call the po' (Yeah)
All my niggas, they on go, they on fuckin' go (What?)
Got the pole with the scope, know I keep a pole (Wow)
Why these niggas, why these mans actin' like some hoes? (Yeah)
In my Ksubi jeans (Fuck these niggas)
Uh, bankroll, bankroll, bankroll (Fuck these niggas, yeah)
That bitch all on me (What? Go)
TerRio, TerRio, TerRio (What?)
Got a stripper bitch that bend on me (Cash, cash)
J. Lo, J. Lo, J. Lo
(Came in, what? What?)
(I think the Xans tryna tell me something)
You might also like
I came in with a cool hundred (I came in with a cool hundred)
And I got some bitches comin' (And I got some bitches callin')
And I got some bitches callin' (And I got some bitches callin', Huh? Ooh, what? What?)
Yeah (Yeah)

I'm with Dro, got that pack goin' for the low (For the low, blatt)
Sell a P, sell a O, sell it for the low (Yeah, blatt)
If she top, I'm in love, I'ma let it go (Blatt, blatt)
Let it go on your block, we gon' do a show (Do a show, uh, ooh)

Fuck that bitch, I go too dumb (Blatt)
Rick Owens on top of ones
We don't do no one-on-ones (Blatt)
Put that Xanny on your tongue
Rock the show out like a punk
She the type of bitch that love to fuck (Blatt)
Baby, you the chosen one
And, baby, I don't fuck with none
Fell asleep in LA, woke up to the sun, ooh
Fuck my PO, he know I got hella guns (Yeah)
Ooh, and shoutout my OG, he know he keep in one, uh
Fuck that SGP, he know I brung the phonk (Cash, Cash, what?)
Hit him with the pump, leave him in the trunk (Cash)
Uh, would have fucked your baby mama but it stunk (Yeah)
Uh, beat a nigga ass, leave a nigga lumped (Woah, what? What? What?)
I came in with a cool hundred (Blatt, what? What?)
And I got some bitches comin' (Blatt, what? What?)
And I got some bitches callin' (Blatt, ooh, beep, beep, what? What?)
Uh, yeah (Yeah)

I'm with Dro, got that pack goin' for the low (I'm with Dro, blatt)
Sell a P, sell a O, sell it for the low (For the low, blatt)
If she top, I'm in love, I'ma let it go (I'm in love, blatt)
Let it go on your block, we gon' do a show (Woah)
Ooh (Beep)34Embed
(What? Yeah, shit, yeah, woo)
(Uh-huh, mm-hmm, yeah, yeah)

New choppa, new choppa, it came with the beam (Yeah)
Actavis, pouring up lean (Yeah)
Got Flacko, yeah, Rocky, he pass me the beam (Yeah)
I shoot like Hakeem (What? LeBron)
All of these knots in my jeans (Yeah)
Alexander of McQueen (Yeah, yeah)
(Uh-huh, uh-huh, mm-hmm, yeah, yeah)
Diamonds, they lookin' like ice (Yeah)
I whip the ho like I'm Ike (Yeah)
Stack up my cash, I got height (Yeah)
Take advantage of the Sprite (Yeah)
Take the bando, bring the hype (Yeah)
We just go hard in the kitchen (Yeah)
(Uh-huh, uh-huh, mm-hmm, yeah, yeah)
Had to catch up with my bitches (Yeah)
They know that young nigga be living (Yeah, what?)
(Uh-huh, yeah, yeah, mm-hmm, yeah, yeah)

Run it up, run it up, run it up (Beep)
New choppa, new choppa, new choppa, new choppa
New choppa, new choppa, new choppa, new choppa
New choppa, new choppa, new choppa (Yeah)
(Uh-huh, uh-huh, mm-hmm, yeah, yeah)
New chopper, new chopper, new chopper
Run it up, run it up, run it up
I ain't hearing what you say
(New choppa, new choppa, new choppa, new choppa)
I ain't listening to what you say
(Run it up, run it up, run it up)
Get the fuck up out the way
(New choppa, new choppa, new choppa, new choppa)
Go on, let a player play
(New choppa, new choppa, new choppa, new choppa)
Run it up
You might also like
I roll up an L in the lobby
My partner's got wops and it's probably a Glock or a Tommy
From H to the E double hockey sticks
Keep a choppa, chop you if you try me, bitch
Let's see who next on my homi' list
Carti like, "Rocky, you bodied this"
That's my prerogative
Shit on them, that's on my potty list
Accused of being bougie by a snobby bitch
Cops want to ID us
Hope they as fast as my Adidas
She say I'm special, that's obvious
Rich 'cause my ideas
Run up the racks
"For the most part I rap," when they ask what my hobby is
Run it up, not one of them
Rich as fuck, I'm a hundred up
Swipe, swipe, like I'm on a bus
It's A$AP and I ain't one to rush

Run it up, run it up, run it up (Yeah)
(Uh-huh, uh-huh, mm-hmm, yeah, yeah)
New choppa, new choppa, new choppa, new choppa (Yeah)
(Uh-huh, uh-huh, mm-hmm, yeah, yeah)
New choppa, new choppa, new choppa, new choppa
New choppa, new choppa, new choppa, new choppa
Run it up, run it up, run it up
I ain't hearing what you say
(New choppa, new choppa, new choppa, new choppa)
I ain't listening to what you say
(Run it up, run it up, run it up)
Get the fuck up out the way
(New choppa, new choppa, new choppa, new choppa)
Go on, let a player play
(Run it up)
New choppa, new choppa, new choppa, new choppa
New choppa, new choppa, new choppa, new choppa (Run it up, run it up)
New choppa, new choppa, new choppa, new choppa (What? Chop, bitch)
New choppa, new choppa, new choppa, new choppa
(New choppa, new choppa, new choppa, new choppa)72Embed
100% Juice
KasimGotJuice
Uh (J. Cash Beats), ooh, ooh

All of these bitches, they mad, ooh
All of these niggas, they mad, ooh
All of these bitches, they mad, ooh
All of these niggas, they mad, ooh
I walk in the bank and I laugh, ooh (Shawty be bad)
I walk in the bank and I laugh, ooh (Shawty be mad)
I walk in the bank and I laugh, ooh (Shawty be bad)
Ooh, ooh, walk with a bag, ooh (Shawty be mad)
Sad, ooh, sad, ooh, mad, ooh (Shawty be bad)
All of these niggas, they mad, ooh (Shawty be mad)
All of these niggas, they mad, ooh (Shawty be bad)
Walk in the buildin', I flex on that boy (Shawty be mad)
I flex on that boy with the bag, ooh (Shawty be bad)
Ice on my neck and my mama like:
"Boy, where you get all of that cash?" (Shawty be bad)

I got the bag (Ooh), ice on my wrist
Mama like, "Where you get this?"
I got her sad (Ooh), gave her a brick
Then I gave her a lil' kiss (Ooh)
Yeah, I rock out in the six (Six)
But nigga, we fire, we split
I'm takin' your shit, you college kid (Ooh)
We really be poppin' shit (Ooh)
I hit a lick, no kid (Ooh)
I had a lick but no bih' (Ooh)
She suck me up like a tick (Ooh)
Damn my weed smell like a pit (Ooh)
He do that talkin', he simp (Ooh)
Damn, that bitch got a lil' thick (Ooh)
I told that bitch to come in (Ooh)
I told that bitch to come in (Ooh)
You might also like
All of these bitches, they mad (Ooh)
All of these niggas, they mad (Ooh)
All of these bitches, they mad (Ooh)
All of these niggas, they mad (Ooh)
I walk in the bank and I laugh (Ooh, shawty be bad)
I walk in the bank and I laugh (Ooh, shawty be mad)
I walk in the bank and I laugh (Ooh, shawty be bad)
Ooh, ooh, walk with a bag (Ooh, shawty be mad)
Sad, ooh, sad, ooh, mad (Ooh, shawty be bad)
All of these niggas, they mad (Ooh, shawty be mad)
All of these niggas, they mad (Ooh, shawty be bad)
Walk in the buildin', I flex on that boy (Shawty be mad)
I flex on that boy with the bag (Ooh, shawty be bad)
Ice on my neck and my mama like: (Shawty be mad)
"Boy, where you get all of that cash?" (Ayy, shawty be bad)

Yeah, who the fuck is you talkin' to, nigga?
The fuck you think this is?
You think 'cause you got a couple dollars you a fuckin' playboy? Nigga, you ain't no fuckin' playboy, nigga
You ain't nothin', nigga
Fuck outta here, Carti
Fuck outta here with the bullshit, dog (J. Cash on the beat)
Don't call my phone with that shit, my nigga (You sound real mad right now)
Real mad? (You sound real mad right now)
Nigga, I don't ever get mad (Is you mad or what?)
This nigga trippin'
Is you mad or what?
Is you mad or what?
Girl, that's bad for us (Is you mad or what?)
Say you mad for once (Is you mad or what?)
Said she had enough (Is you mad or what?)
Girl, that's bad for us (Is you mad or what?)
She came back for once (Is you mad or what?)
Yeah it's probably done (Is you mad or what?)
She gon' back that ass  (Is you mad or what?)
I'm gonna spaz for us (Yeah, yeah, uh) (Is you mad or what?)
Girl, that's bad for us (Yeah-yeah) (Is you mad or what?)
Say you mad for once (Just say you're mad girl) (Is you mad or what?)
Said she had enough (Yeah) (Is you mad or what? What, what)
Girl, that's bad for us (Is you mad or what? Watch)

I guess you're not feelin' me, uh (What?)
Not feelin' the energy
Baby girl, we can do plan A (Is you mad or what?)
Baby girl, we can do plan B (Bleh)
I walk in that bitch, they playin' my shit (Is you mad or what? Bleh)
Walk in that bitch, eyes on the kicks (Bleh)
Walk in that bitch, eyes on the fit (Is you mad or what?)
I look at your bitch, then blow her a kiss, mwah, ooh (Wow, wow)
I got that deuce in the coupe, huh (Wow, ooh)
Got a white bitch like YesJulz, huh (Is you mad or what?)
All of my niggas, they fool, huh (Mad or what? Yeah, what? Yeah)
Look at that boy, look at his jewels (What? What?)
All of my niggas, they bool, huh (Mad or what? Yeah, what?)
Louboutins bleed in the booth, ooh (Is you mad?  What? What?)
These niggas, they lookin' like who? Cash, Cash, Cash
My outfit just made the front page
Hop off the plane, I run to the stage, yeah, ooh
Your hoe gettin' laid, Yeah, ayy
She might come in late (Yeah)
I heard that your nigga Atlanta (I heard that your nigga Atlanta)
I heard that your nigga LA (I heard that your nigga LA)
I heard that your nigga a lame (I heard that your nigga a lame, JCash)
Might sing on a bitch (Ayy)
Might sing on this shit
Might sing on a bitch
I might just sing on this shit
I might just sing on this shit
I might sing on this shit (Oh, woah)
I might just sing on this shit (I might just sing on this shit, yeah, what?)32Embed
You know what I'm sayin'
Young pretty-ass nigga, you know
Young handsome ass nigga, you know
Pretty nigga, you dig?

Shawty wanna ball with the team (Team, what? What?)
Money sittin' tall, Yao Ming (What? Beep)
Shawty wanna kick it with the team (What? What?)
I got all this guap on me (Guap, guap, guap, guap)
Shawty wanna ball with the team (Team, guap, guap)
Money sittin' tall, Yao Ming (What?)

Guap, guap (What?)
Guap, guap (What?)
Guap, guap (What?)
Guap, guap (What? What? What?)
Guap, guap (What?)
Guap, guap (What?)
Guap, guap (What?)
Guap, guap (What? What? What? What? What?)

Uh, shawty wanna ball with the team (Team, what?)
Money sittin' tall, Yao Ming (What? What?)
I'm countin' all this guap on me (What? What?)
Countin' all this guap, you know what I mean? (You know what I mean, nigga, check it, what?)
Sippin' on that motherfuckin' lean (What? What?)
Promethazine, motherfuckin' lean (Purple, motherfuckin' 'Tech, Actavis)
Niggas watered down like some fuckin' chlorine (What? What?)
Bitch, it's Lord of the Rings (Beep, ice, ice)
Diamonds lookin' like summertime (Look at the ice, look at the ice, ice)
Tryna bite my flow and my rhymes (Look at the ice, ice, you got that shit, you got that shit)
I thought I told that ho the world is mines (Look at the ice, ice, what? What?)
I just took his bitch like a crime (Look at the ice, what? What? What? What?)
You might also like
Shawty wanna ball with the team (Team, ball with the team, ball with the)
Money sittin' tall, Yao Ming (What? Money sittin' tall, Yao Ming)
Shawty wanna kick it with the team (What? Team, what?)
I got all this guap on me (Guap, guap)
Shawty wanna ball with the team (Team, Guap, guap, guap, guap)
Money sittin' tall, Yao Ming (What? Guap, guap, guap, guap, guap, guap, beep)

(Fuckin' on that swoop, fuckin' on that ho)
Ooh, fuckin' on that swoop, fuckin' on that ho (What?)
Fucked her in the coupe (Yeah), then she popped the blue (Yeah-yeah)
Woah, ooh (Yeah), South Atlanta goon (Yeah)
RIP Troup (What? What? What? What? Beep)
At the Citgo (What?), you know how it go (Gas)
Count them big bankrolls (What?), and she on the pole
And she came a long way from the stripper pole, that my ho (Yeah)
And I came a long way from kickin' doors, that's on bro (What? look at the ice)

Shawty wanna ball with the team (Ball with the team, ball with the)
Money sittin' tall, Yao Ming (Money sittin' tall, Yao Ming)
Shawty wanna kick it with the team (What? Team)
I got all this guap on me (Guap, guap)
Shawty wanna ball with the team (Team)
Money sittin' tall, Yao Ming (What? What? What? What?)
Fuckin' on that swoop, fuckin' on that ho
Fuckin' on that swoop, fuckin' on that ho
Fuckin' on that swoop, fuckin' on that ho
Fuckin' on that swoop, fuckin' on that ho
Fuckin' on that swoop, fuckin' on that ho25Embed
And I only fuck with thick hoes
White ho, let's go, ayy, that's my type, though (That's my type)
Yeah, white ho, yeah, yeah, let's go, (What? What?)
White ho, yeah, yeah, let's go
(And I only fuck with)
Ooh, ooh, ooh (Yeah)

And I only fuck with rich hoes (And I only fuck with, yeah)
And I only fuck with thick hoes, ooh, yeah (And I only fuck with)
White ho, yeah ooh, uh
Let's go, ooh, yeah
White ho, yeah, ooh
Let's go, ooh, yeah (Yeah)
And I only fuck with thick hoes, ooh, yeah (And I only fuck with, yeah)
And I only fuck with thick hoes, ooh, yeah (And I, yeah, yeah)
Black ho, ooh, yeah
Let's go, ooh, what? (Let's go)
Black ho, yeah, yeah
Let's go

Ooh, she just need a nigga, uh, with a check, though, ooh, yeah
Movin' too slow, move to the left, ho, ooh
Movin' too slow, move to the left, ho, ooh, yeah
Hurry up, we hoppin' on this jet though, ooh, ooh
And I only fuck with thick hoes, ooh, uh (And I only fuck with)
I'm a skinny nigga, you see these tight clothes, ooh, ooh
Piped up, yeah, I'm piped, ho (Piped up), ooh
Come and get piped for the night, ho, ooh, ooh (For the night ho)
Designer drugs and I need some ice, ho, ooh, ooh
A lot of hoes, yeah, I need some condoms, ooh, ooh
Fuckin' with Yung Carti, you'll get high, ho, ooh, ooh (You get high)
(808 Mafia)
You ridin' too slow, are you high, ho? (Are you high ho? Skrrt)
Ooh, ooh, uh (Slow, yeah)
Are you high, ho?
Come and sip some drank, pop some pills
Come get high, ho (Are you high?)
We be on a jet, we so high
We on fly mode (We so high)
I be flexin' on these niggas, pop
But they pop mode
Ooh, what? Yeah, uh, uh
With my eyes closed
Ooh, what? Ooh, ooh, ooh
I'm on Bang Bros
Ooh, what? Ooh, ooh, ooh
I got hella hoes
I got hella hoes, ooh, yeah (Hella hoes)
Got that nasty flow (Yeah, yeah)
She get nasty though
You might also like
And I only fuck with rich hoes (And I only fuck with, yeah)
And I only fuck with thick hoes, ooh, yeah (And I only fuck with)
White ho, yeah ooh, uh
Let's go, ooh, yeah
White ho, yeah, ooh
Let's go, ooh, yeah (Yeah)
And I only fuck with thick hoes, ooh, yeah (And I only fuck with, yeah)
And I only fuck with thick hoes, ooh, yeah (And I, yeah, yeah)
Black ho, ooh, yeah
Let's go, ooh, what? (Let's go)
Black ho, yeah, yeah
Let's go

Yeah, yeah (Let's go), uh, uh
Ho, I'm flexed up
Lookin' like who next up, uh (Like who next up)
Hold your face up (Hold your face up)
I just got my check up, uh (Got my check up)
Got my cash up (Got my cash up)
You can't get no check, cuz, uh (No check, cuz)
Get your bands up (Get your bands up, ooh, ooh, ooh)
Face down, ass up, yeah, yeah
Walk around the club with your hands up, yeah, yeah (I walk around that shit)
Walk around the club, I'm no dancer, uh, uh (I walk around that bitch)
Keep that pole on me, I might just blam ya, uh, uh (Blatt-blatt-blatt-blatt)
Keep that pole on me, I told him man up, ooh, ooh (Blatt-blatt-blatt)
Walk inside that bitch, I made them stand up, ooh, ooh (Ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh, ooh)
I'm a walkin' lick, bitch, where your camera? Uh, ooh (Where your camera?)
(808 Mafia)
If she want that whole thing, I gave her sample, ooh (I gave her a little though)
The way I stole that bitch like where your man go? Ooh, ooh (I took your lil' ho)
Fuckin' on this bitch inside the bando, ooh, ooh
Suckin' on this dick, they use no hands though, ooh, ooh
I just turned this bitch into my main ho, ooh, yeah
And I only fuck with rich hoes (What? And I only fuck with, yeah)
And I only fuck with thick hoes, ooh, yeah
White ho, ooh, uh
Let's go, ooh, yeah
White ho, yeah, ooh
Let's go, ooh, yeah
And I only fuck with thick hoes, ooh, yeah (Yeah)
And I only fuck with thick hoes, ooh, yeah (And I only fuck with)
Black ho, ooh, yeah
Let's go, ooh, what?
Black ho, yeah, yeah
Let's go, ooh, uh (Lets go)
And I only fuck with rich hoes, ooh, what?
And I only fuck with thick hoes, uh, yeah
White ho, ooh, uh (White ho)
Let's go, ooh, yeah (Let's go)
White ho, yeah, ooh (White ho)
Let's go, ooh, yeah (Let's go)
And I only fuck with thick hoes, ooh, yeah (And I only fuck with thick hoes)
And I only fuck with thick hoes, ooh, yeah (And I only fuck with thick hoes)
Black ho, ooh, yeah
Let's go, ooh, what?
(808 Mafia)
Black ho, yeah, yeah
Let's go
Ooh, ooh, yeah, my main ho
Take that dirty money, ho (Uh, yeah)
To the bank, ho (Yeah, yeah)
First you flip a birdie, ho (Flip a birdie, bitch)
Make a name, ho (Yeah)
I go 730, ho (730, bitch)
On the drank, ho (Yeah, ooh, lean, on me)
Like what you drank, ho? (Yeah)
I pour up that pink, ho, ooh (Up that pink)
Easter pink, though (Ooh, yeah, yeah)
All up in my styrofoam, ooh (Yeah)
I'm on lean, ho (Ooh, ooh, yeah)
She say she so lonely though, ooh (So lonely)
Lean on me, ho (Lean on me)
I might give your bitch the bone, ooh (Bone)
Not no leash, ho (Not no leash)
I just want a little dome, ooh (Dome)
From a freak ho (Yeah, yeah)
I ain't with the cuffin', ho, ooh (Yeah)
That ain't me, ho (That ain't me)
I just like to press a ho, ooh (Press)
Like that me, ho (Ooh, ooh, ooh)
Feel it in your chest, ho, ooh
That's OG, ho (Yeah, yeah)
Think I need a G4, ooh (Yeah, yeah)
This for me, ho (Yeah, yeah)
Designer shit, no cheap clothes, ooh (Yeah)
You a thief, ho (Yeah, yeah)
I throw out the bankroll, ooh (Yeah)
Then that thing go (Yeah, yeah)16Embed
Rock out
Yeah, yeah, rock out
Shoutout 8—808
808
Yeah

This is not pop, this some rock, ayy (Rock out)
This is not pop, this some rock, ayy (This is not pop, this some rock)
This is not pop, this some rock, ayy (This is not pop, this some rock)
This is not pop, this some rock, ayy (This is not pop, this some rock)
Came in that bitch with a Glock, yeah (Came in that bitch with the Glock)
Came in that bitch with a Glock, yeah (Glocky)
Came in that bitch with the Glock, yeah (What? Yeah)
Came in that bitch with the mob, yeah (What? What?)
This is not pop, this some rock, yeah
This is not pop, this some rock, yeah (This is not pop, this some rock)
This is not pop, this some rock, yeah (This is not pop, this some rock)
This is not pop, this some rock, yeah (This is not pop, this some rock)
Came in that bitch with a Glock, ooh (Came in that bitch with the squad)
Came in that bitch with a Glock, yeah (Came in that bitch with the mob)
Came in that bitch with a Glock, yeah (Came in that bitch with the, uh)
Came in that bitch with the mob (Came in that bitch with a, what?)

Came in that bitch with the Glock, yeah
Came in that bitch with the mob, ayy (Glocky)
I poured the lean on the rocks, ayy (What?)
I put the crack in the drop, yeah, ooh (I put the crack in the drop)
Who that lil' boy on the block? Hey (Block)
Up in the trap in the spot, yeah (Spot)
I might go cook in the pot, ayy (Pot)
I might go spit in the pot, yeah (Blatt)
All of these bitches, they wanna fuck Carti 'cause Carti, he got a lil' guap, ooh (All of these bitches, they want to fuck Carti)
Fuck the lil' bitch in my loft, ooh (Loft)
Little bitch lost in my loft, ooh (Little bitch lost in the loft)
Count up three hundred, I'm boss, ooh (Count up three hundred, I'm boss)
I spent the guap on my watch (What?)
Bitch, I'm a boss, call the shots (Shots)
Yeah, hop on the track, change the charts (Charts)
Rock this shit, out no guitar ('Tar)
Hop on the plane on a bar (Rock out, beep)
You bitch, you fuckin' a star (Beep, bitch you fuckin' a star)
Lil' bitch, can't hop in the car (Bitch, can't hop in the car)
Lil' bitch can't be my lil' broad (Broad)
Fuck that lil' bitch, fuck that lil' bitch, pass that lil' bitch to my boy, ooh (What?)
Rockin' that Gucci decor, ooh (Yeah)
You might also like
This is not pop, this some rock, ayy (Rock)
This is not pop, this some rock, ayy (This is not pop, this some rock)
This is not pop, this some rock, ayy (This is not pop, this some rock)
This is not pop, this some rock, ayo (This is not pop, this some rock)
Came in that bitch with a Glock, yeah (Came in that bitch with a Glock)
Came in that bitch with a Glock, yeah (Came in that bitch with the mob, Glocky)
Came in that bitch with the Glock, yeah (This is not pop, this some rock)
Came in that bitch with the mob, yeah (This is not pop, this some rock)
This is not pop, this some rock, yeah (This is not pop, this some rock)
This is not pop, this some rock, yeah (This is not pop, this some rock)
This is not pop, this some rock, yeah (This is not pop, this some rock, Glocky)
This is not pop, this some rock, yeah (This is not pop, this some rock)
Came in that bitch with a Glock, ooh (Came in that bitch with the squad)
Came in that bitch with a Glock, yeah (Came in that bitch with the mob)
Came in that bitch with a Glock, yeah (Came in that bitch with the, uh)
Came in that bitch with the mob (Came in that bitch with a, what?)

Came in that bitch with the Glock with the mob
All of my niggas, they shoot all the time
Came in that bitch but I came with a .9
2900, my niggas, they fire
All of my bitches, they lookin' too fine
All of these bitches, they came and they mine
All of my niggas, they shoot and they fire
If you not right then a nigga get fired
She can come kick just for the night
I'ma go fuck just for the night
Gucci my kicks, came with the spike
Shootin' that shit, feelin' like Spike
Fendi my clothes, Fendi my ho
Fendi my clothes, Fendi my ho
Walk in that bitch feelin' like Dro (Beep)
Walk in that bitch, I just want more, switch it up, uh
I fucked that bitch right 'fore the show, right 'fore the shot, switch it up, uh
I pour a four right 'fore the show, right 'fore the shot, switch it up, uh
I fuck that bitch, I fuck that bitch, pass to my bro, switch it up, uh (Switch it Up)
Count it up, count it up, uh (Yung Carti)
Run it up, run it up, uh (Yung Carti), switch it up
This is not pop, this some rock, ayy (Rock)
This is not pop, this some rock, ayy (This is not pop, this some rock)
This is not pop, this some rock, ayy (This is not pop, this some rock)
This is not pop, this some rock, ayo (This is not pop, this some rock)
Came in that bitch with a Glock, yeah (Came in that bitch with a Glock)
Came in that bitch with a Glock, yeah (Came in that bitch with the mob, Glocky)
Came in that bitch with the Glock, yeah (This is not pop, this some rock)
Came in that bitch with the mob, yeah (This is not pop, this some rock)
This is not pop, this some rock, yeah (This is not pop, this some rock)
This is not pop, this some rock, yeah (This is not pop, this some rock)
This is not pop, this some rock, yeah (This is not pop, this some rock, Glocky)
This is not pop, this some rock, yeah (This is not pop, this some rock)
Came in that bitch with a Glock, ooh (Came in that bitch with the squad)
Came in that bitch with a Glock, yeah (Came in that bitch with the mob)
Came in that bitch with a Glock, yeah (Came in that bitch with the, uh)
Came in that bitch with the mob (Came in that bitch with a, what?)

This is not pop, this some rock (Glocky)
This is not pop, this some rock (What?)
I poured the lean on the rocks (What? Glocky)
I poured the lean on the rocks (Beep)
I poured the lean on the rocks (What? What? Beep, yeah, yeah)
(I poured the lean on the…)24Embed
Yeah, trippin', yeah

You on some other shit, uh (You trippin')
You on some other shit, uh (You trippin')
I be on other shit, what?
You on some other shit (What?)
The clip, it came with a clip (What?)
My bitch, she came with a bitch, yeah (What?)
Whip, it came with the whip, what? (What?)
You on some other shit, yeah, what? What? (Wow)
I be on other shit, what? What? What? (Wow)
I be on other shit, yeah, what? What? (Wow)
You on some other shit, yeah, ooh, what? (Wow)
You on some other shit

Ayy, the clip came with a clip, uh (What?)
Your bitch came with a bitch
Saggin' my jeans in this bitch, yeah, yeah (Saggin' my jeans in this bitch)
Walk with a limp, ayy (Walk with a limp)
All of them dig on the squad, ooh, yeah, ayy (Countin' that cash on a bitch)
Look at the squad
All of my niggas got cash, ooh, yeah, ayy. (Countin' that cash on a bitch)
Dealin' that hard
All of my niggas got Rollies, ooh, yeah, ayy. (What? What?)
Lookin' like frauds
Look at that bag of that cash, ooh, yeah, ayy (Look at that bag of that cash)
Ain't lookin' at y'all, ooh, uh (Look at that bag of that cash), what?
Gettin' it in, sendin' it out, uh, uh, uh (What? What?)
Cookin' that shit, the In & Out, uh (Wow, wow, wait, wait, wait, wait)
(Yeah, trippin', yeah)
You might also like
You on some other shit, uh
You on some other shit, uh
I be on other shit, uh
You on some other shit, uh (Yeah)
You on some other shit, yeah, what? What? (Wow)
I be on other shit, what? What? What? (Wow)
I be on other shit, uh, what? What? (Wow)
You on some other shit, yeah, uh, what? (Yeah, yeah, yeah, what?)
You on some other shit

Ooh, I'm on some other shit, uh (You trippin')
Takin' my time and shit, ooh (You trippin')
Got money for bond and shit, ooh (What?)
Totin' my 9 and shit, ooh (What?)
Walk in designer, bitch, yeah
Walk in and tryin' on shit, ooh
I walked then I walked to the bitch, uh
Walked in and bought the whole kit, uh
I'm on some other shit (Shit)
You on some other shit (Shit)
You on some other shit, uh (Yeah)
You on some other shit, uh
I be on other shit, uh
You on some other shit, uh
You on some other shit, yeah, what? What? (What? Wow)
I be on other shit, what? What? What? (I been, wow)
I be on other shit, uh, what? What? (Wow)
You on some other shit, yeah, uh, what? (Yeah, yeah)
You on some other shit11Embed
(Yeah)
Oxycontin
Xans (Xans), Molly (Lean)
Carti (Yeah), Carti, ooh (Cash)
Carti (Cash), Carti (Yeah)
Gang (Gang), with me (With me)
Flacko (Flacko), Bari (Bari)
Switch (Switch), lanes (Lanes, skrrt)
Bentley, 'Rari ('Rari)

(Damn, J Stew, you made this one too?)
(Beep, beep)
(Beep, beep)
Uh (Yeah)
Lil' nigga countin' up (Up)

Big guap (Guap), Carti up (Up)
Lil' shawty wanna fuck (Fuck)
I'm in Lenox countin' up (Up)
Fuck a bitch, tell her fuck (Yeah)
Yeah, yeah (Yeah), yeah (Yeah), yeah (Yeah)
Number 9 (What?), keep it tucked (Yeah)
Number (N)ine jeans, yeah (Yeah)
Got a bitch fiendin', yeah (Uh)
You might also like
Fendi, Prada
Look, shawty (Shawty)
Spend a quarter million on some molly (Molly)
Might just fuck me a model (Model)
Poppin' bottles all the time (Ooh)
Little nigga, stop whinin' (Yeah)
I just fucked his bitch, yeah, yeah
We just got some new shit
We gon' hit 'em with that stick (Yeah, shit)
Pull up on your block quick (Quick)
QuikTrip, how I keep a zip (Zip)
I got all the gas (Gas)
I got all the pills (Pills)
Niggas simp (Simp)
Carti pimp (Pimp)

Big guap (Guap), Carti up (Up)
Lil' shawty wanna fuck (Fuck)
I'm in Lenox countin' up (Up)
Fuck a bitch, tell her fuck (Yeah)
Yeah, yeah (Yeah), yeah (Yeah), yeah (Yeah)
Number 9 (What?), keep it tucked (Yeah)
Number (N)ine jeans, yeah (Yeah)
Got a bitch fiendin', yeah (Uh)
Oxycontin
Xans (Xans), Molly (Lean)
Carti (Yeah), Carti, ooh (Cash)
Carti (Cash), Carti (Yeah)
Gang (Gang), with me (With me)
Flacko (Flacko), Bari (Bari)
Switch (Switch), lanes (Lanes)
Bentley (Skrrt), 'Rari, ooh ('Rari)

Poppin' painkillers, yeah, yeah
I just poured a four inside the liter, yeah, yeah
And your bitch just said she need a real nigga, yeah, yeah
Raf Simons that's on me, bitch, no Hilfiger, yeah, yeah
I was on the block 'til I got up, nigga ('Til I got up), yeah
If your bitch gon' fuck she gon' get stuck, nigga, yeah, yeah
Told her hurry up, we gotta rush, nigga (Gotta rush)
'Cause these niggas snitchin' on the up niggas (On the up), yeah, yeah (Up)

Big guap (Guap), Carti (Carti), up (Up)
Lil' shawty (Shawty), wanna fuck (Fuck)
I'm in Lenox (Lenox), countin' up (Up)
Fuck a bitch (Bitch), tell her fuck (Yeah)
Yeah, yeah (Yeah), yeah (Yeah), yeah (Yeah)
Number 9 (What?), keep it tucked (Yeah)
Number (N)ine ((N)ine), jeans, yeah (Yeah)
Got a bitch (Bitch), fiendin', yeah (Uh)28Embed
(Yo, Pi'erre, you wanna come out here?)
Ayy, turn me all the way up (I'm in this motherfucker)
Turn that, take the Auto-Tune off
I don't need no fuckin' Auto-Tune
Fuck the Auto-Tune (Fuck that Auto-Tune shit)
Beep (What?)
Beep (Yeah)
Beep (Talk to 'em, Yung Carti)
Beep, beep, beep
What?
Yeah, yeah

And I'd rather not talk about it, just do that shit
Got these bitches sayin', "Yeah, he do that shit"
Got these bitches sayin', "Yeah, he do that shit," uh
Got these niggas sayin', "Yeah, he do that shit," ooh, uh
Suckin' on my dick like she new to this, yeah, ooh
Blowin' through the check, yeah, we new to this
And I'd rather not talk about it, just do that shit, uh
And I'd rather not talk about it, just do that shit (Beep, what?)
And I'd rather not talk about it, just do that shit (What?)
Got them bitches sayin', "Yeah, he do that shit," (Yeah, he do that shit), ooh, ooh
Suckin' on my dick like she new to this (Like she new to this), uh, what?
Blowin' through the check, yeah, I'm new to this (Way I do this shit), uh, what?
Runnin' shit back like a frisbee, bitch, uh, uh (Run that shit, yeah)
Bring that shit back like a frisbee, bitch, uh (Like a frisbee, bitch)
And I'd rather not talk about it, just do that shit (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
And I'd rather not talk about it, just live this shit (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
And I'd rather not talk about it just shoot the shit, yeah, ooh
Got these niggas sayin', "Yeah, he do that shit"
And he'd rather go talk about it than do this shit
Pull up on your block and we shootin' shit (And we shootin' shit, ayy Pi'erre)
Pull up on your bitch and I'm hittin' it (Doo-doo-doo-doo-doo-doo, oh yeah)
Hittin' on your bitch, yeah, I'm killin' it (On your bitch, yeah)
And I'd rather not talk about it, just do that shit (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
And I'd rather not talk about it, just do it (Lil' talkin' bitch)
Hit a lil' nigga with the Ruger (Watch me shoot a bitch)
Hit a lil' nigga with the Ruger (What? What? What?)
Lil' nigga, I'm that nigga, yeah (What? What?)
I'm fuckin' on your lil' biddie, yeah (What? What?)
I wear Raf Simons, never Hilfiger, yeah (At all, what?)
South Atlanta, yeah, we comin' up, uh, ooh, ooh (What?)
Put your middle fingers up, ooh, ooh
Pour it in my double cup (Lean, lean)
Extendo clip, double up (Beep)
And I'd rather not talk about it, just shoot it up (What? What?)
Fuck that lil' nigga, fuck a nigga up (Yeah)
Fuck the cash up, fuck the cash up, I fuck the cash up
Fuck the cash up, get the math up, math up
(What? What? What? What?)
Oh yeah, yeah, hey (What? What?)
Pi'erre, hold up (What?)
Oh yeah, yeah, hold up (What?)
Pi'erre (What?), cash
Oh yeah, yeah (What?)
Pi'erre (What?)
Oh yeah, yeah (What?)
Pi'erre (What? What?)
You might also like
And I'd rather not talk about it, nigga, uh (Beep, what?)
And I'd rather not talk about it, just do this shit (Yeah)
And I'd rather not talk about it (Talk about it)
Got these niggas sayin', "Yeah, he do that shit" (What?)
Got these bitches sayin', "Yeah, he do that shit" (What? What?)
Got these niggas sayin', "Yeah, he do that shit" (Carti do that shit)
Got these bitches sayin', "Yeah, he do that shit" (Carti do that shit, what? What?)
Got these, uh (What? What? Oh yeah, do that shit)
And I'd rather not talk about it just do that shit
Carti do that shit (What? What? What?)
Carti do that shit (What?)
Let's do this shit
Yo, Pi'erre23Embed
I ain't fuckin' with these lame niggas (What? Uh, what?)
I heard you talkin' to them lame niggas (What? What? What? What? Woo)
I see you walkin' with that lame nigga (What? What? What? Lame)
I heard you stallin' with a lame nigga (What? What? What? What? Lame)
I ain't fuckin' with these lame niggas (What? What? Yeah, yeah, yeah, hello? What? What?)
I ain't fuckin' with these lame niggas (What? What? Yeah, yeah, yeah, woo, what?)
I see you stallin' with a lame nigga (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, what? What?)
Ho, stop callin' up them lame niggas

Ho, stop chillin' with them lame niggas
Kickin' it with them lame niggas (Lames)
Fuckin' with them lame bitches (Lame)
Tryna fuck for fame bitches (What? What? Woo, ooh)
Tryna fuck for fame bitches (Ayy, what?)
Tryna fuck Carti 'cause he famous (Uh, ooh, yeah, ooh)
She in love with the dick too (Too, oh)
Bitch, I got a ruler, feel like Uzi (Uzi, oh)
And I bought a Uzi (Ooh), boy, don't lose it (Lose it, ooh)
Bitch, I'm off the Xanny (Ooh), I just lose it (Ooh)
Bitch, my pockets stupid thick (Ooh)
Pockets thicker than my bitch (Ooh)
Pockets thicker than your bitch, ooh, ooh
That's your bih' (Come here, yeah, ooh)
You sure that's your bih'? (Huh, yeah)
I fucked that bih' (Come here, yeah, yeah, come here, uh, yeah)
I fucked that bih' (Bih', yeah, what? What?)
You might also like
I ain't fuckin' with these lame niggas (What? Uh, woo)
I heard you talkin' to them lame niggas (What? What? What? What?)
I see you walkin' with that lame nigga (What? Seen you walkin', what? What? Hello?)
I heard you stallin' with a lame nigga (What? What? Heard you stallin' with a lame nigga, what? What?)
I ain't fuckin' with these lame niggas (What? What? I ain't fuckin' with these lame niggas What? What?)
I ain't fuckin' with these lame niggas (What? What? What? What? Ooh)
I see you stallin' with a lame nigga (See you stallin' with a lame nigga, what? What?)
Ho, stop callin' up them lame niggas

Ho, stop chillin' with them lame bitches (What? What?)
Tryna fuck for fame bitches (Fame)
I swear to God, I keep fuckin' the same bitches
Fuck all of these rapper hoes
Fuck all of these rappers though
Robbed a nigga for rapper dough (What?)
Then I count some rapper dough
Uh, I don't want to fuck these hoes
I don't even want to fuck these hoes
Damn, this shit so radical
Damn, my shit so radical
Ray Allen, I shoot at you (What?)
Ray Allen, she down to stroke (Uh, What? What?)
Used to rock them ballies though (Uh, What? What? Ooh)
House up in the Cali, ho (What? What? What?)
Fuckin' on a Cali ho (Yeah, what? Yeah, Ooh)
Bitch, just check the saly', ho (Uh, what? What? What?)
Eatin' good, that salad, ho (Yeah, yeah, what? What? What?)
I ain't fuckin' with these lame niggas (What? What? What?)
I heard you talkin' to them lame niggas (What? What? Woo)
I see you walkin' with that lame nigga (Seen you walkin', what? Hello?)
I heard you stallin' with a lame nigga (Heard you stallin' with a lame nigga)
I ain't fuckin' with these lame niggas (Hello?)
I ain't fuckin' with these lame niggas (Woo)
I see you stallin' with a lame nigga (What? What? What?)
Ho, stop callin' up them lame niggas (What? What? What?)20Embed
Yeah
Now
Now is my time
Now is my time
(That-that-that-that-that-that be Maaly Raw)

Everybody rock with me because I'm up now
Took your girl and I'ma score like I made the touchdown
Swervin' in that Lambo', doors go up, not on a bus now
Used to want a G-Shock, now I'm walking with a bustdown
Pull up and I'm flooded with a iced out watch
Whip, it look like butter, baby, pecan drop
Pecan drop, put that four in Sun Drop
Stack my knots, count a lot, saw a lot
Got them rocks, diamond rocks, whip the pot
Suicide, 1600, that's the block
Hit your girl, that's check-free
She ain't used to text me
Now she wanna caress me
She keep tryna neck me
I gotta tell my bestie
Someone call my bestie
Think I found my bestie
Link up, make a check bleed
You know that I'm smokin' dope, I'll be high 'til next week
Know I had to let her go 'cause she can't arrest me
You might also like
Uh, woke up with my toolie, what it do? Huh, uh
Meet me in the alley with the troops, uh
I got red shooters, I got blue, huh, yeah
Let that thing down and point at you, huh, uh
Bentley or the 'Rari, ho, let's choose, ooh
We gon' rob the bank, bring the loot, uh, uh
We gon' take these boys back to school, uh
Money on the floor just like some shoes

Uh, money on the floor just like some shoes, yeah
I'ma fuck your thot, she just a swoop, hah, yeah
I'ma fuck your thot, she just a swoop, hah, yeah
And I love my goons, yeah
And I love my tool (Yeah), yeah (Yeah)
And I love my loot (What?), yeah
Fuck with me and you gon' lose (What?)
Don't talk to me, just talk to my lil' dude
Don't talk to me, just talk to my lil' dude

Uh, woke up with my toolie, what it do? Huh, uh
Meet me in the alley with the troops, uh
I got red shooters, I got blue, huh, yeah
Let that thing down and point at you, huh, uh
Bentley or the 'Rari, ho, let's choose, ooh
We gon' rob the bank, bring the loot, uh, uh
We gon' take these boys back to school, uh
Money on the floor just like some shoes96Embed
Drop top
Drop top, VLONE, drop top (You know what I'm sayin'?)
Drop top, drop top (I got niggas out here killin' each other for VLONE hoodies, you dig?)
Drop top, VLONE, drop top
Drop top, VLONE, drop top
Drop top, wild on wide top (Slatt)
Drop top, VLONE, drop top
Drop top, VLONE, wide top
Drop top, VLONE, drop top
Drop top, VLONE, wide top
Drop top, VLONE, drop top

Pull up (What?)
Pull up (Uh, what? Huh)
Pull up (Uh, what? Huh)
Pull up (Uh, what? Huh)
Beep (Uh, what? Huh)
Beep (Uh, what? Huh)
Beep (Uh, what? Huh)
Beep (Uh, what? Huh)
Pull up (Uh, what? Huh)
Pull up (Uh, huh, uh)
Pull up (Uh, what? Huh)
Pull up (Uh, what? Huh)
Beep (Uh, uh, uh)
Beep (Uh, what? Huh)
Beep (Uh, what? Uh)
Beep (Uh, what? Yeah)
You might also like
Pull up (Uh, what?)
Pull up (Uh, what? Uh)
Check it out (Uh, what? Yeah)
Pull up (Uh, skrrt)
All of these niggas, they talk (Talk)
All of these niggas, they talk (Talk)
All of my choppers, they talk (Talk)
All of my choppers, they talk (Huh?)
Check it out (Check it out)
Forty-five clip in the SAW (SAW)
All of these niggas, they soft (Soft)
All of these niggas, they soft
Forty-five clip with the beam (Bam)
Hit a lil' boy from the far (Yeah)
Forty-five niggas with me, huh
All of my niggas, they boss (Woah)
Suck on my dick soft, ooh
Suck on my dick raw, ooh
Suck on my dick, mop, ooh
Fuckin' that bitch row, raw (Bitch)
Had to go cop an AP, yeah
Had to go cop me some rocks (Ice)
Had to go cop me some lean, ooh
I poured the lean on the rocks, ooh
Suck on my dick, uh
She suck my dick with her jaw
Lean, ooh, lean, lean, lean, lean, lean, lean, uh
Run it up, run it up
Run it up, bitch, PE, huh
I got a crib, MTV (Talk to 'em)
Yeah, come see (What?)
Pull up (Uh)
Pull up (Uh, what? Huh)
Pull up (Uh, what? Huh)
Pull up (Uh, what? Huh)
Beep, beep (Uh, what? Huh)
Beep (Uh, what? Huh)
Beep, beep (Uh, what? Huh)
Beep (Uh, what? Huh)
Pull up (Uh, what? Huh)
Pull up (Uh, huh, uh)
Pull up (Uh, what? Huh)
Pull up (Uh, what? Huh)
Beep, beep (Uh, uh, uh)
Beep (Uh, what? Huh)
Beep, beep (Uh, what? Uh)
Beep (Uh, what?)

Pull up (Talk to 'em, skrrt)
'Giela, Margiela
Ooh, sweater, uh
Change the weather, ooh
Damn, ooh, Cash Carti
Woah (Woah), off the Molly
Actavis (Yeah)
I'm coppin' it (Yeah, what?)
Shopping bags, hey
Full of shit (Talk to 'em)
Come and kick it (Yeah)
Come in Lenox (Lenox)
We be ballin' (Talk to 'em)
Money spendin' (Ayy, Pi'erre)
Pull up (Pull up)
Drop top, ooh, ooh
Bad bitch, ooh, what?
Pull up, ooh, what?
Gucci, ooh, ooh
Flip flops, ooh, uh
Come spit, ooh, ooh
Lockjaw, ooh
Backflip (Backflip, what?)
Oh yeah (Ooh, what?)
Big bag (Ooh, what?)
Goyard (Ooh, what?)
Playboi (Uh, what?)
Oh yeah (Talk to 'em)
Bad bitch, uh, yeah
Pull up, ooh
Pull up (Uh)
Pull up (Uh, what? Huh)
Pull up (Uh, what? Huh)
Pull up (Uh, what? Huh)
Beep, beep (Uh, what? Huh)
Beep (Uh, what? Huh)
Beep (Uh, what? Huh)
Beep (Uh, what? Huh)
Pull up (Uh, what? Huh)
Pull up (Uh, huh, uh)
Pull up (Uh, what? Huh)
Pull up (Uh, what? Huh)
Beep, beep (Uh, uh, uh)
Beep (Uh, what? Huh)
Beep (Uh, what? Uh)
Beep (Uh, what?)

Drop top, pull up
Rockstar, popstar, drop top, pull up
Rockstar, popstar, Wockstar
Drop top, popstar, popstar, pull up22Embed
Got my nigga Zorrs in this bitch
Blatt, slatt, blatt, slatt, slatt, woah (Cash, cash)
Woah, woah, woah, slatt

Uh, okay (Yeah), shawty know what's up (Woah)
Shawty want a rockstar, huh (What? What?)
Shawty want a Wockstar, okay (Woah)
Shawty want a rockstar
Uh, okay (Woah), shawty know what's up (Yeah)
Shawty want a rockstar, huh
Shawty want a Wockstar, okay
Shawty want a rockstar

Walk in that bih' with my toolie (What?)
Walk in that bih' with Lil Uzi, ooh
These bitches, they bitin' they lip, they choosin', ooh
Lookin' like groupie (What, what?)
Fuckin' that bih' in my coupe, ooh (Okay)
Fuckin' that bih' in the lot, ooh
Fucking that bih' in the spot, ooh, uh
Polka dot, ooh
All of these hoes, they mine, ooh
All of this jewelry, it mine, ooh
All of these bitches, they mine, ooh, uh, ooh, uh
Feel like Big Sean, yeah, ooh
Look like a don, yeah, ooh
Fuckin' this bitch (What, what?)
I swear she be lying (What, what?)
White on rice (Rice)
Diamonds ice (Ice)
Came through with the ice (Uh)
I'm Lil Boat with the Sprite (Lil Boat)
Lil Boat, dynamite (Cash)
She gon' blow tonight (Carti)
You might also like
Uh, okay (Yeah), shawty know what's up (Woah)
Shawty want a rockstar, huh (What? What?)
Shawty want a Wockstar, okay (Woah)
Shawty want a rockstar
Uh, okay (Yeah), shawty know what's up (Yeah)
Shawty want a rockstar, huh
Shawty want a Wockstar, okay
Shawty want a rockstar

All of these flows is mine
All of these hoes is mine
Shawty want a rockstar, okay
Shawty want a rockstar, La Flame
I been out spendin' it loosely
Bigger the diamonds, I'm juicy
Fuck with the G's, it's Gucci
I been out livin' unruly
Yeah, board the jet
All of them hoes is wet
Yeah, private flex, yeah
Never dip on the set
Drank, don't do wine, got two hoes in a bind, yeah
Ass on rewind, put the cash on her spine, yeah
Fill me up, double cup, yeah
Okay, shawty know what's up
Shawty want a rockstar
Shawty want a rockstar, okay
Shawty want a rockstar, okay
Okay, shawty know what's up48Embed
Yeah, we ain't wastin' no time
(Yo, Pi'erre, you wanna come out here?)
Slatt, slatt, slatt, woo

Chopper won't miss a nigga (Chopper won't miss a nigga)
Chopper won't miss a nigga (Chopper won't miss a nigga)
Chopper won't miss a nigga (Red dot)
Hundred round drum killin' everybody (Yeah)
Hundred round drum killin' everybody (Red dot)
Chopper won't miss a nigga

Chopper won't, hold on
Red dot
Beep, beep, beep, beep
Rrah, yeah
Yeah
Hold on, hold on, hold on (Yeah, yeah)

She hop on the dick and she split, huh
Hop on the dick like a bitch, huh
Suck on my dick like a tick, huh (What? What? Uh)
You a copier, yeah, you like to copy shit (Carti)
You wasn't even on the style until Yung Carti popped this shit, bitch
I got hella hoes (Woah)
On some poppin' shit (Woah, woah)
Need a poppin' bitch (Woah)
Need a solid bitch (Woah)
Harder than a brick (Beep, beep)
Choppers on the counter, pints all in the fridge
You might also like
Chopper won't miss a nigga (Hold on, hold on)
Chopper won't miss a nigga (Chopper won't miss a nigga)
Chopper won't miss a nigga (Red dot)
Hundred round drum killin' everybody (Yeah)
Hundred round drum killin' everybody (Red dot)
Chopper won't miss a nigga

Always runnin' with my gun
Young nigga shoot for fun
Put some money on your head
I serve your ass for ten
I got ice to match the ice, ice to match the 'fit
I got bitches on top of bitches, ayy, and all my bitches tens
I still don't dance, no Milly Rock (Rock)
Just hide it in my sock (Sock)
I got bitches in the lot (Lot)
Pourin' up the pop (Pop, yeah)
Straight savage, slatt
Hold on, hold on, hold on, woo

Chopper won't miss a nigga (Chopper won't miss a nigga)
Chopper won't miss a nigga (Grrah, grrah)
Chopper won't miss a nigga (Red dot)
Hundred round drum killin' everybody (Yeah)
Hundred round drum killin' everybody (Red dot)
Chopper won't miss a nigga (Grrah, Jeffery)
Thirty round drum in the jean jacket (Thirty round drum in the jacket)
None of my jeans come in baggy
I never go for a chain snatch (I never go for a chain snatch)
I been hit that, that's the same, jack (Hah, yeah, hold on, yeah)
Three-twenty on the dash (Skrrt, hold on)
A Bentley truck is my G-Wagen (Huh, huh, yeah)
Me and the dawgs smokin' nothin' but nasty (Dawg)
Fuck the law and whoever askin' (Yeah, yeah)
Cheated on my bitch with a bitch, so you know she was lit (Yeah)
Cheated on my bitch with a bitch with bigger titties (Yeah)
'Bout to cheat on my bitch with a motherfuckin' midget (Yeah)
Bank with my card, I go hard in every city (Go hard in every city)
Every one of the dawgs got some hoes in every city (Hoes in every city)
Every one of these hoes 'round this bitch say that we litty (We litty)
Ran over the law if I tell 'em, "Ayy, let's get it" (Let's get it)
Platinum Wraith, let's get it (Skrrt)
Diamonds in the face, let's get it
I got diamonds in my face, they half a carat, ayy

Chopper won't miss a nigga (Chopper won't miss a nigga)
Chopper won't miss a nigga (Chopper won't miss a nigga)
Chopper won't miss a nigga (Red dot)
Hundred round drum killin' everybody (Yeah)
Hundred round drum killin' everybody (Red dot)
Chopper won't miss a nigga
Pew-pew-pew-pew, pew-pew, pew-pew
Pew-pew-pew-pew, pew-pew, pew-pew
Pew-pew-pew-pew, pew-pew, pew-pew
Pew-pew-pew-pew, pew-pew, pew-pew
Pew32Embed
Feel like, bitch, hello, check it out
(Yeah, you know what I'm saying?)
Feel like, slatt, I feel like, yeah

No cap and gown, I ain't go to class (Uh, yeah)
I'd rather die before I come in last (Yeah, VLONE thug, what?)

I ain't felt like this in a long time
(You know what I'm saying? RIP Fredo)
I ain't felt like this in a long time (I ain't feel like)
I ain't had shit in a long time (Feel like)
Just to feel like this it took a long time, yeah (Slatt, feel like)
Just to feel like this it took a long time, yeah (Slatt, feel like)
Just to look like this it took a long time, yeah (Slatt, feel like)
Just to look like this it took a long time, yeah (Slatt)

Hold up, I'm tryna find
Hold up, I'm tryna do something right now
Just leave me alone right now (I'd rather get caught with it than without it)
Just leave me alone
I'ma go and tell shawty, we don't do that (Uh, what?)
(Slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt, beep, beep, beep)
You might also like
Ooh, yeah
Lil' black jean jacket, yeah
Got VLONE on it, yeah
Got this bad ass bitch, yeah
Wanna fuck me and my homie, yeah
Got this bad ass bitch, yeah
Tryna fuck me and my homie, yeah
Shawty gon' suck 'til the mornin', yeah
I can't wife no thot, yeah (I can't wife no thot)
Pass that bitch to the homie, yeah (I can't wife no thot)
I just fucked your thot, yeah (I just fucked your thot)
I ain't even pass her to homie, yeah, ooh (I just fucked your thot)
We might rob your homie (Rob)
We might rob your home (Rob)
We might rob your homie (Skrrt)

I'd rather get caught with it than without it
(Slatt, thot, VLONE, slatt, slatt, slatt, what? Slatt, what? Slatt, what? Slatt, what? Slatt, what?)
Wake up and smell the motherfuckin' coffee (Yeah)
I'm 'bout to break you boys in a coffin (Yeah, VLONE thug, what?)

I ain't felt like this in a long time (Slatt, slatt)
(You know what I'm saying? RIP Fredo)
I ain't felt like this in a long time (Slatt, slatt, I ain't feel like)
I ain't have shit in a long time (Feel like)
Just to feel like this it took a long time, yeah (Slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt)
Just to feel like this it took a long time, yeah (Yeah, slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt)
Just to look like this it took a long time, yeah (Slatt, slatt, slatt)
Just to look like this it took a long time, yeah
You been to Atlanta?
Have I been to Atlanta?
You've most definitely been to Atlanta
With who?

No cap and gown, I ain't go to class (Slatt, slatt, yeah)
I'd rather die before I come in last

Would you just send me your address, please, send me your address?
For here?
Woah
Woah
Woah (Yeah)

I ain't had shit in a long time (What?)
I ain't felt like this in a long time (You know what I'm saying? RIP Fredo)
I ain't felt like this in a long time (I ain't feel like)
I ain't had shit in a long time (Feel like)
Just to feel like this it took a long time, yeah (Slatt, feel like)
Just to feel like this it took a long time, yeah (Slatt, feel like)
Just to look like this it took a long time, yeah (Slatt, feel like)
Just to look like this it took a long time, yeah
I ain't had shit in a long time
I ain't had shit in a long time
I ain't had shit in a long time
I ain't had shit in a long time
Just to feel like this it took a long time, yeah
Just to feel like this it took a long time, yeah66Embed
Yeah

I'ma go fuck that bitch (Yeah), I'ma go thrash that bitch (Yeah)
Shawty gon' suck this dick (Yeah), shawty gon' suck this dick (Yeah)
That's a pull-up bitch (Yeah), don't make me pull up, bitch
I smash that thot, then pull out, bitch, might push to Flacko shit
Watch me pull up, take your chain, lil' bitch
I'm on Deebo lit (Yeah), I'm on 'migo lit (Yeah), I'm on kilo lit (Yeah)
I go psycho, bitch, watch me sock your bitch
Watch me thrash that bitch, then I pass that bitch

Cop the Prada, bitch, get one for the zip
Got that Prada bag (Yeah), got one for my bitch (Yeah)
Lil' boy hit like blitz (Yeah), lil' boy, this my bitch (Yeah)
Got me mad as shit (Yeah), so I slapped the bitch (Yeah)
I ain't even hop in the coupe (Yeah), your bitch gon' star at the clique (Yeah)
I ain't even fuckin' this thot, yeah, the bitch gotta start with the clique, yeah
All of my diamonds they flawless, all of my diamonds legit (Yeah)
All of these diamonds, they costin' (Slatt, hold up)
Slatt, move like a boss, slatt, move like a boss
I get that dope, kilo, yeah, come fuck with the boss (Yeah)
Smokin' that gas, diesel, yeah, smoke like a boss, yeah
She throwin' it back like a Frisbee, yeah, hit like a boss (Yeah)
You might also like
I'ma go fuck that bitch (Yeah), I'ma go thrash that bitch (Yeah)
Shawty gon' suck this dick (Yeah), shawty gon' suck this dick (Yeah)
That's a pull-up bitch (Yeah), don't make me pull up, bitch
I smash that thot, then pull out, bitch, might push to Flacko shit
Watch me pull up, take your chain, lil' bitch
I'm on Deebo lit (Yeah), I'm on 'migo lit (Yeah), I'm on kilo lit (Yeah)
I go psycho, bitch, watch me sock your bitch
Watch me thrash that bitch, then I pass that bitch

I'm with my dawgs, fight with my dawgs, yeah, shoot with my dawgs, yeah
I want your thot, I want your broad, yeah, she all on my lot
Countin' the knots, all of my ghosts, yeah, head to the loft
I got a strap all on my dick, ain't hittin' it raw
I just left Elliot, Prada bag, ooh, it holdin' the knots, ooh
I got a bitch, Rihanna bad, ooh, the bitch got a box
Fuck that mumblin' shit (Yeah), fuck that mumblin' shit (Yeah)
Bought a crib for my mama off that mumblin' shit (Yeah)
Made a mil' off that, uh, off that mumblin' shit
Made a mil' off that, uh, off that mumblin' shit (Yeah)
Bought a crib for mama off that mumblin' shit (What?)
Fuck that ho, VH1, big ass booty bitch (Yeah)

I'ma go fuck that bitch (Yeah), I'ma go thrash that bitch (Yeah)
Shawty gon' suck this dick (Yeah), shawty gon' suck this dick (Yeah)
That's a pull-up bitch (Yeah), don't make me pull up, bitch
I smash that thot, then pull out, bitch, might push to Flacko shit
Watch me pull up, take your chain, lil' bitch
I'm on Deebo lit (Yeah), I'm on 'migo lit (Yeah), I'm on kilo lit (Yeah)
I go psycho, bitch, watch me sock your bitch
Watch me thrash that bitch, then I pass that bitch77Embed
Run it up (Yeah, yeah)
Count it up, count it up, count it, count (Yeah, yeah, what? What? What? What? What?)
Indigo (Yeah, yeah), Indigo (Yeah, yeah)

I'm on 'em beans for real (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'm on the lean for real (What? Yeah, yeah)
I'm on 'em beans for real (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'm on the lean for real (Yeah-yeah)
I'm on 'em beans for real (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'm on the lean for real (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'm on 'em beans for real (Yeah)
I'm on the lean for real (Yeah)
I'm on 'em beans for real (What? Yeah, yeah)
I'm on the lean for real (Yeah, yeah)
I'm on 'em beans for real (What? Yeah)
I'm on the lean for real (What?)
I'm on 'em beans for real (Yeah, yeah)
I'm on the lean for real (Yeah, yeah)

That bag loaded, yeah, got it all the time (Yeah, what?)
Nickelodeon, way I got that slime (Yeah, slime)
The Dream Mode, yeah, tats showin', my teams (What?)
Keep it tucked like a T-shirt, I need that nine
You might also like
Two nines in the coupe, yeah (Pew, what?)
Yeah, send a bih' to school (Yeah, yeah)
Oh yeah, yeah, I fucked her by the pool (What? What?)
Oh yeah, diamond wetter than your boo (What?)
Oh yeah, all that money, take your loot (Ooh, what? What? What?)

I'm on 'em beans for real (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'm on the lean for real (What? Yeah, yeah)
I'm on 'em beans for real (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'm on the lean for real (Yeah, yeah)
I'm on 'em beans for real (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'm on the lean for real (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'm on 'em beans for real (Yeah)
I'm on the lean for real (Yeah)
I'm on 'em beans for real (What? Yeah, yeah)
I'm on the lean for real (Yeah, yeah)
I'm on 'em beans for real (What? Yeah)
I'm on the lean for real (What?)
I'm on 'em beans for real (Yeah, yeah)
I'm on the lean for real (Slatt, yeah, yeah)

That bag loaded, yeah, got it all the time (Bag)
Nickelodeon, way I got that slime (Yeah, slime)
The Dream Mode, yeah, tats showin', my teams (Ayy)
Keep it tucked like a T-shirt, I need that nine
Trust, trust (Yeah)
No, I can't dap you up (Yeah)
Super sus' (Yeah)
Better get used to us (Yeah)
Had to go Super Saiyan (Yeah)
Had to go bird's eye view (Yeah)
This a computer game (Greaze)
GTA (Yeah)
Look at us run the streets (Yeah)
Niggas is fuckin' food (Yeah)
This is a fuckin' feast (Buh-buh)
Man, I ain't throwing P's (Yeah)
I just throw up the V (Yeah)
Drink spillin' on my shoes (Yeah)
Weed spillin' on my seats (Greaze)
Niggas is talkin' greaze
Please, greaze (Greaze)

I'm on 'em beans for real (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'm on the lean for real (What? Yeah, yeah)
I'm on 'em beans for real (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'm on the lean for real (Yeah, yeah)
I'm on 'em beans for real (Yeah-yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'm on the lean for real (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'm on 'em beans for real (Yeah)
I'm on the lean for real (Yeah)
I'm on 'em beans for real (What? Yeah, yeah)
I'm on the lean for real (Yeah, yeah)
I'm on 'em beans for real (What? Yeah)
I'm on the lean for real (What?)
I'm on 'em beans for real (Yeah, yeah)
I'm on the lean for real (Yeah, yeah)
Run it up
Yeah, yeah (What? What?)
Yeah, yeah (What? What?)
Yeah (What? What?)
Indigo (Yeah, yeah), Indigo (Yeah, yeah)
Yeah
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah31Embed
Yo, Pi'erre, you wanna come out here?

Old money, new ho (Beep)
Old money, uh, new ho (What?)
Old money, huh, new ho (What?)
Old money, new ho (Beep, what?)

Old swag (Swag), new flow (Flow, flow)
Old swag, new flow (Flow, flow)
New flow (Flow), old flow (Old flow)
Old money (Yeah, yeah), new ho (Ho, what?)
Old money (Money), new flow (Flow, what?)
Bad bitch (Bitch), love the pole (What?)
Sip the four (What?), Actavis (Woah)
Sip it slow (What?), kickin' shit (Lean, woah)
Oh, Pi'erre, huh, come in here, ooh, uh
Got some hoes, they upstairs, ooh, uh
I need two hoes, need two pair, ooh, uh
My chain too cold (What?), chandelier, ooh, uh
Pretty boy, huh, manicure, ooh, what?
You need a code just to come in here (Beep, Playboi)
Only 21, feel like a bachelor (Beep, Playboi)
Pretty bitch, huh, baddest thing in here (Ooh, what?)
You might also like
Old money, new ho (What?)
Old money, new ho (What?)
Old money, new ho (What?)
Old money (Money), new ho

Ooh, ooh, damn, I feel myself, uh
Left my bitch at home, uh, told her fuck herself, uh
Did it on my own, huh, made it by myself (Playboi)
And I keep a TEC, huh, boy, I keep the steel, uh
Leave a nigga wet, uh, boy, I got the well, huh
Grab it off the shelf, huh (What?)
She said she need a pair, uh, spend it on myself (Cash)
Got like three phones, ooh, Apple, not a pear, ooh
Got like three hoes, ooh, I do not compare
In the trap, we sellin' crack, come here, huh, mama shed a tear
Trap, we cookin' up the meal (Ooh), Cookies in the shelf, ooh
My diamonds talk itself, huh, diamonds Michael Phelps, uh

Old money, new ho (What?)
Old money (Beep), new ho (What?)
Old money, huh, new ho (What?)
Old money (Money), new ho17Embed
Yeah, bring that money home, daddy waitin' for it
Bring that money home, daddy waitin' for it
Bring that money home, daddy waitin' for it
Bring that money home, daddy waitin' for it
Bring that money home, daddy waitin' for it
Bring that money home, daddy waitin' for it
Bring that money home, daddy waitin' for it
Bring that money home

She a loyal bitch, you gotta pay for those
She a spoiled lil' bitch, I bought her all her clothes
You know I treat you good, I don't wanna meet your hoes
I took you out the hood, I took you to my shows
We took a lot of pics and now we look like goals
We tried some new things, we fucked a couple hoes
You changin' mood swings, you got me, I don't know
We gettin' back in, walked through the back door
You had some surgeries, but it's still fat, though
You like the cash, girl, you helped the cash grow
You drive a Lambo' with some leg room
Girl, I'm waitin' on you, bring that bag home, ooh

Yeah, bring that money home, daddy waitin' for it
Bring that money home, daddy waitin' for it
Bring that money home, daddy waitin' for it
Bring that money home, daddy waitin' for it
Bring that money home, daddy waitin' for it
Bring that money home, daddy waitin' for it
Bring that money home, daddy waitin' for it
Bring that money home
You might also like
She don't play with bitches, she don't play with hoes
Yeah, she with the shits, she might kill a ho, yeah
If it's 'bout Yung Carti, yeah, my bitch on go
When she on that molly, anything goes
She was in Miami on a fuckin' boat
With some ball players, she left them niggas broke
She just text my phone, told me, "I'm alone"
I respond back, "When you comin' home?"
She respond back, "I was in my zone"
The money counter on, the money counter on
Uh, hold up, what you talkin' 'bout? Come here
Girl, I'm waitin' on you, bring that bag home, ooh

Yeah, bring that money home, daddy waitin' for it
Bring that money home, daddy waitin' for it
Bring that money home, daddy waitin' for it
Bring that money home, daddy waitin' for it
Bring that money home, daddy waitin' for it
Bring that money home, daddy waitin' for it
Bring that money home, daddy waitin' for it
Bring that money home22Embed
I fell in love, fell in love
But that's okay 'cause we in love
Oh my God, I fell in love
I fell in love with the love
Show me love, I give you love
Fell in love, I fell in love
I want in for the love
Just show me love, just show me love
I fell in love, I fell in love
And that's okay 'cause I'm in love

We in that bed, give me head
I want that just to stay
Close your eye, don't shed no tear
Keep it dark, close the shade
I'm off the pills, you on that lean
You fuck me slowly, uh, girl, do your thing
Let's take some pictures, let's take some scenes, huh
Playboy, huh, magazine, huh
She got her panties off with no T, huh
She got her titties out, she wanna tease, huh
She tatted up now, I see you see, huh
I know you see, I know you see I see
You know I want that bitch, I wanna eat, I eat
I wanna lick it up, I wanna fuckin' eat
I wanna freeze you up, I want them diamonds blingin'
I want it all on you, I want you all on me, ooh
You might also like
I fell in love, fell in love
But that's okay 'cause we in love
Oh my God, I fell in love
I fell in love with the love
Show me love, I give you love
Fell in love, I fell in love
I want in for the love
Just show me love, just show me love

Lil' ma fly, she got a flock now
Got a squad now, got a drop now
She club hop, ayy, jewelry shoppin'
Girl, you shinin', girl, you fine, and yeah, you
Fine as wine, you ten like diamonds (Dime piece)
I treat you like my last dime
Go broke, uh, no joke, uh
I cut these hoes off, I kill the roll call
I put the doors up, she like to show off
Them bitches sleepy, them bitches dozed off
I put a ring on it, name got a ring to it
On my knees for you, watch me do it how he ain't do it
I cannot speak for you, but I know that he ain't fluent
I speak your language, he don't tell you things, do he?
Like girl, you dangerous, girl, I ain't seen beauty
Not 'til I seen you, gon' treat you like queen do
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Let me sing to you, let this be the theme music, girl, I fell in love
I fell in love, fell in love
But that's okay 'cause we in love
Oh my God, I fell in love
I fell in love with the love
Show me love, I give you love
Fell in love, I fell in love
I want in for the love
Just show me love, just show me love
I fell in love, I fell in love
And that's okay 'cause I'm in love46Embed
You know what I'm sayin', man?
Still drinkin' lean and shit

Ooh, hop in that motherfuckin' foreign
And that motherfucker be roarin' (Ooh)
Big gun, bitch, yeah, show 'em
City to city, I'm tourin' (Ooh)
Lil Carti, I'm ready to pour
All of my diamonds, they glowin'
Fuck on your bitch, yeah
She left in the mornin' (Ooh)

Diamonds, they skatin' on ice, huh
Run it up, bitch, Jerry Rice, hey, ayy
Hurt your feelings with the price, ayy
Everything come with a price, ayy
Everything come with a price, ayy
Hundred thousand, yeah, my price (Ooh)
Too many rings like I'm Mike (Ooh)
I got the motherfuckin' mic (Ooh)
I got the motherfuckin' Ike, huh
I told your bitch to come trike, uh
Pass me the motherfuckin' mic, uh
I'm in the lobby, I'm piped, ooh
I told that bitch to come pipe, ooh
Shawty wan' fuck on the pipe, ooh, uh, ooh, what? Ooh
Shawty gon' lick on the pipe, ooh
I got the strap like a dyke, ooh
I got the strap, I don't fight, ooh
My diamonds, they icy ice, ooh
My diamonds, they ice, they bite, ooh
Your diamonds they 'ight, a'ight, ooh
Ask that lil' bitch what's her type? (Ooh, ayy, what? Ayy)
You might also like
Ooh, hop in that motherfuckin' foreign
And that motherfucker be roarin' (Ooh)
Big gun, bitch, yeah, show 'em
City to city, I'm tourin' (Yeah)
Lil Carti, I'm ready to pour
All of my diamonds, they glowin'
Fuck on your bitch, yeah
She left in the mornin' (Ooh)

Diamonds on diamonds on diamonds
Empty your pockets and pay that lil' homage (What?)
I got Pirus in the lobby (Yeah)
I got Pirus right behind me (Carti)
Cranberry drip with the rag (Carti)
I might just pull up in Bompton (Carti)
Walk in the lobby like Gotti (Gotti)
You can't trust me, I'm too poppin' (Poppin')
These niggas, they tryna 2Pac me (What? What?)
Used to be robbin' (Robbin')
Molly Santana, jaw lockin' (Lockin')
This Spanish bitch callin' me Papi (Papi)
She ride me like a Bugatti ('Gatti)
Hop in the foreign, fuck the mileage (Mileage)
Pick the boof up, bitch, I'm tired (Tired)
Booted up, bitch, never tired (What? Ooh, ooh)
Ooh, hop in that motherfuckin' foreign (What?)
And that motherfucker be roarin' (Ooh)
Big gun, bitch, yeah, show 'em
City to city, I'm tourin' (Ooh)
Lil Carti, I'm ready to pour
All of my diamonds, they glowin'
Fuck on your bitch, yeah
She left in the mornin' (Ooh)32Embed
Buh-buh-buh, buh-buh-buh
Buh, buh, buh-buh-buh
In Atlanta with some organic, uh, hold up
Pussy mad, I smoke that organic, uh, hold up, yeah
Fendi'd down, I'm smokin' organic, uh, uh
And it's Die Lit, uh, uh
F&N, I'm smokin', uh, what? Uh, yeah

F&N, I smoke on organic, uh, yeah (Organic)
She bend down, she need some more breath, uh, yeah, yeah
I got smoke all in the air, uh, yeah (I got smoke all in this ho)
Fuck this up and you get left (What? Fuck this up and you get left, yeah)
AP on my fuckin' left (Uh, yeah, hold up)
Stack it up right on the shelf, uh (Stack it up like, stack it up)
Your bitch look familiar (Your bitch, your bitch, uh, bitch)
I got drip all everywhere (Your bitch, yeah)
I got cash all everywhere (Hold up, your bitch, beep)
I'ma do this by myself, uh, yeah (I'ma do this by, ooh)
On the jet by, by myself, uh, yeah
And I touch down and shoot the gas tank, uh, yeah (Hold up)
I touch down and get my fingers wet, uh, yeah, uh (I touch down and get my fingers wet)
My bitch got that G.O.A.T. head (My bitch got that G.O.A.T. head)
Riding 'round on moped, uh (Pop that bean and count them deads)
My bitch off the Percocet (My bitch off the Percocet)
Pop that bean and count them deads, uh (Pop that bean and count them deads)
Yeah, she suck me, I can't feel my legs, yeah (Pop that bean and count them deads)
My bitch yucky, she don't use no hands, hold up (My bitch yucky, she don't use no hands)
Dance floor with the diamonds dancin', uh, yeah, uh (Dance floor with the diamonds dancin')
Dance floor with the diamonds dancin', uh, yeah, yeah (Dance floor with the diamonds dancin')
That's why you cop by them bags, uh (Yeah, yeah)
In L.A. I smoke that gas, uh
In L.A. I link with slatt (And I)
That bitch with you, she gave you back (Uh)
I fucked that bitch, then gave her back, uh (I fucked that bitch then, yeah)
I nut on her, she make me 'lax (Yeah)
That gun on me, I cannot lack (That gun on me, yeah)
Your bitch right, she got it clapped (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
You can die 'bout yours, boy, you get clapped
I took that lil' boy right off of the map (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
We killed them boys right here, right in the trap
I love my lean, I fucked around, relapsed (Yeah)
I fucked that bitch, he runnin' 'round in laps
You touch down in my city, you better tap
That bitch 'round here, she know she gotta tap (Yeah, uh)
I seen that bitch ridin' 'round in Nudy 'Cat, huh (Nat-nat)
That bitch with me and now she on that pack (Nat-nat, nat-nat, nat-nat)
I'm on Southside and I'm weighin' the crack (I'm on Southside and I'm weighin' the crack)
I'm on Southside, yeah, hand on the gat (Southside, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'm on Southside every day with blatt, uh (Uh)
I'm on Southside, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
You might also like
Too much lean, yeah, uh, too much ice, hold up (Woah)
One more pint, hold up, uh, one more pint, uh, yeah
Too much lean, yeah, uh, too much ice, hold up, uh
One more pint, yeah, uh, one more pint, uh, yeah
One more pint, uh, yeah, one more pint, uh, yeah
One more pint, yeah, yeah, one more pint, yeah, yeah
Too much lean, uh, yeah, too much ice, hold up, yeah
One more pint, uh, yeah, one more pint34Embed
Slatt (What?)
(What? What? What?)
(What? What? What?)

Ooh, ooh, now, right now
Now, right now
Now, right now
Now

I let her count it
Too much to balance, ayy
I can't even balance (Pick it up)
Got a bitch in my palace
And she work at Palace (Ooh, pick it up)
And a bitch at Magic
And she let me have it
She let me smash it
She let me pass it
Baby, no cappin'
I'm on the block, I got the Glock, I'm with the static
I got this bitch all on the pipe just like a addict
I got this bitch all on the pipe callin' me daddy
I'm with the stick, I'm in the 6, I'm in the wagon
I'm in the bitch, I'm in the bricks, I'm in the ashes
I got that white, I got that dope, I got that Asher
Sellin' that soap, sellin' that soap, sellin' that nasty
I'm on the block, just like a po', fuckin' a bandit
I'm on the block, I got them rolls, I got them Benjis
We gotta go, we gotta go (Skrr)
Hop in the Ghost, ooh, then I go ghost (Ooh)
You might also like
Ooh, ooh, now, right now
Now, right now
Now, right now
Now
Ooh, ooh, now, right now
Now, right now
Now, right now
Now, right now
Now

Back then to right now, hey
Back to the future, hey
Did it all off computers, hey (Yeah, yeah)
Bill Gates, ayy (Carti)
All my bills paid, ayy (Cash)
For real
Got that good gas for real
Put you on your ass for real
Got that good gas for real
Put you on your ass for real
Yeah, I flex for real
Yeah, they mad for real
I got cash, for real (Cash)
Hundred dollar bills
Yeah, these all blue bills (Cash, cash, cash)
Yeah, motherfuck how you feel (Yeah)
I'm not Dr. Phil
Fresh to death, where my will?
She just got called to get killed
And she say I'm skilled
And she call me Dolittle
Yeah, I'm talkin' to my dogs
Ooh, ooh, now, right now
Now, right now
Now, right now
Now
Ooh, ooh, now, right now
Now, right now
Now, right now (Right now)
Now

I got bitches wanna see Pi'erre right now
I got bitches wanna see Carti right now
All these diamonds in my teeth, I had to smile (Cash, cash)
Right now (Cash)
Right now (Cash)
Told that bitch to get down right now
Touch your toes, bend it over right now
All this money, all this guap, it's in the pad
Right now, right now

Now, right now
Now, right now
Now, right now13Embed
Yeah, let's get it, bitch

Miley Cyrus (Miley Cyrus), catchin' bodies
Don't care if that pussy got some mileage, mileage (Mileage)
Don't care if your pussy got some mileage, mileage (Huh?)
Don't care if your pussy got some mileage, mileage (Huh?)
Miley Cyrus (Huh?), catchin' bodies (Huh?)
Don't care if your pussy got some mileage, mileage (Nah)
Don't care if that pussy got some mileage, mileage (Huh?)
Don't care if your pussy got some mileage, mileage (Nah)

Ooh, ooh, Miley Cyrus (What?)
Ooh, yeah, Miley, Miley (Huh?)
Ooh, yeah, Miley Cyrus (Huh?)
Ooh, yeah, Miley, Miley (Let's get it)
Ooh, yeah, Wayne's World
Ooh, yeah, Carti, Carti
Ooh, yeah, Calabasas (Are you coming?)
Ooh, yeah, Kendall, Kylie (Huh?)
Ooh, ooh, Adidas deal (Huh?)
Ooh, yeah, shoutout Kanye
Ooh, yeah, crazy girls
Ooh, yeah, every Friday
You might also like
Miley Cyrus (Miley Cyrus), catchin' bodies (Bang)
Don't care if that pussy got some mileage, mileage (Mileage)
Don't care if your pussy got some mileage, mileage (Huh?)
Don't care if your pussy got some mileage, mileage (Huh?)
Miley Cyrus (Huh?), catchin' bodies (Yeah, ayy)
Don't care if your pussy got some mileage, mileage
Don't care if that pussy got some mileage, mileage
Don't care if your pussy got some mileage, mileage

Malibu, that's casual
Got the McAdoo, fill you with gratitude
I'm with them animals, it's a real nigga annual
Your ho on automatic, put her on manual
She gimme-imme head, Betty Boop (Top)
If you're lookin' for me, I'm in Saks Fifth Avenue (Yeah)
I just went and bought me some flashbangs (Huh?)
You can disappear, disrespectin' that gang (Hahaha, ayy)
Chopper go ra-ta-ta, ah
You talkin' rarara
Hmm, she got more mileage than a car
And she just pulled up to the spot, spot, spot

Miley Cyrus, catchin' bodies
Don't care if that pussy got some mileage, mileage
Don't care if your pussy got some mileage, mileage
Don't care if your pussy got some mileage, mileage
Miley Cyrus (Miley Cyrus), catchin' bodies
Don't care if your pussy got some mileage, mileage
Don't care if that pussy got some mileage, mileage
Don't care if your pussy got some mileage, mileage15Embed
Hold up
You know what I'm sayin'? Kesha and them back there
Yeah, Kesha
You know what I'm sayin'? Got motherfuckin' Redd in this bitch, you know what I'm sayin'?
Know what I'm sayin'? Real player shit
Me and my bitch, nigga
Yeah, me and my ho, nigga (Yeah)
We do this shit with my bitch, nigga (Yeah)
You know what I'm sayin'? We do this shit for my bitch, nigga, Tony
Walk in that shit, take over that bitch

I'm in a hood where niggas don't bother me (Check it out)
Thirty-five hundred my cardigan (Check it out)
Shawty gon' fuck, shawty gon' swallow me (Check it out)
Shawty gon' get on top of me (What? What? What? What?)
All of this ice in the summertime
Ain't no boy fucking with Carti, nah

I'm in this bitch with Yung Carti (Carti)
Riding 'round with the top down (What?)
All these bitches so naughty (What?)
They tryna fuck on us right now (Uh)
If Carti with it, then I'm ridin' (Yeah)
Got a hundred on the neck (What?)
Ain't no stoppin', bitch, I'm poppin'
You see this Rollie and this chain
Bitch, I'm so icy, I'm cocky
Just dropped a fifty on my jeweler
And told him make sure it's shiny
It's Coldhearted and she got a stick
Right beside me, I'ma let it hit
I ain't really with the sucker shit
These niggas around me, you know they with it, yeah
These niggas around me you know they with it, yeah
They toting them Glocks and them dirty sticks, yeah
About Coldhearted, they gon' pull up quick, yeah
They ready for war, yeah, you know they with it, yeah
You might also like
Yeah, me and my ho, nigga (Yeah)
We do this shit with my bitch, nigga (Yeah)
You know what I'm sayin'? I can't really complain 'bout shit, man
Everything good, you know what I'm sayin'?
Walk in that shit, take over that bitch
Fuck nigga don't want no problem

I'm in a hood where niggas don't bother me (Check it out)
Thirty-five hundred my cardigan (Check it out)
Shawty gon' fuck, shawty gon' swallow me (Check it out)
Shawty gon' get on top of me (What? What? What? What?)
All of this ice in the summertime
Ain't no boy fucking with Carti, nah

I'm in a hood where niggas don't bother me
Thirty-five hundred my cardigan (Cardigan)
Shawty gon' fuck, shawty gon' swallow me
Shawty gon' get on top of me
I'm in a hood where niggas don't bother me
Thirty-five hundred my cardigan (Cardigan)
Shawty gon' fuck, shawty gon' swallow me
Shawty gon' get on top of me
I'm in a hood where niggas don't bother me
Thirty-five hundred my cardigan (Cardigan)
Shawty gon' fuck, shawty gon' swallow me
Shawty gon' get on top of me (Top of me)10Embed
Hittin' that bitch from the far, uh (Slatt)
Uh, notice me, yeah
Hittin' that boy with that fire, ooh
Nigga didn't notice me, yeah
I'm hittin' that bitch with some fire, ooh
He ain't even notice me, yeah
Hittin' that bitch with that fire, uh
A nigga didn't notice me
Hittin' that boy with that fire, uh
They ain't even know it's me, uh
They ain't even notice me, huh
They ain't even know it's me, ooh
They ain't even notice me, huh
They ain't even know it's me, huh
Hittin' that boy with that fire (Slatt)
Nigga didn't notice me

Hold up, lil bitch, I got bags (Slatt, slatt)
You talkin' to mans (Slime)
Hold up, lil bitch I got bags (Slime, slime)
You talkin' to me (Slime)
Hittin' that boy with that fire (Fire)
Nigga didn't know it was me (Nigga didn't know)
Nigga be dead to me (Yeah)
Nigga be dead meat
Hittin' that bitch from the side (Side)
I wanna have a ménage
I wanna have a good time (What?)
I wanna fuck up your life (Yeah)
She wanna play with that fire (Fire)
Shawty gon' play with that fire (Fire)
These niggas ain't ready for slime
They ain't even ready for slime (Yeah)
You might also like
Hittin' that bitch from the far, uh (Slatt)
Uh, notice me, yeah
Hittin' that boy with that fire, ooh
Nigga didn't notice me, yeah
I'm hittin' that bitch with some fire, ooh
He ain't even notice me, yeah
Hittin' that bitch with that fire, uh
A nigga didn't notice me
Hittin' that boy with that fire, uh
They ain't even know it's me, uh
They ain't even notice me, huh
They ain't even know it's me, ooh
They ain't even notice me, huh
They ain't even know it's me, huh
Hittin' that boy with that fire (Yeah)
Nigga didn't notice me

Hittin' that boy with the fire (What up?)
Wish a motherfucker try (Uh-huh)
Know Slime gonna fire (Slime)
I been firin' all the shots (You know it)
Since I was a little nigga (You know it)
Lil nigga havin' pistols (What?)
Pistols never was a issue (Never)
Gettin' money since a youngin' (Youngin')
Been havin' hoes comin' (Cut it up)
Lot of niggas out here frontin' (Fronts)
Know them pussy niggas bluffin' (Nah)
These niggas wasn't shootin' (Nah)
Slimeball been packin' (Gats)
Slimeball 'bout that action (Slime)
And you know what's happenin' (What's happenin'?)
Yeah, bitch (Yeah, bitch)
Hittin' that bitch from the far, uh (Yeah)
Uh, notice me, yeah (Fah-fah-fah; bitch)
Hittin' that boy with that fire, ooh
Nigga didn't notice me, yeah (Pow-pow)
I'm hittin' that bitch with some fire, ooh
He ain't even notice me, yeah (Brrt)
Hittin' that bitch with that fire, uh
A nigga didn't notice me (Brrt)
Hittin' that boy with that fire, uh
They ain't even know it's me, uh
They ain't even notice me, huh
They ain't even know it's me, ooh
They ain't even notice me, huh
They ain't even know it's me, huh
Hittin' that boy with that fire (Fire)
Nigga didn't notice me (Uh)

Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah
Uh, yeah
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah30Embed
What? (Fuckin' ice, man)
Huh? What? (Fuckin' ice, nigga)
Huh? What? (Fuckin' ice, man)
Huh? What?
What?

I'm on the top of the building (What?)
I'm on the top of the building (What?)
I'm on the top of the building (Yeah, yeah)
I'm on the top of the building (What?)
I'm on the top of the building (What?)
I'm on the top of the building (What?)
I'm on the top of the building (What?)
I'm on the top of the building (Yeah)
I'm on the top of the building (Yeah)
I'm on the top of the building (Yeah)
I'm on the top of the building (Yeah)
I'm on the top of the building (Yeah)
I'm on the top of the building (Yeah)
I'm on the top of the building (Huh?)
I'm on the top of the building (What?)
I'm on the top of the building (What? What?)

Reppin' that 9 'til I die (Slatt)
Made my first mil' in July
Fucked that lil' bitch then she cried
I'm in Miami like Plies
Eighty-one thousand left right, ooh
Eighty-one thousand that mike, yeah
Walk in that bitch and get right, yeah
I call up Elliot twice, yeah
I get that bitch and get right, yeah
I put that bitch on that dope, ooh
I get that dope that she like (Yeah, ooh, yeah)
Ride like a bike (Yeah, what? What? What?)
These niggas, they bite (Ooh)
They taking my swag, they swipe (Slatt)
VVS diamonds, I'm in this bitch with the dentist (Yeah, dentist)
Back, back like tennis, I'm in the spot like a chemist (Chemist)
I ain't going out, out sad, you a lil' ho, you can get it (Smash, get it)
I ain't going out, out sad, you a lil' ho, you can get it (What? What?)
You might also like
I'm on the top of the building (What?)
I'm on the top of the building (Yeah)
I'm on the top of the building (Yeah, yeah)
I'm on the top of the building (What?)
I'm on the top of the building (What?)
I'm on the top of the building (What?)
I'm on the top of the building (What?)
I'm on the top of the building (Yeah)
I'm on the top of the building (Yeah)
I'm on the top of the building (What?)
I'm on the top of the building (What?)
I'm on the top of the building (What?)
I'm on the top of the building (What?)
I'm on the top of the building (Huh?)
I'm on the top of the building (What?)
I'm on the top of the building (What?)16Embed
Check it out
Wake up in the morning and know I gotta do this shit
Ayy, let's do it
(Cannon)
Yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, uh, yeah, yeah

We ain't got time
I drop my demons off, clear my mind
Ridin' 'round town with a bad ass bitch, she a dime (Hold up)
All these niggas, they cap 'round here, they stay lyin' (Hold up)
We ain't got time
I drop my demons off (Yeah), clear my mind
Ridin' 'round town with a bad ass bitch (Yeah), she a dime (Hold up)
All these niggas, they cap 'round here (Yeah), they stay lyin' (Hold up)

Four, five, six, seven bitches keep callin' my line (My line)
You cap like Mitchell & Ness, lil' nigga, stop lying (No cap, nah)
Chop that top on my Lam', I'm living my life (Livin' my life, nah)
Chopped-up chicken and shrimp cut in my rice (Uh)
Spanish bitch call me papi, I can make her my wife (Make her my wife)
She want new Versace, put Medusa on her eyes (Medusa on her eyes)
Me and Cash Carti got them sisters, 'bout to put 'em on a flight (Put 'em on a flight)
Diamonds in the Cartier lenses, you can see 'em in the night (See 'em in the night)
Call Balmain, ask 'em why my jeans so tight? (Jeans so tight)
No, traffic in all lanes, I don't think you really wanna ride (Really wanna ride)
Young GunWun one up, you not my kind (Not my kind)
Five, six, seven, eight watches, I ain't wastin' my time (Wastin' my time)
You might also like
We ain't got time
I drop my demons off, clear my mind
Ridin' 'round town with a bad ass bitch, she a dime (Hold up)
All these niggas, they cap 'round here, they stay lyin' (Hold up)
We ain't got time
I drop my demons off (Yeah), clear my mind
Ridin' 'round town with a bad ass bitch (Yeah), she a dime (Hold up)
All these niggas, they cap 'round here (Yeah), they stay lyin' (Hold up)

My bitch fine, huh
You don't wanna lie, hold up
My bitch bitin', hold up
These niggas been bitin', yeah
But my diamonds keep bitin', uh
These hoes be bitin', hold up
These niggas be bitin', hold up, hold up
Bitch, I'm the bomb, yeah, Bin Laden
Got a bitch hittin' the line right now, yeah, say she got molly, uh, yeah
Sour, yeah, I don't do sour (Nah, yeah)
OG, you know me, yeah
It's cold outside, I need a long sleeve, yeah
Ballin' on your ho like Kobe, uh (Ballin')
Dunkin' on your ho like no B
Bald head like Ginóbili
Piru, watch my nose bleed
That boy dead
Arm and a leg, hold up, yeah
Head and chest
Turnin' your head
Take your bread
We ain't got time
I drop my demons off, clear my mind
Ridin' 'round town with a bad ass bitch, she a dime (Hold up)
All these niggas, they cap 'round here, they stay lyin' (Hold up)
We ain't got time
I drop my demons off (Yeah), clear my mind
Ridin' 'round town with a bad ass bitch (Yeah), she a dime (Hold up)
All these niggas, they cap 'round here (Yeah), they stay lyin' (Hold up)36Embed
Huh, was that blood?
What is this?
You shouldn't have touched anything from that basement
Pokunda
Estrada
Untosei
Canda
You're all going to die tonightYou might also likeEmbed
Damn, damn, damn
Carti, Carti
Let it rain
Pink rain

Grip the .44 mag (Uh)
44 niggas at the door, hold the gats (Hold the gats)
Are you old (Are you old)? Where the cash?
Bitch, splash (Uh)
Straight mob on your ass
Body bags, zombie flesh
TFZ, fuck the rest
Got it for you, call for the homie, pour for the homie (Yeah)
I blow torch the heavens, do you smell that loud fragrance
Oh, God (Oh, God), we don't talk a lot (Uh-huh)
Unless I’m on that pot (Uh Huh)
But yeah, we cool (Bitch)
Swimming pool (Bitch)
Chilling with a goddess, she from a Island
My weed just took (Uh-huh), girl you ain't styling
Black specs (Yeah),gold on the rim
I ain't afraid, beam on your chest, I take your last breath
Bitch, like I stunt, I grind
Nose grind, I’m high off weed
I been third degree fine, Santa Clause red nose, bitch
Throat off the vlne, yeah
Yo, tell me how it feel
When the coke simulate your mind
She still vacant here, hit it from behind (Uh)
I don't hear these hoes, Van Gogh
Sports car, but I drive slow
Glanced at the refugee like who the fuck is you (Who the fuck is you)
Nigga, fuck your crew (Bitch)
You might also like
Bad bitch (Bad bitch), she don't drink (She don't drink)
She just sip the pink (She just sip the pink)
Gave me brain, (Gave me brain)
Bad bitch (Bad bitch), she don't drink (She don't drink)
She just sip the pink (She just sip the pink)
Gave me brain, (Gave me brain)
Bad bitch (Bad bitch), she don't drink (She don't drink)
She just sip the pink (She just sip the pink)
Gave me brain, (Gave me brain)
Bad bitch (Bad bitch), she don’t drink (She don’t drink)
She just sip the pink (She just sip the pink)
Gave me brain, (Gave me brain)

Got niggas on go 'cause they have to, cash rules
For the right price, they’d be glad to
Have you heard what you prefer
Don't talk, let you walk, anything'll work
Sipping on light pink, I think much different
Make a grown man devolve to an infant
With guns involved, our coverage goes missing
Your body get found, no revision
Don't judge me off what you see in the album
, then my Diesel is sour
On the herb, I’m an owl
Bitch, I'm a G, not a word with a vowel
Holy shit, Rollie my wrist
I'm holding her head, she holding my dick
Giving me head, still treat her like shit
I feed her the needle, bitch, I'm a prick
Sitting back corner, my niggas on that fuck shit
Just smoking on that loud, that's very disruptive
In the crowd, make it heavily function
Karats in my ear, blowing down on an onion
Just me and my niggas, we too real
Middle finger how you feel
(You try stop )
(With my nigga Carti, yeah)
Bad bitch (Bad bitch), she don't drink (She don't drink)
She just sip the pink (She just sip the pink)
Gave me brain, (Gave me brain)
Bad bitch (Bad bitch), she don't drink (She don't drink)
She just sip the pink (She just sip the pink)
Gave me brain, (Gave me brain)
Bad bitch (Bad bitch), she don't drink (She don't drink)
She just sip the pink (She just sip the pink)
Gave me brain, (Gave me brain)
Bad bitch (Bad bitch), she don't drink (She don't drink)
She just sip the pink (She just sip the pink)
Gave me brain, (Gave me brain)1Embed
Get shot in your head (Psh, shot, yeah)
(Yo, Pi'erre, you wanna come out here?)
Yeah, yeah (What? Yeah, what? What?)
It's a whole lotta red (What?)
It's a load (What? What? Yeah)
A load (Whole lot...)

Whole lotta hoes, whole lotta red, whole lotta bitches (Whole lotta, yeah)
I just popped this Xan', can't feel my face (Hold up, yeah)
Hundred thousand spread all in my case, hold up (What?)
You can get shot in your head, young nigga, yeah, fuck your face (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Got a bad-ass bitch right now, she runnin' 'round in my place (Hold up, yeah)
Put the pussy-ass nigga right down his motherfuckin' place (Bah, bah, bah, yeah, bah, bah)
I'm in the back of the spot, yeah, this my place (Hold up, woah)
I'ma show a nigga how to ball, show a nigga how to play (Hold up, go)
Spent a bag on my teeth, yeah
Got these hoes on fleek, uh (Yeah)
Got these hoes on me (Yeah)
You want Chanel (You want Chanel)
Shawty, you hell (Shawty, you hell)
Pushin' that bitch (Hold up, yeah)
Ridin' in Hell (Hold up, yeah)
This a 'Cat (Hold up, yeah)
Rose gold pack (Hold up, yeah)
Plaques on plaques (Hold up, yeah)
Nigga from the Flat, yeah (Yeah, wow)
Shawty pull up to the trap
Got a bitch and a nat (Hold up, yeah)
Can't thug like me (Hold up, yeah)
And the cup still lean (Hold up, yeah)
Got X and the lean
You might also like
Whole lotta hoes, whole lotta red, whole lotta bitches (Whole lotta bitches, yeah)
I just popped this Xan', can't feel my face (Hold up, yeah)
Hundred thousand spread all in my case (Hold up, what?)
You can get shot in your head, young nigga, yeah, fuck your face (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Got a bad-ass bitch right now, she runnin' 'round in my place (Hold up)
Put the pussy-ass nigga right down his motherfuckin' place (Bah, bah, bah, yeah, bah, bah, yeah, yeah)
I'm in the back of the spot, yeah, this my place
I'ma show a nigga how to ball, show a nigga how to play (Hold up, woah, woah)19Embed
(That-that-that-that-that be Maaly Raw)

(Flat, yeah, I'm from the Flat)
Whole lotta bags, whole lotta cash (Whole lotta flex, slatt)
Whole lotta hoes, whole lotta ass (Slatt, slatt)
Young nigga got swag, hold up (Got swag)
Gotta wave my flag, hold up (Wave my flag)
Got a bitch in the back, yeah (Bitch in the back)
Play with them racks, yeah (Slatt)
Iced-out plaque, yeah (Slatt)
Heart attack, yeah, yeah (Heart attack)
Clapped his bitch, hold up, uh (Hold up)
AP wrist, hold up, uh (Hold up)
Too much gas, hold up, uh
Take this pic, yeah (Take this pic)

Swag for days, hold up (Days, ayy)
Plays on plays, hold up, uh (Yeah)
J's on J's, hold up (Ayy, ayy)
Bag full of haze, hold up (Blatt, blatt)
In the back with your bitch, hold up (Back with your bitch)
In a drop-top Benz, hold up (Skrrt)
You gotta let shawty in (Slatt, slatt)
Make shawty top-ten, hold up (Top ten)
I made a bitch count ten, hold up (What?)
I met a bitch through a DM (Slatt, slatt)
On the block with the D on (D on, D on)
Hellcat look neon (Hellcat)
Tryna see what we on (Hold up, yeah)
Told that bitch to put the V on (V on)
Dripped down, got the flee on (Flee on)
I got these hoes on VLONE (VLONE, slatt)
Got a girl with the neon, huh (VLONE, Tech)
Everything all neon (Yeah, yeah)
And she rockin' all neon (Slatt, slatt)
And she wearin' all neon (Slatt)
Run it up like Deion
Sippin' Tech, eating key lime (Tech, Tech)
And my swag so beyond
Put the bag on a peon (Slatt, slime)
You might also like
(Flat, yeah, I'm from the Flat)
Whole lotta bags, whole lotta cash (Whole lotta flex, slatt)
Whole lotta hoes, whole lotta ass (Slatt, slatt)
Young nigga got swag, hold up (Got swag)
Gotta wave my flag, hold up (Wave my flag)
Got a bitch in the back, yeah (Bitch in the back)
Play with them racks, yeah (Yeah)
Iced-out plaque, yeah (Slatt)
Heart attack, yeah, yeah (Heart attack)
Clapped his bitch, hold up, uh (Hold up)
AP wrist, hold up, uh
Too much gas, hold up, uh
Take this pic, yeah (Take this pic)24Embed
(Wake up, F1LTHY)

Yeah, I'm in the coupe with a cutter, yeah, sippin' on Wock' (What?)
Yeah, posted with my brother, yeah, he got a mop (What? Yeah)
Posted with my brother, yeah, he got a mop (What? Yeah)
Posted with my brother (Brother), yeah, he got a mop (What? Slatt)
Posted with my brother, yeah, he got a mop

I'm robbin' the bank (Bank, yeah)
I'm robbin' the bank (Bank, yeah)
I ride in the tank (Tank, yeah)
I ride in the tank (Tank, yeah)
My bitch, she got cake (Cake, what?)
My bitch, she got cake (Cake, what?)
Wе stay in the house, uh
Can't leavе out the place (Slatt, slatt)
I just caught a case (Slatt, what?)
Got dirt on my face (Slatt)
Got tats on my face (Slatt, slatt)
I'm servin' that base (Yeah)
I'm servin' that base (Base, yeah)
I'm servin' that base (Base, yeah)
I got me some thots (Thots, thots)
They thought I was gay (Slatt, woah)
Lamborghini parked outside, it's purple like lean (Woah, woah)
Lamborghini parked outside, it's purple like lean (Woah, yeah)
I'm tryna fuck on a thot and sip on some lean (Lean, blatt, what?)
I'm tryna fuck on a thot and sip on some lean (What?)
I love all my thots and codeine (Thots, codeine)
I love all my thots and codeine (Yeah, yeah)
I'm a rockstar, bitch, this what I bleed
Nigga tryna play me, I'ma make him bleed
You might also like
Yeah, I'm in the coupe with a cutter, yeah, sippin' on Wock' (What?)
Yeah, posted with my brother, yeah, he got a mop (What? What?)
Posted with my brother, yeah, he got a mop (What?)
Posted with my brother, yeah, he got a mop (What? Slatt)31Embed
Do it...
Watch it...
Do it how I...
Watch it...
She ugly hot, like a chick that call you to borrow
Five hunnid, then promise she gon' pay you back tomorrow
Then left with a scammer with a Gucci hat from Marshalls
Slept with him, then woke up, saw his watch was a Fossil
Everybody wear a costume, spray a little extra perfume
YEEZYs in the stock room, that's the name, make the stock boom
Hit the club with at least ten, you in a 500, that's a cheap Benz
I promised Playboi we'd get the tape out 'fore the weekend is over
Too famous to sneak in
Wolverine in a sheep skin, I be goin' off the deep end
We here for a reason, boy, we got more to do
You text just like, "Yo," I'm like, "Yo, I been avoidin' you"
Ye Jesus gang, you correct
You always askin' for Buddha, you a Budapest (Ayy)
If they don't play this, call the DJ
This verse just shut down the freeway
Born in the A, you can't impeach Ye
The case so brief, don't bring your briefcase
You might also like
What?
What?
What?
What?
What? (Yeah)
What?
What?

Go, go to the moon (Yeah, Carti)
Go to the moon (What?)
Go to the moon (Slatt)

Shawty tell me, what's up? (Yeah, slatt)
Got some drank in my cup (Yeah, yeah)
Got my opp in my blunt (Yeah, yeah)
Niggas try to keep up (Yeah, yeah)
In the car with my son (Yeah, yeah)
Get killed by a pump (What?)
I got a redhead (Yeah)
My vibe is tough (Okay)
I done been through a lot (Okay)
I done seen some stuff (Carti)
Everything dope
Shoutout to the bluff (What?)49Embed
What? Yeah
Like, I'm too lit, like, oh my god

Damn
How the fuck we got to where we started?
This love don't feel how it felt when we started (What?)
This love don't feel how it felt when we started (What?)
Got me thinkin' so deep, I'm in my conscience
Got me doin' these drugs, they help me balance (Shawty, I'm geeked, yeah)
I ain't tryna blame you, but this shit a challenge (Oh, what? What?)
I live my life like a kid with allowance
My life so fast, I need me a down bitch (Fast, hold on)
Anarchy tatted under my armpit
Don't make me start a fuckin' riot (Anarchy, yeah)
Sometimes this shit get so excitin' (What? What?)
We ridin' 'round, we startin' riots (What? What?)
We rob the bank 'cause we want profit (Damn)
We took our share and kept it solid (What? What? What?)
We took that route 'cause we about it (Yeah)
Say you catchin' them bodies, I highly doubt it (Catchin' them bodies, what? Yeah)
My boys shot at them niggas and he rollin' off molly (Catchin' them bodies, yeah, yeah)
We fucked up they kickbacks, fucked up they parties (Catchin' them bodies, yeah, yeah)
I jump off the rope, I feel like Jeff Hardy (Feel like Jeff Hardy, mm, Hardy)
Got tats on my sleeve like Ed Hardy (Ed, yeah, Hardy)
I'm smokin' that weed just like I'm Marley (Just like I'm Marley, yeah)
One shot and he bleed, please don't bother me (Baow-baow-boom)
You might also like
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Okay, woo (Yeah, yeah, yeah, damn)

How the fuck we got to where we started? Huh?
Your love don't feel the same like when we started (What? What?)
Shoulda known this shit was not real when it started (What? What? What?)
Yeah, everybody fake, this shit retarded (What? Damn)
My back to the wall (What? What?)
My back to the wall (What? What?)
Can't fuck with these dirty lil' hoes, these bitches be irkin' me, yup (What? What?)
Can't put my trust in no ho, hell nah, lil' bro (What? What?)
I pass that bitch to my boy, like, "Here, lil' bro" (What? What?)
I took the Phantom outside, it ride like a boat (What? What?)
And I took off with them M's and I stuck to the code (What? What?)

Damn
Ooh, yeah
I'm too lit, oh my god, yeah47Embed
(808 Mafia)

Spent a hundred K on my son, I bought my sister a Jeep (What?)
Can't fuck with these hood hoes no more, they don't give a fuck about me (What?)
All black 2-3, LeBron with the heat (What? 23, 23)
I was just in Miami in the Rolls-Royce geeked (What? Yeah, Rolls-Royce, geeked)
Lil' Tommy got an FN in the backseat (What? Yeah, in the backseat)
Red rag, red flag, bitch, you better make peace (Yeah)
I'm in this bitch with my killers (Yeah)
Whole lotta motherfuckin' niggas (Yeah)
We got them motherfuckin' choppers (Yeah)
I pick you up, nigga, I get you (Yeah)
I said I don't fuck with these niggas (Yeah)
We see 'em, we punchin' them niggas (Yeah)
We upping the score on these niggas (Yeah)
Go out the back door on that nigga (Yeah)
Go out the back door on that nigga (Yeah)
Go out the back door on that nigga (Yeah)
Go out the back door on that nigga (Yeah)
Go out the back door on that nigga (Yeah)
Go back
You was still posted with my boy, yeah, my slatt (Okay)
Beno, he go crazy, you know that (What? What? Yeah)
You might also like
Whole lotta bands in this bitch (What? Yeah)
Whole lotta cash in this bitch (Yeah)
Hop on the motherfuckin' plane (Yeah)
I just popped me a G6 (Yeah)
You know that I love to stay high (Yeah)
My shawty just said that she bi (Yeah)
She carry that shit, she gon' ride (Yeah)
I fucked her then told her she mine (Yeah)
I'm really not with telling lies (Yeah)
I really don't hang around guys (Yeah)
The streets treat me like a god (Yeah)
My bitch treat me like a god (Yeah)
Got a main and a side (Yeah, side)
Fuck fame, I ride with the fire
Blow out the brain in the ride (Ugh)
Blow out the brain in the ride (Yeah)
I'm riding 'round town with a ratchet bitch (Ayy)
She say, "Carti, you back on your ratchet shit" (Ayy)
I rock diamonds, the Patek from Eliantte (What?)
Show me something that Carti not better than
If a nigga keep talking, we running in (Yeah)
Get that nigga kicked out like I'm punting it (Yeah)
On the block rolling dice and I'm going in
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah, yeah
Spent a hundred K on my son, I bought my sister a Jeep (What?)
Can't fuck with these hood hoes no more, they don't give a fuck about me (What?)
All black 2-3, LeBron with the heat (What? 23, 23)
I was just in Miami in the Rolls-Royce geeked (What? Yeah, Rolls-Royce, geeked)
Lil' Tommy got an FN in the backseat (What? Yeah, in the backseat)
Red rag, red flag, bitch, you better make peace (Yeah)
I'm in this bitch with my killers (Yeah)
Whole lotta motherfuckin' niggas (Yeah)
We got them motherfuckin' choppers (Yeah)
I pick you up, nigga, I get you (Yeah)
I said I don't fuck with these niggas (Yeah)
We see 'em, we punchin' them niggas (Yeah)
We upping the score on these niggas (Yeah)
Go out the back door on that nigga (Yeah)
Go out the back door on that nigga (Yeah)
Go out the back door on that nigga (Yeah)
Go out the back door on that nigga (Yeah)
Go out the back door on that nigga (Yeah)
Go back
You was still posted with my boy, yeah, my slatt (Okay)
Beno, he go crazy, you know that (What? What? Yeah)24Embed
Out of here, outer space
Pussy all on my face
Money down for my case
I can't lie, life's great
I can't lie, life's great
Yeah, you know this shit been good
Yeah, you know I'm from the hood
But I made it out that hood
But I made it out the wood
Smokin' on dope every day as I should
Countin' up money every day as I should
Fuckin' on hoes every day as I should
I'm a big boss, yeah, I feel like Suge
Don't care 'bout the cost, I'ma make the bitch plug
I can bet, make the bitch ride on that
Her nigga walked in, had a heart attack
I'm 800, I'm part of that
Wе got the same opps screamin' "follow back"
Wе shoot at these niggas, no poppin' back
I'm hittin' the trigger, I'm off of that
They copycat see, copycat Vamp
I light the bitch up just like a lamp
I had a red flag before I was stamped
Niggas dyin' by hoes, niggas dyin' by tramp
We can shoot at the bitch, shoot at the camp
Shoot at that bitch, shoot at his camp
Shoot at that bitch, shoot at his camp
Shoot at that bitch, we shoot at his camp
My shooter gon' shoot, he gon' shoot
My shooter gon' shoot at ya
My shooter gon' shoot at…
My shooter gon' shoot you, yeah
I gotta go bananas one time
I fucked a bitch in Panama
She gonna be here tomorrow
You might also like
I'm not playin' no more, yeah
I'm not playin' no more, oh yeah
I'm not playin' no more
I'm not playin', yeah, I'm not playin'
I'm not playin', I'm not playin'
I'm not playin', I'm not playin'
I'm not playin', I'm not playin', yeah
I'm not playing, I'm not playin'
I'm not playing, I'm not playin', yeah18Embed
Fifteen outside, baby, I was actin' like a damn thug
I wanted to be just like my brother, he was sellin' drugs (What?)
I wanted to be just like my brother, he a damn thug (What?)
Reggie Carter, Reggie (Yeah)
That's my brother (What?)
Jordan Carter, Carti (What?)
I'm your brother

I'm gon' die by my guys, yeah (I'm gon' die)
I'm gon' die by my brother (What? Die)
I'm gon' die by my guys, yeah (What? What? Yeah)
I'm gon' die by my brother
This one for all my guys (Guys)
This one for the ride-or-dies (Yeah)
Ayy, this one for all my guys (Guys)
This one for the ridе-or-dies

I can't do no Instagram no more (Yeah)
All thе opps lookin' for me (What? What?)
My brother said, "Carti, what you tweakin' for?" (Yeah, yeah)
"You got a whole army 'round you" (What?)
Bitch, I got some niggas ready to crash (Yeah)
New car, yeah, I push to dash (Yeah)
Push out that bitch and I smash (What? What?)
Push out that bitch and I smash (What? What?)
I'm so fuckin' high, I might crash (What? Crash, yeah)
The drugs kickin' in real fast (What?)
If I die, it's gon' be real sad (What?)
So I fuck on my bitch like it's our last (What?)
I'm a rockstar, so I never can relax (Bitch)
We some rockstars, we the new Black Flag (Bitch)
Try this rockstar, put some money on your ass (King Vamp)
Put some money on your ass (What? What? What?)
You might also like
Watch this nigga spaz (Yeah, what? Yeah)
Watch this nigga spaz (Yeah, bitch, go)
Watch this nigga spaz (What? What? Go)
Watch this nigga spaz (What? What? What? Go)
Watch this nigga spaz (Go, go, go, go, what?)
Watch this nigga spaz (What? Go, what? What? What? What? Go)
(Whole Lotta Red)28Embed
Everywhere I go, I get paper (What?)
Everywhere I go, I get paper (What? Slatt, slatt)
I'm a rockstar, I could've joined Slayer (Rockstar, rockstar, rockstar)
Got the drum in the car, that bitch a slayer (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Get put in a box for fuckin' with a player (What? Yeah, yeah)
AR in the box and it came with a laser (What? Yeah)
I go cook a opp, yeah, just like I cater, yeah (Yeah, yeah)
I fuck on my thot, yeah, we met in Decatur (Yeah)
I go ball on that bitch, yeah, just like a Blazer (What? Yeah)
Can't start with thе bitch, I link another one later (What?)

I gotta gеt it together (You dig?)
I'm livin' my life like a rebel (What?)
They tried to lock me in a kennel (What?)
I beat the case, it was simple (What?)
Fresh out of court, yeah (Yeah)
Jump in the Porsche, yeah (What?)
Slide through the hood, yeah (What?)
Everything good, yeah (Yeah)

Whole lotta mob shit (What?)
Whole lotta mob (What?), whole lotta mob shit (What? What? Yeah)
Whole lotta mob shit (What?)
Whole lotta mob (What?), whole lotta mob shit (What? Yeah)
Whole lotta mob shit (What? What?)
Whole lotta mob (What?), whole lotta mob shit (What? Yeah)
Whole lotta mob shit (What? What?)
Whole lotta mob (What?), whole lotta mob shit (What? Yeah)
What? What?
Whole lotta mob shit
What? Let's go, let's go
Whole lotta mob shit
What? Let's go, let's go
Whole lotta mob shit
Whole lotta mob shit
Whole lotta mob (What?), whole lotta mob shit (What? What?)
You might also like
I got these bitches goin' crazy (Yeah)
I got these bitches goin' crazy (Yeah)
I walk in the mall, they go crazy (What? What?)
I walk in the mall, they go crazy (What? What?)
Got plaques on the wall, I go crazy (Yeah)
Got plaques on the wall, I go crazy (Yeah)
I got rich and had me a baby (Yeah)
I got rich and had me a baby (Yeah)
I drive a coupe, you know it's the latest
Sellin' cocaine just like the '80s
I caught a body and went on vacation
She suckin' my dick, I was on the PlayStation (Woo, woo)
I ride in a Demon, I took off, I'm racin'
I ride in a Demon, I feel like I'm Satan (Woo, woo)
I'm fuckin' these bitches, I'm fuckin' these bitches
I gave her some money to put in her savings (Woo, woo)
I popped me a molly and now I feel faded
Muhammad Ali, I feel like the greatest (Slatt, woo)
This nigga tried me and I left him hazy (Yeah, yeah)
I fucked on this bitch, but she cannot date me (Woo, woo)

I gotta get it together (You dig?)
I'm livin' my life like a rebel (What?)
They tried to lock me in a kennel (What?)
I beat the case, it was simple (What?)
Fresh out of court, yeah (Yeah)
Jump in the Porsche, yeah (What?)
Slide through the hood, yeah (What?)
Everything good, yeah (Yeah)
Whole lotta mob shit (What?)
Whole lotta mob (What?), whole lotta mob shit (What? What? Yeah)
Whole lotta mob shit (What?)
Whole lotta mob (What?), whole lotta mob shit (What? Yeah)
Whole lotta mob shit (What? What?)
Whole lotta mob (What?), whole lotta mob shit (What? Yeah)
Whole lotta mob shit (What? What?)
Whole lotta mob (What?), whole lotta mob shit (What? Yeah)
What? What? (What?)
Whole lotta mob shit (Woo, woo)
What? Let's go, let's go
Whole lotta mob shit
What? Let's go, let's go
Whole lotta mob shit
Whole lotta mob shit
Whole lotta mob (What?), whole lotta mob shit (What? What? What?)26Embed
Yeah
What?
(Yo, Pi'erre, you wanna come out here?)
What? What?
What? What?
Yeah
Yeah

I'm thinkin' 'bout dyin' my hair red just to look like a pint of red
I like all of my cups so dirty, I been sippin' that Bloody Mary
I mix all of my problems and prometh' until I roll on my death bed
I mix all of my problems and prometh' until I roll on my death bed
Don't get close, uh, baby, don't get too close
Don't get close, yeah, baby, don't get too close
What you don't know, it won't hurt 'cause you don't know (What?)
What you don't know (Yeah), it won't hurt 'cause you don't know

I gotta eat, I gotta eat
I got some E, I got some E
I got some molly, shawty with me
Shawty come see, shawty for C
She wanna party, she want young Carti
She wanna ride, ride it and ride it (Yeah)
She wanna pipe all of these bitches
She want that action, she want young Carti
I got these diamonds they blinkin', bitch
All of my phones, stay ringin', bitch (What?)
She like them niggas that really rich
My hands on my stick like a little witch
I told her, "I really don't do this shit"
That money gon' make this bitch do this shit (Go)
Codeine in my cup 'cause I do this shit (Codeine)
Codeine in my drank, bitch, I do this shit (Syrup)
You know that my body is full of it
You know that my shawty be full of it
You know that I'm hot, bitch, I'm horny
I'm takin' these chances and doin' it
We take off your head and remove the bitch
My shawty rock gold like a Buddha bitch
And shoutout my cousin, he coolin' it
We really hot boys, we not new to this
We really hot boys, we not new to this
You might also like
I'm thinkin' 'bout dyin' my hair red just to look like a pint of red
I like all of my cups so dirty, I been sippin' that Bloody Mary (Yeah)
I mix all of my problems and prometh' until I roll on my death bed (Yeah)
I mix all of my problems and prometh' until I roll on my death bed (What?)
Don't get close, uh, baby, don't get too close (Yeah)
Don't get close, yeah, baby, don't get too close (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, what?)
What you don't know, it won't hurt 'cause you don't know
What you don't know, it won't hurt 'cause you don't know55Embed
Pluto
We on the X, we on the codeine (Pluto)
We on the X, we on the codeine (Pluto)
We on the X, we on the codeine (Pluto)
We on the X, we on the codeine

I'm on the X, I'm on the codeine (Yeah, yeah)
I'm on the X, I'm on the codeine (Yeah, yeah)
I'm on the X, I'm on the codeine (Woo, yeah)
I'm on the X, I'm on the codeine (Hold up, talkin' 'bout)
We on the X, we on the codeine (Yeah, talkin' 'bout)
We on the X, we on the codeine (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
We on the X, we on the codeine (Woo, woo, woo)
We on the X, we on the codeine

I just broke up with my bitch (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I done fell in love with Act (Yeah, yeah, woah, yeah)
And I pulled up with them sticks (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
He gon' lose his last breath (Yeah, woo, woo, woo)
Racks on my baby (Hold on, hold on)
200K Mercedes (Woo, woo, woo)
I just smashed on my bitch (Yeah, yeah, woo)
Now I got her on some other shit (Yeah, woo, woo, woo)
'Bout to pop these Percs and chop this molly, huh (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'm gon' be leanin' right in the lobby (Woo)
I just seen that bitch at the airport (Yeah)
I smoked that bitch just like a Newport (Yeah, yeah, yeah, got money)
You might also like
I'm on the X, I'm on the codeine (Cough syrup; yeah)
I'm on the X, I'm on the codeine (Yeah, yeah)
I'm on the X, I'm on the codeine (Crazy, yeah)
I'm on the X, I'm on the codeine (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
We on the X, we on the codeine (Woo, woo)
We on the X, we on the codeine (Yeah, yeah, woo, talkin' 'bout)
We on the X, we on the codeine (Woo, woo)
We on the X, we on the codeine (Woo)

Spent a hundred fifty thousand on the lingerie (Ayy, ayy)
I been on X, I been on codeine
Spent a hundred fifty thousand on the lingerie (Find me, nigga)
I been on X, I been on codeine (Talkin' 'bout, ayy)
Draco loaded, ooh, Swiss cheese (Draco, brrt)
Don't fuck the bitch, she the police (Fuck that bitch)
Bitch tryna lie on the pussy, ho, please (Talkin' 'bout)
I popped the X pill, drank gon' ruin me (Talkin' 'bout)
Rockin' this shit better than Billie Jean
Popped some X, drank some codeine (I'm getting high tonight)
Put her on the Percocet, bitch, I can't feel my knees (Woo, shit)
I'm startin' to feel like a rich dope fiend (Shit)

I'm on the X, I'm on the codeine (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'm on the X, I'm on the codeine (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'm on the X, I'm on the codeine (Yeah, yeah)
I'm on the X, I'm on the coco
Codeine, uh (Yeah, yeah), codeine, uh (Yeah)
Codeine, uh (Yeah), codeine, uh (Yeah)
I got a lean gut, I got some money up (Yeah)
I got the cocaine (Uh), codeine up (Yeah, ah, yeah)

I'm on the X, I'm on the codeine (Ooh, ooh, ooh, yeah)
I'm on the X, I'm on the codeine (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
I'm on the X, I'm on the codeine (Yeah)
I'm on the X, I'm on the codeine (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
We on the X, we on the codeine (Woo, woo)
We on the X, we on the codeine (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
We on the X, we on the codeine (Woo, woo, ooh)
We on the X, we on the codeine (Woo, ooh)18Embed
What? What?

Jump out the house, jump out the house (What?)
Jump out the house, jump out the house (What?)
Jump out the house, jump out the house (What?)
Jump out the house, jump out the house (What?)
Jump out the house, jump out the house (What?)
Jump out the house, jump out the house (What?)
Jump out the house, jump out the house (What?)
Jump out the house
Jump out that bitch (What?), jump out that bitch (What?)
Jump out that bitch (What?), jump out that bitch (What?)
Jump out that bitch (What?), jump out that bitch (I jump out that bitch)
Jump out that bitch (What?), jump out that bitch

Yeah, racks, I'm talkin' 'bout my motherfuckin' bitch (What?)
Racks, I'm talkin' 'bout my motherfuckin' bitch (What?)
Racks, I'm talkin' 'bout my motherfuckin' bitch (What?)
Racks, I'm talkin' 'bout my motherfuckin' bitch (What?)
Bags, I got them bags, bitch (What?)
Bags, I got them bags, bitch (What?)
Bags, I got a fast car
Bags, I ain't even drive it
Fit, I ain't even drivе it (What?)
Fit, I ain't even drive it (What?)
Fit, I ain't еven drive it (What?)
I ain't even drive it
SRT with no mileage
SRT, it's not silent (Yeah)
You might also like
Jump out the house, jump out the house (What?)
Jump out the house, jump out the house (What?)
Jump out the house, jump out the house (What?)
Jump out the house, jump out the house (What?)
Jump out the house, jump out the house (What?)
Jump out the house, jump out the house (What?)
Jump out the house, jump out the house (What?)
Jump out the house
Jump out that bitch (What?), jump out that bitch (What?)
Jump out that bitch (What?), jump out that bitch (What?)
Jump out that bitch (What?), jump out that bitch (I jump out that bitch)
Jump out that bitch (What?), jump out that bitch31Embed
When them vamps outside, lil' bitch, you better be ready
When them guns outside, lil' bitch, you better be ready
When the stars align, lil' bitch, you better be ready
I won't take my time, lil' bitch, you know I'm ready
I want it right now, lil' bitch, you know I'm ready (Go, yeah)
My flag the same color as cranberry (Cranberry)
You come 'round by my gang, it's Hail Mary
Them niggas not no thugs, they some fairies (Yeah, yeah)
I'm playing with them birds like I'm Larry (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
We pop right by the curb, they can't tell it (Yeah)
I'm smoking on them herbs, you can smell it (Yeah)
This bag I got all orange like a felon (Yeah)
My bitch, she say she want me, niggas telling
We caught him on the block, we topped his melon (Top, yeah)
We push up to your spot like it's nothing (Yeah)
Free all them young niggas, free Young Melvin (Yeah)
Free all them young niggas, free my cousin (Okay, yeah)
Pussy-ass niggas always bluffing
Pump fake, nigga, you ain't tough (Yeah, tough)
I swear to God if I tote that bitch I'ma hit that boy (Baow, baow)
I swear to God, I just play with the pussy, I don't play with boys (Baow, baow)
You come 'round by my gang, we gon' let them bullets fly (Baow, yeah)
I been sipping on codeine, I got pink eyes (Yeah)
.223 gon' hit him up, he done got hypnotized (Baow)
I done made a mil' in a white tee, but I ain't Franchize (Baow)
These niggas be the new bitches, they just dickride (Slatt)
I done called up to the hotel, she left me paralyzed (Uh)
You might also like
Vamp anthem, vamp anthem
Vamp anthem, vamp anthem (Yeah)
Vamp anthem, vamp anthem (Yeah)
Vamp anthem, vamp anthem (Yeah)
Vamp, uh, vamp, uh
Vamp, yeah, vamp, uh
Vamp, uh, vamp, yeah
Vamp, vamp
Vamp, uh, vamp, uh
Vamp, uh, vamp, uh
Vamp, vamp, uh
Vamp38Embed
(What?)
(What? What? What?)
Push up (What? What?)
Push up (Woo)
Push up, yeah (Woo)
Push up (What? Woo)
Push (Yeah)
Push (Slatt)
Push (Blatt)

Ride 'round town with the Draco, bih
D-R-A-C-O, yeah (Woo, woo)
Ride 'round town with the Draco, bih
D-R-A-C-O, yeah
D-R-A-C-O (Yeah), D-R-A-C-O (Yeah)
D-R-A-C-O (Yeah), D-R-A-C-O

I got a Draco in my bookbag, lil' bitch (Go, yeah, woo)
That motherfucker got a kickback on it (Yeah, woo)
That motherfucker got a kickback on it (Yeah, woo)
And I put this on Onyx, I'ma leave my opp in the cement
Lay that bitch down in the yard like a picnic
He even ain't got no gun, how the fuck he flexin'?
We gon' push up, bitch, lil' bitch
We gon' push up, bitch, lil' bitch (Pull up)
And I'm takin' shit (Pull up)
Ain't no reasonin' (Huh), ain't no fixin' shit
Every day my birthday, so I made a wish
Every day my birthday, so she suck my dick (Woo, woo)
Right now (What? What?), right now (Woo, woo)
Hold this shit down, hold this shit down
Bitch, I'm a king, but I'm tryna put on my crown
Hold this shit down
You might also like
Push up
Push up (Hold this)
Push up, yeah (Woo, woo)
Push up (What?)
Push (Woo, woo)
Push (Slatt)
Push (Slatt)

Ride 'round town with the Draco, bih
D-R-A-C-O, yeah (Wah)
Ride 'round town with the Draco, bih (Draco, Draco)
D-R-A-C-O, yeah
D-R-A-C-O (Ridin' 'round), D-R-A-C-O (What? What?)
D-R-A-C-O (Woo, woo), D-R-A-C-O (Woo, woo)27Embed
(Wake up, F1LTHY)
Breathin' (Blatt, yeah)
Breathin' (What? Yeah)
Breathin' (Haha)

I take my shirt off and all the hoes stop breathin' (Ayy, yeah)
I take my shirt off and all the hoes stop breathin' (Yeah)
I take my shirt off and all the hoes stop breathin' (Yeah, what? Yeah)
I take my shirt off and all the hoes stop breathin' (What? Yeah, yeah, what?)
Breathin', breathin', bitches stop breathin' (Yeah)
Breathin', breathin', I think that bitch not breathin' (Ayy, what? What? What?)
Breathin', breathin', bitches stop breathin' (Yeah, ayy, yeah)
Brеathin', breathin', I think that bitch not breathin' (What? Yeah, what?)

Ha, ha, ha, ha (Slatt, ayy)
Ha, ha (Yеah), ha, ha (Ayy)
Ha, ha (Yeah), ha (Oh my), ha (Yeah)
Ha, ha (What?), ha (What?), ha (What? Damn)

Ever since my brother died (What? Died, what?)
Ever since my brother died (Died, what? What? Yeah)
I've been thinkin' 'bout homicide (What? What? What? What?)
I've been thinkin' 'bout homicide (What? What? What? What?)
Free Lil' Tip (What? Ooh), free Migo Bliff (What? Ah)
Free all my guys (What?), free Problem Child (What?)
I been with lil' Demon and lil' Beno and R5 (What? What? Demon in that)
Ridin' in a tank on 285 (Five, what? What?)
On the way to Front Street, who say we ain't outside? (Yeah)
Smokin' on the Henchmen (What?), got a nigga fried
I'm hangin' with the Pirus (What? What?), hangin' with the Fives (Yeah)
I got mob ties, I got fuckin' mob ties (Yeah)
I got niggas in chain gang on my side (What? What? What? What? Chain gang)
I got niggas in chain gang on my side (What? What? What? What?)
I had the niggas shank Ola for a pie (What? What? What? What?)
I had the niggas shank Ola for a pie (What? What? What? What?)
I'm on demon time (What? What?), I'm on demon time (What? What? Tell 'em)
Bitch, I'm out my body (What? What?), I done lost my mind (What? What? Yeah)
I'm a young bitch (What? What? Bitch), but I'm in my prime (What? What? Yeah)
I'm a young bitch (What? What? Go), but I'm in my prime (What? What? Yeah)
Pussy-ass niggas can't hang 'round me (What? What? What?)
All these pussy-ass niggas liabilities (What? What? What?)
I'm too shiesty, I ain't got no OG (What? Woo)
I keep the blicky, blicky just in case they try me (What? Blicky, blicky, what?)
Kill me a opp (What? Slatt), kill me a opp (Ooh, what? Okay)
Carry a mop (Yeah, what?), carry a mop (Yeah, what?)
The chopper won't stop (Choppa, choppa, what?)
The chopper won't stop (Choppa, choppa, what?)
I fuck on your thot (Choppa, choppa, what?)
I fuck on your thot
You fuck with my opps? (Opps, woo)
You fuck with my opps? (Yeah, yeah)
You fuck with my opps? (What? Yeah, yeah)
You fuck with the cops (What? What?)
Brand new 'Ventador, I drove that bitch right to the moon (Moon, what?)
I just hit a lick with a mask, MF DOOM (Woo, woo, what? Woo, woo)
I just rocked the show on some mothafuckin' shrooms (God, woo)
I fucked my biggest fan in the fuckin' green room (God, yeah)
I gave that ho a band and told her, "Go and buy some shoes" (Ah, what?)
I've been winnin' all day, bitch, I can't lose (Woo, what?)
I got the people goin' crazy (What?), watchin' all my moves (Yeah)
My bitch said I dress real nice, dress cool (Ayy)
If Rick don't cut you a check (What?), you better sue (What? What?)
Yeah, what? What? Ha, what?
Ha, what? (Yeah, yeah), ha (Tilt, yeah)
Ha (What? What? What?), ayy
Yeah, what? What?
Yeah, what? (Bitch) Yeah, what? Yeah
You might also like
I take my shirt off and all the hoes stop breathin' (Ayy)
I take my shirt off and all the hoes stop breathin' (Yeah, what? Red)
I take my shirt off and all the hoes stop breathin' (Yeah, what? What? What? Red)
I take my shirt off and all the hoes stop breathin' (What? What? Hold up)
Breathin', breathin', bitches stop breathin' (Yeah)
Breathin', breathin', I think that bitch not breathin' (Ayy, what? Yeah, what? What?)
Breathin', breathin', bitches stop breathin' (Yeah, ayy, what?)
Breathin', breathin', I think that bitch not breathin' (Ayy, what? What?)67Embed
Bah, bah, bah (What?)
Bah, bah, bah (Go, what?)

When I go to sleep, I dream 'bout murder (Bah, bah, bah, go, what?)
When I go to sleep, I dream 'bout murder (Bah, bah, bah, go, what?)
When I go to sleep, I dream 'bout murder (Go, go, go, let's go)
When I go to sleep, I dream 'bout murder (Go, go, go, let's go)
When I go to sleep, I dream 'bout murder (Go, go, go, let's go)
When I go to sleep, I dream 'bout murder

I can't go nowhere without my Drac' (Yeah, yeah)
I can't go nowhere without my Drac' (What? What? Slatt)
I stay inside posted with my Drac' (Homicide, yeah)
I stay inside posted with my Drac' (Slatt, bah, bah, bah)
Gotta stay on point, can't make mistakes (Bah, bah, bah, bah, yeah)
Can't fuck with nobody, these niggas fake (Bah, bah, bah, bah, yeah)
Got hoes in the lobby, I'm finna takе (Bah, bah, bah, bah)
Got to pop outside, they want the TEC (Bah, bah, bah, bah, yеah)

When I go to sleep, I dream 'bout murder (Go, bah, bah, bah, bah)
When I go to sleep, I dream 'bout murder (Go, what? What?)
When I go to sleep, I dream 'bout murder (Go, go, bah, bah, bah, bah, let's go)
When I go to sleep, I dream 'bout murder (Go, bah, bah, bah, bah, let's go)
When I go to sleep, I dream 'bout murder (Yeah, let's go)
When I go to sleep, I dream 'bout murder (Bah, bah)
You might also like
Bah, bah, bah, bah12Embed
(Wake up, F1lthy)
Fuck you doin'? I told you to stop hangin' 'round here, opp ass bitch
Homicide, homicide, homicide, homicide

Never too much (Uh), never too much (Yeah, uh)
Never too much (Yeah, uh), never too much (Uh)
Never too much (What? Uh), never too much (What? Uh)
Never too much (What? Uh), never too much (What? Bih)

I got some racks, yeah, yeah (What?)
I got some bags, yeah (Bitch)
I got some racks, yeah (Bitch)
I got some bags, yeah (Bitch, yeah)
Never too much (What?), yeah, never too much (Yeah)
Never too much (What?), yeah, never too much (What? Yeah)
She suckin' my dick (What?), she eat it for lunch (What? Uh)
Yeah, I hit it from the back (What?), yeah, I'm beatin' it up (Slatt)
I'm beatin' it up (What?), yeah, I'm beatin' it up (What?)
I'm in love with them drugs (What?), yeah, I'm kissin' the cup (What?)
She in love with the thot (What?), yeah, I don't give no fuck (What?)
I won't stress about a bitch (What?), that's not my slut (What?)
These niggas beefin' over hoes (What?), so I keep it up (What?)
Even when I'm at my fuckin' show (Bop-bop-bop), I keep one tucked (Yeah)
You might also like
(What?)
Rockstar made (Oh yeah, what?)
Rockstar made (What? Yeah)
Rockstar made (What? Ayy)

Uh, never too much (Yeah, yeah), uh, never too much (Yeah)
Never too much, uh, never too much
Uh, never too much (What?), uh, never too much (What?)
Uh, never too much (What?), uh, never too much (What?)
Uh, never too much (Yeah, yeah), uh, never too much (Yeah)
Uh, never too much, uh, never too much (Yeah?)
Uh, never too much (What?), uh, never too much (What? Yeah)
Uh, never too much (What?), uh, never too much (Whole Lotta Red, what?)

(What?)
Rockstar made (What? What? Yeah)
Rockstar made (What? What?)
Rockstar made (What? What?)

I fuck that bitch in the back seat
I fuck that bitch in a wagon (What?)
I fuck that bitch in the back seat (What?)
Now, that bitch braggin' (What? Yeah)
Braggin' (What?), braggin' (What?), got the bitch braggin' (Slatt)
Took the bitch to L.A., now the bitch braggin' (What? What? What? Yeah)
I just killed an opp, yeah, I swear I'm countin' caskets
I could make an opp disappear like magic (Yeah)
Send my niggas to your mama house, it get tragic (What?)
Standin' on the block right now (What?), I'm on the backstreet (What?)
Forty-five hunnid for the drink, yeah, we taxin' (Yeah)
I got gold money and I bought myself a Aston (Yeah)
Dope boys outside, nigga, yeah, we havin' (Yeah)
Got a bad bitch, I don't believe in average, yeah (Yeah)
Uh, never too much (Yeah, yeah), uh, never too much (Yeah)
Never too much, uh, never too much
Uh, never too much (What?), uh, never too much (What?)
Uh, never too much (What?), uh, never too much (What?)
Uh, never too much (Yeah, yeah), uh, never too much (Yeah)
Uh, never too much, uh, never too much (Yeah?)
Uh, never too much (What?), uh, never too much (What? Yeah)
Uh, never too much (What?), uh, never too much (Whole Lotta Red, what?)

(What?)
Rockstar made (What? What? Yeah)
Rockstar made (What? What?)
Rockstar made (What? What?)38Embed
Ayy, punk monk
Ayy, yeah
What?

Know your gang, know your gang (What? What?)
Know your gang, know your gang (What? Ayy, what?)
Know your gang, know your gang (What? What?)
Know your gang, know your gang (What?)
One thing I hate the most (Slatt)
One thing I hate the most (Oh yeah)
Is some friendly-ass niggas (Yeah)
Some friendly-ass niggas (What?)
Some friendly-ass niggas (Woah)
Some friendly-ass niggas (Woah)
Don't talk to me
Don't talk to me (Yeah)
Don't talk to me (Ayy)
Don't talk to me
Them niggas not with us (Us, what?)
Them niggas not with us (What? What?)
Them niggas not with us (What? What? What?)
You might also like
I told my brother yesterday, uh (Uh)
I had every chance to sign all the young niggas
But I was in my bag (Bag, bag)
Really, I don't wanna worry about these niggas (What? No)
I was tryna sign Trippie Redd before they knew about Trippie
I was fuckin' with Lil Keed when he made lil' "Blicky" (Blicky)
And I thought I had Pi'erre, but the label tricked me (What?)
They tried to turn me into a white boy, but I'm not Lil Dicky
I remember I used to follow KEY! and ManMan Savage
Ridin' 'round the hood, I was ridin' with the ratchet (What?)
Lil TJ was my shooter, but they turned that boy against me (What?)
But OG said, "Hold that shit down," so I ain't trippin' (Yeah)
I was in Paris when Offset and Uzi started hittin'
And I had to stay out that shit because that ain't none my business (Yeah)
I just worry 'bout me (Uh, me)
I just worry 'bout me (What? What?)
I gotta worry 'bout me (What? What? What? What?)
I gotta worry 'bout me (What? What? What? What?)
Why? (Why? Yeah, yeah, yeah), oh
I'm not friendly at all (What?)
I don't even want these niggas on my song (No)
I don't even need these niggas on my song (No doubt)
I don't rap, I write poems (What?)
If you think you an ape, bitch, then I'm King Kong (Woah)
If you know you great, bitch, then this your song (What? What?)
We are great (Yeah, what? What? Yeah)
The greatest, yeah (What? Uh, what?)
We are great (What? What?)
The greatest (Yeah, what? Yeah, yeah, yeah)
When you not gang
You turn into a hater
Know your gang, know your gang (Pussy)
Know your gang, know your gang (Pussy bitch, ayy)
Know your gang, know your gang (What? What?)
Know your gang, know your gang (What? What? What? God, yeah)

One thing I hate the most (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
One thing I hate the most (Oh yeah)
Is some friendly-ass niggas (Yeah)
Some friendly-ass niggas (What?)
Some friendly-ass niggas (What?)
Some friendly-ass niggas (What?)
Don't talk to me (Don't talk to me)
Don't talk to me (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Don't talk to me (Don't talk, ayy, yeah)
Don't talk to me (Ayy, ayy, yeah)
Them niggas not with us (What? Us, us, what?)
Them niggas not with us (What? What?)
Them niggas not with us (Yeah, yeah, yeah, uh, what?)41Embed
All my life
Ini was
Ooh, mine was a lover of a wrong kind (Boy)
Keeping what you telling me
I know mine

And I feel like dyin' if you not mine
Shawty front line, yeah, she top of the line
Yeah, she top tier, yeah, she hold it down
We can find out, we can find out, we can find out, yeah
We can find out, we can find out, we can find out, yeah
We can find out, we can find out, we can find out, yeah
Yeah

If you feel like dyin'
If you feel like dyin' for love
If you feel like dyin'

(On a bright fall morning)
I done met different type of girls, yeah (Stood a little whilе within it)
(Man, you have to know)
I've done been all across thе world
Now's the time to show 'em what I learned
Now's the time to show 'em what I learned
You might also like
Before I die
Every day I'm dyin' (Woah)
Every day I'm dyin'

Uh, rockstar shit like I'm Jimi Hendrix
Popstar baby, like I'm Jimi Hendrix, yeah (All my life)
Light my cigarette up like an incense, yeah
Light my cigarette up like an incense (All my life)

And I know I'm dyin' (Woah)
This shit got me dyin' (Woah)
This shit got me dyin'

(On a bright fall morning)
My mama always knew I was a star (Stood a little while within it)
Sacrifices every day, yeah
She gave me the keys to her only car (Man, you have to know)
I took that bitch and I went far
I'm one of the greatest like an all-star
I can't fall
Gotta stand tall
Back against the wall
Fuck all of y'all
But on a bright fall morning, I'm with it
I stood a little while within it
Man, you have to know
Know the way it goes
I feel like dyin' (Woah)
I feel like dyin'
I feel like dyin'24Embed
What? What? What? What?
I'm so high, man, I can't even feel shit

I told my boy, "Go roll like ten blunts for me" (What? Roll ten, what?)
I told my boy, "Go roll like ten blunts for me" (What? What? What? Roll ten)
I'm tryna get high 'til I can't feel nothin' (Woah, what? What? What?)
I'm tryna get high 'til I can't feel nothin' (Woah, what? What? What? Let's go)
I could fall out the sky and I still won't feel nothin' (What? What? What? Slatt, slatt)
I could fall out the sky and I still won't feel nothin' (Woah, what? What? What?)
I'm way too high (Yeah, what?), woah (High), woah (Yeah)
I'm way too high (Yeah, what?), woah, woah (Yeah)
I'm way too high (Yeah, what?), woah (Yeah), woah (Yeah)
I'm way too high (Yeah, yeah), woah (Yeah), woah (Yeah)
I'm way too high (Yeah, woah)

Wake up (Wake up, wake up, woah)
It's the first of the month (Slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt)
I brush my teeth and count up (What? Slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt, woah)
I let my bitch roll my blunt (Woah, slatt, slatt)
I'm 'bout to dirty my cup (Woah, yeah, bitch, woah, woah, what?)
Pour up some lean and get stuck (Pour it up, pour it up, pour it up, what?)
I make her scream when we fuck (Slatt, scrеam, suck it)
I don't drive R8s, I don't like those (Woah, huh, chop it and slidе)
I drive the Daytona and I tinted the windows (Yeah, skrrt)
Can't fuck with nobody (What?), not even my shadow (Yeah, no one)
I got on Ed Hardy (What? What? What? What? What?), she got on stilettos (What?)
She my best friend (What? What?), yeah, we not a couple (What? What?)
She a rockstar (What? What? What?), she a sex symbol (What? What? What? Let's go)
The way she do that shit (What? What? What?), she make it look simple (What? What?)
The way she do that shit (What? What? What?), she make it look simple (What? What?)
Baby, tell me what you wanna do (Yeah, what? Wanna do)
Baby, tell me everybody you screw (Yeah, who? Who? Yeah)
Tell me everybody you took to this room (Who? Who? Who?)
I gotta know who you fuck, fucked in this room (Baby, who? Who?)
I gotta know who you fucked in this room (Yeah, who? Who? Who?)
I gotta know who you fucked in this room (Bih', who?)
Can't trust no bitch (What? Bih', bih'), can't trust these niggas (Bih, bih')
Yeah, in love with my money (What? In love with my money), in love with my pistols (In love with that pistol)
In love with my bitch (Love with my bitch), I think she my bitch (I think she my bitch)
I know she suck dick (I know she suck dick, blatt), I know she not shit (I know she not shit, huh, huh)
I been thinkin' 'bout it (Been thinkin' 'bout it, yeah, yeah), finna cut off that bitch (Finna cut off that bitch, what? What?)
She don't cook, she don't clean (Damn, what? What?), but she want Ruth Chris (Slatt, slatt)
I don't even like to hug (To hug, hug), I don't even like to kiss (Slatt, slatt)
I just pat her on the ass (What? What?), and tell her, "Good shit" (Slatt, what?)
I just walked in my pad (Slatt), paparazzi at the fence (Slatt)
I'm 'bout to pour up some red (Red)
And shawty gon' roll up some shit (What? Slatt, slatt, and shawty gon')
And shawty gon' roll up some shit (Slatt)
I'm 'bout to pour up some red (What?), and shawty gon' roll up some shit (What?)
You might also like
I told my boy, "Go roll like ten blunts for me" (Alright, what?)
I told my boy, "Go roll like ten blunts for me" (What? What? What?)
I'm tryna get high 'til I can't feel nothin' (Woah, what? What? What?)
I'm tryna get high 'til I can't feel nothin' (Woah, what? What? Slatt)
I could fall out the sky and I still won't feel nothin' (What? What? What? Slatt, slatt)
I could fall out the sky and I still won't feel nothin' (Woah, what? Slatt, slatt)
I'm way too high (Yeah, what?), woah (Blatt), woah (Yeah)
I'm way too high (Yeah, woah), woah, woah, woah (What?)
I'm way too high (Yeah, woah), woah, woah, woah (What?)
I'm way too high (Yeah, yeah, huh?), woah, woah, woah (What?)
I'm way too high (What? What? What?)

What? What? What?
I'm so high, man, I can't even feel shit75Embed
Where my Carti fans at?
One of the most loyal, most dedicated fanbases I've seen in a while
They wait patiently, patiently, patiently, patiently
I had to damn near sell my soul for this information
The Illuminati owns part of me
What I also found out, Kanye West is the executive producer
Along with Matthew Williams who work at Givenchy
So maybe that will make sense, some of the pictures he been posting recently
That's reason why he said he got a gift for y'all
Nigga, he's Santa
That's the gift, nigga
Okay? This year been horrible
And to be honest, from what I'm hearing
Expect a classic (Yeah)

Ha (What? What? Ayy)
Ooh (What? What? Slatt)
Ha (What? What? What? What? What? Yeah)
Ooh (What? What? What? What? What?)

Ever since I met you, ooh (What? What? What? Oh yeah)
Ever since I met you, ooh (What? What? What?)
Girl, I been losing control (What?)
Girl, I been losing control (What?)
Girl, I been losing control (What?)
Girl, I been losing control (What?)
Girl, I been losing control (What?)
Girl, I been losing control (What?)
Girl, I been losing control (What?)
Girl, I been losing control (What?)
You might also like
Bitch, I'm not a stalker (Oh, slatt)
But baby, I always watch you (What? Ooh)
I only want the best for you (What? What?)
I cure your love like a doctor
Tell me what you want me to do (Woah, yeah)
Tell me what you want me to do (Slatt)
I can wear a business suit and speak proper (Proper)
Or I can put a hundred niggas on and buy them choppers (Choppers)
See, 'round my parts of town, that's how we get down (What?)
I'm from Fulton County, lil' bitch, that's no cap now (Yeah)
I went to school with some robbers and some killers
And half of them niggas dead or in jail, but fuck it, they my niggas (Yeah)

Basically, what I'm saying is, I can't change, but
But for you, I would do things and
Maybe one day I'd get on my knees and give you a diamond ring, uh
All sorts of things, yeah (Yeah)
All sorts of things, yeah (Oh)
I'll sort some things out (Ooh)
You got me turnt out

Ha (What? What? Ayy)
Ooh (What? What? Slatt)
Ha (What? What? What? What? What? Ayy)
Ooh (What? What? What? What? What? What?)
Ever since I met you, ooh (What? What? What? Oh yeah)
Ever since I met you, ooh (What? What? What?)
Girl, I been losing control (Ayy)
Girl, I been losing control (What?)
Girl, I been losing control (What?)
Girl, I been losing control (For you)
Girl, I been losing control (What?)
Girl, I been losing control (For you)
Girl, I been losing control (What?)
Girl, I been losing control (What?)26Embed
Slatt, slatt
Yeah (Open that shit up, slatt)
Rockstar bitch, you already know that
Yeah (Slatt), ayy, what?
Slatt, slatt (Yeah), slatt, slatt
Slatt, slatt (Yeah), slatt, slatt
Slatt, slatt (Yeah, yeah), yeah
What? What? (Whole Lotta Red)
Yeah

K-I-N-G  V-A-M-P
Yeah, that's me
K-I-N-G  V-A-M-P
Yeah, that's me

I'm a dark knight, bitch, yeah, I can't sleep
I'm a dark knight, bitch, yeah, I can't sleep
I fly in the sky, I got wings on my feet
When the Sun goes down, yeah, it's time to creep
When the Sun goes down, yeah, it's time to creep
When the Sun goes down, yeah, it's time to creep

Zombie
Uh, shawty told me that she been lookin' for me (Talkin' 'bout me, yeah talkin' 'bout)
Bitch, I'm in Wyoming
I been ballin' harder since the death of Kobe
I'm so close to the fire, I got a nosebleed
If you think you hotter than this, you gotta show me (Show what?)
If you think you hotter than this, you gotta show me (Slatt, slatt, slatt, slatt)
If you think you hotter than this, you gotta show me (What? What?)
I just called my label up, I think they owe me
I just called my label up, I think they owe me
I been on the codeine (Whole lotta red)
I been movin' slowly (Whole lotta red)
Can't let a nigga hold me
Bitch, I'm a OG
I got older, I got bright
I got older, I got wise
I got older, I got wise
I got fat pockets, but my jeans tight (Tight, tight)
Keep that gun on me, bitch, I won't fight (Pop it)
Keep that stick on me, bitch, I won't fight, yeah
You might also like
K-I-N-G V-A-M-P
Yeah, that's me
K-I-N-G V-A-M-P (What? What? Go, what?)
Yeah, that's me

I'm a dark knight, bitch, yeah, I can't sleep
I'm a dark knight, bitch, yeah, I can't sleep
I fly in the sky, I got wings on my feet
When the Sun goes down, yeah, it's time to creep
When the Sun goes down, yeah, it's time to creep
When the Sun goes down, yeah, it's time to creep

(What? What? What? What?)
(What? What? What? What?)
When the Sun goes down, yeah, it's time to creep
When the Sun goes down, yeah, it's time to creep, yeah
When the Sun goes down, yeah, it's time to creep, yeah23Embed
Yeah
Shit, oh my god, shit (Yeah, what?)
Shit, oh my god, shit (What? What? What? Yeah)
Oh my god, shit (What? Yeah)
What? What? What? (Yeah)
Oh my god (Slatt, yeah)
Mmm (What? Yeah, what? Yeah)
Slatt, yeah, Slatt (What? Yeah)

When you feel like this (What?)
Can't nobody tell you shit (What? Yeah)
When you feel like this (What? What? Yeah)
Can’t nobody tell you shit (What? What? What?)
When you feel like this
Can't nobody tell you shit (What? What? What? Feel it)
When you feel like this
Can't nobody tell you shit
Can’t nobody tell you shit
Can't nobody tell me shit (Playboi Carti, go)

Yeah, yeah, I feel like God, yeah (Oh my god)
Yeah, I feel like God, yeah (Feel like God)
I feel like God (Slatt, slatt, slatt, go)
You might also like
Put my glasses on, I can't see these bitches (What? Slatt)
Put my glasses on, I can't see these bitches (Yeah)
I'm in the twilight zone, nowhere near these niggas
I'm in the twilight zone, nowhere near these niggas
They can't understand me, I'm talkin’ hieroglyphics (Yeah)
They can’t understand me, I'm talkin’ hieroglyphics
I feel like Morpheus (What, what?), I feel like Morpheus (What, what?)
I got my whole gang on some other shit
I done changed my swag (Swag, swag, what? What?)
Metamorphosis
Metamorphosis (Yeah), metamorphosis (Oh yeah)
Metamorphosis (Oh yeah), metamorphosis (Oh yeah)
Metamorphosis, metamorphosis
I had to change my whole swag, I'm on some other shit (Okay)
I got me a new bitch, she on other shit (What else?)
And if that bitch go out bad, she on punishment (Let's go)
Why the fuck I gotta remind you that I run this shit? (Why?)
Why the fuck I gotta remind you that I run this shit? (Why?)
Why the fuck I gotta remind you that I run this shit? (What?)
I thought I'd been told you that I run this shit

Yeah, yeah, yeah (Slatt)
Yeah (Slatt), yeah
When you feel like this (Yeah)
Can’t nobody tell you shit (Let's go)
When you feel like this (Let's go)
Can't nobody tell you shit (Let's go, what? Yeah)
When you feel like this (Let's go)
Can't nobody tell you shit (Let's go, yeah)
When you feel like this (Slatt)
Can't nobody tell you shit (Okay)
Can't nobody tell you shit (What? Yeah, yeah)
Can't nobody tell me shit (Yeah, yeah, yeah)
Yeah, yeah, yeah I feel like God, yeah (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
Yeah, I feel like God, yeah (Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)
I feel like God (Carti, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah)

Uh, as the king and the queens gather the cheese
No fees, you count the bodies
Jeez, runnin' the streets
Told all my opps, "All my life, it's been troublesome things"
We can go faster, chapters, won't hold back
Niggas see where we at
All of my shooters, my goonies a team
Some shit always seem, I'm ready for action (Yeah)
Keep it goin' (Watch me blow it)
Can we, can we keep it, keep it goin'? It's live, ya bitch (Yeah)
Fuck them niggas, they annoyin' (They annoyin'), get it
Tell them pussies we ain't slowin', nah, nah, no flex, hah (Nah)
Get some relief (Hey), spark up the leaf
Call up my niggas, we live out our dreams, hey
God got his hands on me, believe
Rumors are cheap (Hey, hey), do it for V
All of them days that I couldn't eat
Brodie keep watchin', I know that I'll reach, reach, reach (Reach)
When the Vamps get on the scene
When I whip the X I'm on a winning streak
Steppin' next, you've never seen
I feel filthy, on the run, it's a movie
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
When you feel like this (Yeah)
Can't nobody tell you shit (Can't nobody tell you shit, yeah)
When you feel like this
Can't nobody tell you shit (Can't nobody tell you shit, yeah)
When you feel like this
Can't nobody tell you shit (Can't nobody tell you shit, yeah)
When you feel like this (Yeah)
Can't nobody tell you shit (Uh-huh)
Can't nobody tell you shit (Yah)
Can't nobody tell me shit (Uh-huh, nigga)

Yeah, yeah, I feel like God, yeah (Opium)
Yeah, I feel like God, yeah (Opium, he's alive)
I feel like God (Opium)

(Bat Gang)
Yeah, nigga, nigga (Opium)
Yeah, nigga, nigga (Bat Gang, yeah)
Yeah, nigga, nigga (Opium)
Yeah, woo, woo, yeah, yeah (Yeah, yeah)
Willy (Haha)34Embed
What? What?
What?

Fuck a opp, fuck a opp (Yeah)
Fuck a opp (Yeah), fuck a opp (Yeah, yeah)
Fuck a opp, fuck a opp
Fuck a opp, fuck a opp
All these niggas talking 'bout me (Me)
All these niggas dressing like me (Me), uh
Niggas tryna disrespect me (Me)
Bitch, that's gon' come with a fee (What?)
I got a bitch I fuck on for free (Bitch, yeah)
I got a bitch I fuck on, she a freak (What?)
I got this Rick Owens, yeah, for free (Bitch, yeah)
I got this Bottega, yeah, for free (Yeah)
I'm rocking on Givenchy, yeah, for free (Givenchy)
This shit not on sale, I'm not cheap (What?)
Got a brand new Aventador (What?)
And it's not leased (Yeah)
Rockstar shit but I'm not Machine Gun (What?)
And I feel like I'm the only rockstar, the only onе (What? What?)
The only one (What? What?)
The only onе (What? What?)
The chosen one (What? What?)
The chosen one (What? What?)
My bitch got her nails done, uh (What? What?)
My bitch got her hair laid (What? Slatt)
But I only take her to tour dates (Bitch)
I'm a rockstar, bitch, I can't date (What?)
I can't tell if I love her (What?)
Johnny Cage, beat it up under covers (Slatt, what?)
Gotta have a rubber (What? What?)
Or I'm in trouble (What? What? Slatt)
Heard you had a bag, but you fumbled (Yeah)
All my opps dead (What? What? What?)
But I'ma continue to be humble (Slatt, slatt, slatt)
Oh yeah (Slatt)
You might also like
What? (Slatt, slatt, slatt)
What? (Slatt, slatt, slatt)
What? (Slatt, slatt, slatt)
What? (Slatt, slatt, slatt)