Rhymin in circles
Now patroitic emcees
On bent knees
By six degrees
Lord have mercy
Even the voice of god rehearses
Attack of the 50 ft verses
Supermama this time around gotta few curses
Papa gotta new bag of can't get
Worse comes to worse
Can't get enough
Of tryin it
Sayin nothing goin noplace no time soon
But buyin it
Like gettin in a car without drivin it
Still black rock the wax like stax
I rip , i mix
Full screen like imax
So i max
Relax
Off the deep end
Get deep in the record
100 beats per second
Cut down the like rhymes
Cause they get redundant
Refuse to stoop to stupid
Cause they dumbed it
Down
Like motown
Say it loud
Damn
Like im the new james brown uh
You might also likePut it up (repeat)
Rocked the concoction
A potion of too much emotion
Uh,im a keep it in motion
Call it whatcha wanna
Bus stop ,lectric slide cha cha
Funky 16 corners
Hot like jill scotts blues
But damn too old for 22s
But i can still move
Groove
Lets roll
You can't do your thing
If your things the wrong thing
Tax the payers
Stack paper
But you failed as an eighth grader
Dumb ass
Failed every math class
Plus i know this like otis
I like to know
Are you ready for some super dynamite soul
F -it thats how it gos?
Beyond the cornrows
If i can't talk , get to steppin
Tougue can be a tool and weapon
Listen
Put it up (repeat)
Tycoons
Damn im tired of these coons
Rhymin in circles
Words can either help or hurt you
Or be neutral
Cats still might shoot you
What suits you
If you gots issues
A thousand tatoos
Confused in 200 dollar gym shoes
Spendin more than u got
2002 blues
Give it up turn it loose
Ain't no use
Rest of you
Screamin rescue me from the residue
Fast break 5s on 2
Us against you
So what you gonna do?
Put it up (repeat)Embed
Here I go, I don't give a damn if you with me
Stupidity, shit I'm the reverse of jiggy
All that prettiness running on empty
Only wusses need pity, no I ain't from the city
Five minutes of fame if you don't know my name
Oh yeah, I'm that field nigga they all fear
Here's a mad salute to all my troops
Fuck a lawyer and the law and all them suits
I spits and I vomit cause I come like a comet
Better quit it if y'all don't know what yall gettin' from it
Just forget it if you with it, that racket runnin' it
Come on come with it, I think I'll fit it
Go to war but what the hell i'm fightin for
As I soar yeah baby I like it raw
No cigar, I ran over the pop star with my car
Again and may the best jam win

Bingo, it don't matter if this platter's a single
Needin needles like The Beatles needin' Ringo
From the beginning, I told you how to see thru the linen
All that talk but that's the way the side walks in New York
I simplify cause you might be high
Rip shit in the pit so what you don't like it
This is man shit a hip-hop trip
On that aggressive tip but rap got pussy whipped
Got out psyched down on that turnpike
I knew this Philly who just wouldn't get right
Cause I was aware as a square in Delaware
Exec's writing checks for sex in spandex
Radio's gettin' sucked by labels under the table
Mix DJ's gettin' overpaid for airplay
Try to shut me down like ray, what I say?
Fuck your friends and may the best jam win
You might also like
Mirror mirror, I'm finger pointin' at the man
It is I, I interrupt the program
Chuck D rubberneckin' with the fans
P.E. don't give a damn about Uncle Sam
And on and on, like I said before
Some the 100 meter dash, I'm the marathon
Against the grain comin' like a train
As you listen to the sounds that remains insane
One on one, and it's just begun
To get out the ghetto and get something done
To be the man you gotta beat the man
Don't confuse me with being dumb or bubble gum
And I'll be here as you disappear
And I'll be around amongst the crowd
Cause anything I wear is a step on down
That's how I've always been
And may the best jam winEmbed
Our society is fucked up, they're fucking our brothers and sisters up
These white motherfuckers have fucked us up...
This ain't by no goddamn accident...

Cameras, action, lights
What, lookout, civil rights
Whiplash, po-po, fed-lillers, killin' kids
Crisis, c'mon, get it now, sound
COINTEL, going down
Projects, pop offs, issues, payback
Sickness, lockdown, get it
Free Mumia and H. Rap Brown
Before you get what you want
Gotta give the people what they need

What you know about soul?
If you got's none, then we'll loan ya some
C'mon!

Flow on, the project, the pop off
Low tempo to go off, COINTEL better go to hell
Bout that time hear the bell y'all (C'mon!)
Gotta lotta nerve never knowing Assata
Gotcha mind wading in the water, contract.. Gotcha!
Motown, Stax, bring the beat back
(Bring that beat back!)
The sound, free Mumia and H. Rap Brown
Sure enough going down now
Jamil Al Amin, nah mean?
Y'all missin' this is like dissin' this
See your Uncle Sam pissing on this
He’s running real low on my shit list
Take 'em all out with the quickness
You might also like
Before you get what you want
Gotta give the people what they need
Before you get what you want
Gotta give the people what they need
Cameras, action, lights
What, lookout, civil rights
Whiplash, po-po, fed-lillers, killin' kids
Crisis, c'mon

"Surprise!"
"Guess who’s back?"

I got a call, Mr. Chuck said I should get the red eye
Gotta come together bet I did what I said I
Would, Public Enemy and he come to bleed ‘em
Niggas with a plea for freedom who wanna meet them
Gotta counteract these, we blitzkrieg
Switch, hit, natch rappers duck
I gives a fuck seein’ hip hop is flatlinin’
Too many fakes
So through the shit, see it shinin’
To reawaken
The giant see me still in defiance with every song
Put this gat before the turner and burn him for doin’ wrong
Now it’s on
How many can I reach?, I’m snatchin’ the sheets
Original player haters can see
That I battle back strokes of black folks attackin’ those wannabe macks
While Johnny shit upon a track
Then hit ‘em with the do right, we do life right
My brother said it’s going down tonight
We fight the fight, come on
Before you get what you want.. gotta give the people what they need
Before you get what you want..

"Once again"
"The hard rhymer"

New breed of MC and get the flow on
Body, mind, soul enough to go on
Ughh!! Better go on
Gotta get on so I can spit on
Guitar to get on the pick on (damn)
Shuffle now, the popcorn
Free H. Rap c'mon
Nothing new uhh.. better walk on
Uh... get my talk on
Never knew it was funny
Get your money on
So on and so on
Do it like Mike - "Sha-mon!"
The original right here, Uptown Saturday Night
Uh, get it, and get your head right...
Y’all don't know nothin' about this ... ughhh
Real thing, uh, make your soul ring
Brothers and sisters, brothers and sisters, I don’t know what this world is coming to
Bum rush the sound, the rebel
Man you’re losin’ them
Bum rush the sound, the rebel
Man you’re losin’ them
Bum rush the sound, the rebel
Man you’re losin’ them
Bum rush the sound
Man you’re losin’ them
Panther power on the hour from the rebel to youEmbed
Awwwwwwww yeah yeah yeah!
Flavor flav back in your face with the hot track boy
Get it, get it, uh, what?
What’s goin’ on?
I don’t know
What’s really goin’ down?
Y’all don’t know
Between the east and the feds
Heads don’t know
But you can bet some of these heads be the first to go
Between 18 and 30 pray it don’t get dirty
Now I got some new cats hearin’ me
That never heard me
11:30 do the math
Damn, here come the draft
But I’m at the age where my fightin’ is half assed
Shit, my flags always at half mast
Need you ask?
While some of y’all laugh
But I see war lining these young cats up for bodybags
And these so called thugs masquerading in drag
Cause now the feds checkin’ all them headrags
Hopin’ this gung ho thing last, uh
Cold and dark is the weather, peoples
Get your shit together
You might also likeWhere’s your head at?
We gotta fix ourselves up, fix ourselves up according to the way things are now... now- now- now
Cold and dark go the weather
I never fix my mouth to say chickens
Told y’all in terrordome the clocks tickin’
From all sides come the wicked
Governments, fundamentalists
But how you gonna kill the innocent?
Between terrorists and CIA hit lists
Like my man Uno says, beware the false prophets
Gotta be smarter than this
They say war is a profit
With loved ones missed
But death is a debt
None of us ain’t seen war yet
Be careful what y’all ask for
War is hell and hell is war
All them bling bling things, throw ‘em in the river
All that thugged out shit y’all can’t deliver
Seen four planes kill everyday folks
I guess 911 ain’t no joke
Wall street cryin’ broke
Was it God or the devil who spoke?
Old vampires hit the new empire
Had the sky cookin’
Brooklyn had no other choice but to stare and keep lookin’
City smile missin’ two front teeth
While some of y’all still talkin’ about beefs
Over who? What? Soundscan
This month y’all sound scared
Guessin’ where the party at
While downtowns wonderin’ where them bodies at
Cold and dark is the weather, peoples
Get your shit together
We’re not gonna be exterminated
(On)
Come on
Ladies and gentlemen we got Johnny Juice on the ones and twos (On)
The drummer go
The drummer go (On)
The bass go
The drummer go (On)
Now how you sell soul to a soulless people who sold their soul?
Keep the people from bein’ sheeple
Followin’ hollow voices to tomorrow's sorrow
Women have nurtured and birthed the earth, uh
Man has killed many for land and worse
Women got a cycle that’s spoken for, uh
Man got a period, it’s called war
May the power go to everyday people
May war have no sequel, live
Reverse the word you get evil
Cause people wanna live against evil
Avoid the third world war
Biological bombs hundred times worse than vietnam
So what you gonna do?
So what you gonna do?
If you was on that plane
Both sides would’ve killed your ass too
To my peoples
Stay on your P's and Q's
Get your shit together
Where’s your head at?
Cold and dark go the weather
Get your shit together
Get your shit together
Where’s your head at?
Cold and dark go the weather
Get your shit togetherEmbed
Told ya, buffalo soldier
Fell to the ground like Folgers, couldn't hold the boulder
Fancy dancer paralyzed for an answer
In the hip-hop game but the rap got cancer
Tumors poppin' from the middle of rumors
Generation X be the end of baby boomers
Is the next generation headed for doom
Control the soul and you got a got a
Truck full of fertilizer blowin' up the spot
Think it's terrorism, the border line's hot
Check the passport's tap the telephone
Surprised they homegrown and one of your fuckin own
It's that same old shit, that same old game
From that same old gang up to that same old thing
Now what I see say, you know me
I pour a metaphor of LSD

I don't know what y'all thinkin' about
But if you know like I know
You better strap on your seatbelt
Cause you in for a long ride

Now I be damned, I been a man
Figure I never call myself a nigga to get Benjamin's
What's love got to do with what you got
Not a whole lot, no forgot (Damn, this shit is hot)
Spendin' all the cheddar for clothes
With a sign foreclosed on the front mud, lost in dominoes
Now the heads tell tales, how the dead bled and fled
Now they livin up in the bed, instead they seize us like Jesus
Married to the mob did a sloppy job in hemp stead
Lord had mercy, wanna curse me
New World Order got my ass drownin' in the water
Now what you stuck to the West
That funk to the East is fat, ATL be crunk
Dirty South, thirty thou crankin trunks
Try to pass the test but to the rest they flunk
Now what be indebted, better get over it
Those times and raps ain't never comin' back
No future without a pass, I kick ass
Rock the socks off of Pandora's box
Is it any wonder why the clock's Flavor got
Between rehearsin' a verse my jaw locks
I set the bomb between the R'n'B scene
Go against the grain run up on the train
And so i parallel the brains of Cobain
As hip-hop brain made em spill the champagne
Make it plain the sound remains insane
Come the same no holes closin up the lane
Don't ask no questions on the simple level
Can the magic get Shaq back, Knicks get Van Exel?
Bold rap lyrics, fuck whatcha heard
Not no lost and found nouns or half ass words
Turnaround funk power moves ruffs
I ain't never been coo-koo for no coco puffs
LSD, set it free make em see the tricks
Rather try at 37 than die at 26
You might also likeLawyers no loyalties accountants no royalties
Lie for a lie i look em in the eye
History speaking lawyers should die
Kissed the companies and made them all cry
A new rap song and a real drive by
Why o why did the video die
The narcs and the feds got the pimp niggas afraid
Threat of the aids got the bitches afraid
The god damn white man got you afraid
Social service got your mama afraid
Scared of the fact before a niggas black
Some of you say nigga before you say crack
You got no back is what you lack
Just say black and i¹ll see where your ass is atEmbed
Hopin they would be open
Tinted glass
Behind that tinted glass
Crowd waiting in limbo
Is that the limo?
But he don't give a damn
She don't give a damn
Just buy their product
'Cause they a buy product of a marketing plan
Can I just get an autograph?
I'm fanatic number 2 million
Sign it to my mama
So she can cut the drama
Bought in a store in Nicaragua
But you ignore the poor
Can't even get to your door
Frankenstar
You don't even know who the hell you are
I don't give a damn about your car
Frankenstar
Frankenstar
Frankenstar
You don't even know who the hell you are
We don't give a damn about your crib
Only give a damn about what you did
Frankenstar
Frankenstar
Frankenstar
You might also likeCan I get a ride on that music
Can I get a look on that movie
All you gotta do is groove me
Security ain't got to shoot me
How a fan get get close to you
What do you think I'm supposed to do?
Shit by the way I bought a poster too
I didn't take it back
Cause the show was whack
Bought a hundred dollar ticket
Told us where we could stick it
Frankenstar
Let us fans know
That you gonna do a 10 minute show
Hooooooo
Hoooooooo
Frankenstar
You don't even know who the hell you are
I don't give a damn about your car
Frankenstar
Frankenstar
Frankenstar
You don't even know who the hell you are
We don't give a damn about your crib
Only give a damn about what you did
Frankenstar
Frankenstar
Frankenstar
Now you say you from the hood
Paid and laid
And now you think you gonna get sprayed
I see you grinnin at them humble beginnings
Fame just is like water to a gremlin
Fame is fake and it fades
Millinnum stars can be like grenades
Blowin up thinking we all got it made
In a MTV cribs
To fool them kids
The new monster mash
See 'em all dance for cash
Saw ya wit a new lawyer
So you
Better stash
But the VIP section got your attention
And you cannot see that far past
Wrong inspiration
For a young nation
When you dismiss education
And your living room's a Playstation
Do your thing, not the thing do you
Don't fame gotta hold on youEmbed
Start a war on the poor, gettin' mad donations
Takin' cheese out of poor nations
Got Haitians still on sugar plantations
Wiped em out, called it exotic vacations
As you dig it, they set up regulations
Turn the rest of the world into cancer patients
What's the diff, no but's, and's, or if's
(Kervorkian, kervorkian)
Now I need a place to hide away
Are you ready, are you ready

Whose the real Doc's of Death?
Oh no it's Doctor Death!
Whose the real Doc's of Death?
Oh no it's Doctor Death!
Whose the real Doc's of Death?
Oh no it's Doctor Death!
Whose the real Doc's of Death?
Oh no it's Doctor Death!

Killer man, atomic B-boys in Japan
Another brother dies up in Sudan
Kevorkian, kervorkian
Got the heads lookin' for that kill 'em
Dead from the feds shit man
Contaminated in sad predicaments
Blood threats, blastin' continents
Kings, queens dead presidents
Can't tell me where my chiza went
Take em down blow the house down blaw
The evils got you wobblin' like weebles
Thinking you equal, killin lost peoples
No sequel, remember Biko
You might also like
Whose the real Doc's of Death?
Oh no it's Doctor Death!
Whose the real Doc's of Death?
Oh no it's Doctor Death!
Whose the real Doc's of Death?
Oh no it's Doctor Death!
Whose the real Doc's of Death?
Oh no it's Doctor Death!

Whose the real docs of death
Killin millions til they¹re last breath
Got no right to be dead ass wrong
Killin me softly with your songs

Bring the noise
But surrounded by cowboys
Indigenous but wiped out
Diggin new ditches
Can you dig it
Turnin tricks at the tip of politics
The devils slick, gettin their head split
I spit at those hypocrites
So i sticks to the music
Think about it it¹s god
You better get with the scene
Keep you and i from being human beings
You deserve what you deserve
If you believe what he believes
And into everything you leave
Oh what a tangled web you weave
When destroyed by the disease by 33 degrees
Bringing satan down to his kneesEmbed
This song don't give a damn
If the rhymes don't fit, if the DJ quit
This song don't give a damn
If you can't sing or dance to it, can't romance to it
This song ain't arrogant
If you don't try it, buy it
If your radio denies it
Don't care 'bout what who got
What's cool on TV, or what spot's hot I forgot
I ain't mad at evolution
But I stand for revolution
Get up, enough is enough
Somebody stand up

Get up, stand up
Get up, stand up
Get up, stand up
Get up, stand up

This track ain't asking you a damn thing
Not the brand name bottle with your champagne
Not where you land your private airplane
How many blood diamonds shining in that chain?
How much compromise is tied to that fame?
How many more times we gotta hear that lame line, "I'm inspiring them"
To do what? Roll better weed and get higher than them?
Feed the needy greedy ass fire in them?
Be the same damn dog but to finer women?
They gonna tell me that I'm preaching to the choir, then I'm
Sure they right but I'm trying to light a fire in them
Cause I was raised by The Enemy
And ever since then that's been my identity
So I'm trying to give back what was given me
Truth told delivery is my tendency
Youth fold to the spirit of my energy
Bottom of my feet is something that you'll never see
That's cause I'm standing singing the anthem
Fist on my hand, and a list of demands and
When they hear this might piss in their pants and
Try to get the children to not listen to the man
But the mighty PE is what birthed Ali
So what you gonna think come after me?
Chuck D
You might also like
"Chu-chu-chu-chu-chu-chu-chu-Chuck D"
"The-the enemy-the-the enemy"
"Wo-wo-wo-words you heed"
"Bui-bui-bui-built-built for speed"

Occupy if you denied
Protest songs cause I see wrong
Most of my heroes still don't appear on no stamp
So I rant, even when they say I can't
I rise against, rage against
Hope I don't end up being the same thing I'm fighting against
Hence, I wince never on the fence
Since they think the masses powerless
I ain't on nobody's power list
I ball my fist with my audience
I raise my fist with my audience like this
Like this

Get up, stand up
Get up, stand up
Get up, stand up
Get up, stand up
Got so much to shout about
What the one percent is gettin' out
Recession, depression, desperation due
Never have so many been screwed by so few
Cheapest price is to pay attention
No need to dumb down to what I mention
No need to young down how I mention
In Spanish, Portuguese, English, French and
No satisfaction
Listen to the world's reaction

Get up, stand up
Get up, stand up
Get up, stand up
Get up, stand upEmbed
Freedom is a road seldom traveled by the multitude

Public Enemy Number 1 - Show 'Em Whatcha Got

The same God that gave wisdom to Marcus Garvey
The same God that gave wisdom to Adam Clayton Powell
The same God that gave wisdom to Stephen Biko Stephen Biko
The same God that gave wisdom to Rosa Parks
Gave strength to Martin Luther King, to Malcolm X
The same God that gave wisdom to Nelson Mandela
The same God-
The same God that gave wisdom to Winnie Mandela
Stay strong, sister
Brothers and sisters, please, join with me to welcome, and listen hereYou might also likeEmbed
Chuck D
Flavor Flav
The Security of The First World
Terminator X

Madd Topics
No You Can't Stop It
Like How Much They Paid For That Rocket?
People In The Hood
Really Ain't Got Shit
How Much Got Spent By The President
Where My Money Went
Livin Here Separate
Even Heads Gotta Nerve Yellin Represent
Beat Down Cribs Funky Ghetto Adlibs
Gadgets, Value Jets, Half Lit Cigarettes
City Limits
Put My Whole Soul In It
I Been Waitin Too Long To Get Where I'm Goin
Hatas Dissin This Flowin
Thinkin Ball And Rap
Is The Greatest Thing From Blacks
Hype Watch A Sucka Run To It
Seems Like A River Runs Thru It
Simple To Do It
Pass The Can Around
Try To Help One Another
The Pimp Got Tricks
That He Learned From The Other
Go By The Color You'll Discover
Damn Everybody Ain't No Brother
You might also likeTurn It Up Turn It Up

Just When You Thought It Was Safe
I'm Dubbing Madd Breaks On Ol CIA Tapes
Ain't No Stoppin Who
In This Country Tis Of You
It's Monkey See Monkey Do
Now In The Age Of Followin The Celebrity Rage
A 12 Gauge Flipped The Whole Page
The Score Lopsided In A One Sided War
Could Be More Then What You Bargained For
Six Pack Weasels Pumped Up By Their Own Press Releases
Till The Capital Ceases
Ain't No Difference Tween Black And White
Except The Green In Between Yeah Right
Know What I Mean
Spook That Sat By The Sound
Black Like James Brown
It's Been Goin Down
Spirit In Your Dark Ass Direction
Projection Controls Perception
Got You Guessin In The Art Of Deception
Indexes Confusin Rolexes For Rolodexes
Another Brother Fried In Texas
Spent My Best Pay Days Hittin Off Exes
Turn It Up Turn It Up

Analysis Of The Situations
Bringing Forth Alarming Revelations
Cigars 100,000 Dollar Cars / What
Most Of Us Do The Laundry In The Bus
Is We Blessed Cause Fast Foods Processed
Will The Last Be First Can The First Be Less?
Got No Leverage
Madd Thirst For The Beverages
Now The Funk Got Us Dead N Drunk
Got Your Drink On But Got No Think On
Now You Got Beef Wanna Knock Out Teeth
Against The Land Of The Lost / Gettin Tosses
6 Daze A Week Of Course To The Bosses
Old Timers / Preachin As Born Again Rhymers
In The School Gotta Walk Men
Graduates Can't Talk Man
Lyin Between The Chalk Man
Shakin That Money Maker
That MTV Honey Is A Faker
Let Ill And Al Take Her
Deaded Borders Separated By The Waters
Stats And Surveys / Be Off Like Saturdays
Madd Killers Reproducin Like Caterpillars
What's On Your Mind On The Welfare Line
Cuttin Medicaid Got Us Droppin Like Flies
Words From The Wise Comin From The Dead
Not AliveEmbed
Truth decay brush up on your facts
All you gotta do is check them stats
But what sense is a census
When they just miss us
But enlist us to fight for their justice
Truth decay brush up on your facts
All you gotta do is check them stats
But what sense is a census
When they just miss us
But enlist us to fight for their justice

Truth is truth
No matter what I think
Knowledge is power
But it ain't
If you can't occupy your own body & mind
See thru the blind
In this place full a lies
Television tellin lies
To your vision and face
Seems like more of us in prison
Than the workplace
Gettin gadgets
So it's easy to forget
Economics
No money
Not a damn thing funny
Some diggin every minute of it
I'm hatin every second of it
Driven
Ever since I heard the lie about thanksgiving
While in still thankful through all that fibbin
The truth dies while lies make a living
History games
Playing stealing family names
Slave names turned into government names
You might also like
Truth decay brush up on your facts
All you gotta do is check them stats
But what sense is a census
When they just miss us
But enlist us to fight for their justice
Truth decay brush up on your facts
All you gotta do is check them stats
But what sense is a census
When they just dismiss us
But enlist us to grow and pick their stuff

Truth is truth
No matter what I think
I ain't drunk
Cause I don't drink
Don't smoke
Or
Laugh at the facts like stupid ass jokes
Or get lost in my own sauce, I check the source
I challenge information
Trace it to the boss
Refuse to accept the truth
When it be be lost
Lies in the key of new songs
You think it's old news
How come the young don't know
It ain't new because you never knew
I tell them ,it's only new to you
Opinion is what it is and its up to you
The challenge information
To see if it's true
Never have so many been screwed by so few
You heard im using it for this song too
Damn crooks
Ask a question get some stupid ass looks
Truth don't sell a lotta records or books
To hell with rapes to murder rates
To lyin on a mixtapes
I want the truth
Truth decay brush up on your facts
All you gotta do is check them stats
But what sense is a census
When they just miss us
But enlist us to fight for their justice
Truth decay brush up on your facts
All you gotta do is check them stats
But what sense is a census
When they just dismiss us
But enlist us to grow and pick their stuffEmbed
"Yet our best trained, best educated, best equipped, best prepared troops refuse to fight. Matter of fact, it’s safe to say that they would rather switch than fight"
W-E-L-O-V-E 108 FM

19—
—89 the number, another summer (Get down)
Sound of the funky drummer
Music hittin' your heart 'cause I know you got soul!
(Brothers and sisters!) (Hey, hey!)
Listen if you're missin', y'all, swingin'
While I'm singin' (Hey!), givin' whatcha gettin'
Knowin' what I know and while the Black band's
Sweatin' and the rhythm-rhyme rollin'!
Got to give us what we want (Uh!)
Gotta give us what we need (Hey! Haha, hey)
Our freedom of speech is freedom of death
We've got to fight the powers that be ("Lemme hear you say—")

Fight the power!
Fight the power! ("Lemme hear you say—")
Fight the power!
Fight the power! ("Lemme hear you say—")
You might also likeFight the power!
Fight the power! ("Lemme hear you say—")
Fight the power!
We've got to fight the powers that be

As the rhythm's designed to bounce, what counts is that the
Rhyme's designed to fill your mind, now that you've
Realized the pride's arrived, we got to
Pump the stuff to make ya tough, from the heart
It's a start, a work of art
To revolutionize, make a change, nothin's strange
People, people! We are the same, no—
We're not the same 'cause we don't know the game
What we need is awareness, we can't get
Careless! You say, "What is this?"
My beloved, let's get down
To business, mental self-defensive fitness
Bum-rush the show!
You gotta go for what you know
To make everybody see! In order to
Fight the powers that be ("Lemme hear you say—")

Fight the power!
Fight the power! ("Lemme hear you say—")
Fight the power!
Fight the power! ("Lemme hear you say—")
Fight the power!
Fight the power! ("Lemme hear you say—")
Fight the power!
We've got to fight the powers that be


Fight the power! ("Lemme hear you say—")
Fight the power!
Fight the power! ("Lemme hear you say—")
Fight the power!
Fight the power! ("Lemme hear you say—")
Fight the power!
We've got to fight the powers that be

Elvis was a hero to most, but he—
Elvis was a hero to most—
Elvis was a hero to most, but he
Never meant shit to me, you see, straight out
Racist—that sucker was simple and plain
Motherfuck him and John Wayne! 'Cause I'm Black and
I'm proud, I'm ready, I'm hyped, plus I'm amped
Most of my heroes don't appear on no stamps
Sample a look back; you look and find nothing
But rednecks for 400 years, if you check
"Don't Worry Be Happy" was a number-one jam
Damn, if I say it, you can slap me right here
Get it—let's get this party
Started right, right on, c'mon!
What we got to say?
Power to the people, no delay
Make everybody see, in order to
Fight the powers that be
Fight the power!
Fight the power!
Fight the power!
Fight the power!
We've got to fight the powers that be


What we got to say?
Fight the power!
What we got to say?
Fight the power! C'mon!
What we got to say?
Fight the power!
What we got to say?
Fight the power! C'mon!

Yo, check this out, man
Ok, talk to me about the future of Public Enemy
The future of Public Enemy got a—
28Embed
Chuck¹s run amok multiplying like leopards
Spots em up the long bombs a record
A long shot / 3 minutes 15 seconds
If i was cloned never would i be alone
Just the two of us mutherfuck the lexus
Strange fruit be hangin in texas
Rope be holdin the necks
Poison politics affects us
Get my flow on a show of flexes
Got too much love above
For the battle of the sexes
Now i won¹t go as far as romancin myself
Or dancin with wolves or runnin wit the bulls
Shit i be in two places at one time
Split spaces wit one rhyme
Get 3 nickels outta one dime
First the sheep next the shepherd
Fill generation gaps wit mad raps
Get slapped
Give four smacks the hell on back
Be the father son and the holy ghost
As i represent both the east and the west coasts
Whatever that¹s worth 360
The planet earth that¹s the whole black man¹s turf
Now i be the rational national
Ever present international
Spy wit the third eye against the conquer and divide
Now wit three of me i can run a country
Make apocalypse quit do mad shit on the side
I go on wit my bad self if i had four of myself
I would sacrifice two to get that slave outta you
In my eyes be the anger of the furious five
Flashbacks cut across psycho tracks
Been there done that and i swung a big bat
Like that there it is i be the startin six pack
You might also likeFirst the sheep next the shepherd
The east to the west south to the north
The music might switch the rhymes never fall off
Non alcoholic avoiding the bomb
In abortion clinics i be the hero up in it
Jack the cracker dat did it
Now the magnificent 7
Hip hop gangsta rappin
Holdin it down makin it happen
From oakland to manhattan
If i was eight / i be damn great
City to city / state to state
Won¹t never be too much on my plate
Flow like watergate
Wit nine of mine
I¹d get piece of mine
Again and again
Wit that power of ten men
Duplicated by the split
Of one mean gene an shit
Back to the lab
Wit them scientific crabs, what next?
3 minutes and 15 secondsEmbed
Kick that shit!


That's right, bass for your face! Yea y'all, that's right, rock that shit homie!


Yea that's right, kick it!You might also likeEmbed
Violence flarin' and bullets loadin'
You're old enough to kill, but not for votin'
And that Jordan River has bodies floatin'
But you tell me
Over and over and over again, my friend
You don't believe
We're on the eve of destruction
Don't you understand what I'm tryin' to say
Can't you feel the fears that I'm feelin' today?
If the button is pushed there's no runnin' away
There'll be no one to save with the world in a grave
Take a look around ya boy, it's bound to scare ya boy
But you tell me
Over and over and over again, my friend
You don't believe
We're on the eve of destruction
My blood's so mad, it feels like coagulatin'
I'm sitting here just contemplatin'
You can't twist the truth, it knows no regulation
And a handful of senators can't pass legislation
And marches alone can't bring integration
When human respect is disintegratin'
Now this whole crazy world is just too frustratin'
You might also likeBut you tell me
Over and over and over again, my friend
You don't believe
We're on the eve of destruction

People I hate, that's understood
It will make stuff hard to under
Was feeling blooded to human race
If you win your war it's the same old place
The poundin' drums, the pride and disgrace
You can bury your dead, but don't leave a trace
Hate your next-door neighbor, but don't forget to say grace
But tell me
Over and over and over again, my friend
You don't believe
We're on the eve of
But tell me
Over and over and over again, my friend
You don't believe
We're on the eve of destruction
You don't believe
We're on the eve of destruction
You don't believe
We're on the eve of destruction
Yeah, you don't believe
We're on the eve of destructionEmbed
Are you ready? Are you ready? Are you ready?
People runnin' on empty, rock the sympte
Outside 2001, other side of the sun
People runnin' on empty, rock the sympte
Outside 2001, other side of the sun
People runnin' on empty, rock the sympte
Outside 2001, other side of the sun

(Goddamn!)
Running, here we go tumblin'
Few solutions, honey they polluted the future
Got me thinking of a new thing, revolverlution
Computer souls, controlled by confusion
You be clubbin', while the world around you crumblin'
Think its funny? Bunch of crash test dummies
If all this shit means the end of my money
This is a stick up, off go the pagers and celly's
US dollar, ain't worth what it's printed on
Backed by the Pentagon, sounds like Babylon
So I babble on, some of us stuck in them barbershops and them hair salons
While the crash comin' at your ass like
While the crash comin' at your ass like a bomb

Crash! Crash! Crash! Crash!
Crash! Crash! Crash! Crash!
You might also like
Now it all comes tumblin', runnin'
Time is runnin' runnin', crash is coming
Break the bank, spinning since the beginning
Now it all comes tumblin', crumblin'
Time is runnin' runnin', crash is coming
Break the bank, spinning since the beginning
Willie Dynamite, time to cry, no ice
Y2K, fallin' out of the sky, so its chosen
Your ice is frozen
(Don't cry, dry your eye)
This is a bitch, fuckin' glitch
Mother fucker what
The countdown to my account, count it down
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust, hush, make that head bust
Last hour, no control tower making new Mayflowers
Fightin' new powers
Have you forgotten, the dark side of rotten
Picking electronic cotton, diggin' digital ditches
Lookout, lookout for the crash, crash, crash

Have you forgotten, have you forgotten
(It's Public Enemy, it's ready to go to war
Now, now, now, now)
Y2K? That's the question
What the fuck is up? Got the 85 guessin'
I told y'all for y'all protection
Got me a name change, a pair of Smith and Wessons
Starring crescents mad packed with the lessons
Figure 5% got the 10 counting blessings
Programmed by programs got you bowing to the man
Avoid collisions in mid-air, Medicaid and welfare
Zero zero what the fuck do you care?
All the lights be out, you can't get nowhere
All around, that's why I found Tony Brown
The world we know, itis going down, down, down, downEmbed
'cause the black is back and it's bound to sell
Picture us coolin' out on the fourth of July
And if you heard we were celebrating that's a world-wide lie
Yo Chuck, the fat generals man
Trying to pull a 226 on you g'
Yo man, show 'em what you got
This style seems wild
Wait before you treat me like a stepchild
Let me tell you why they got me on file
'Cause I give you what you lack
Come right and exact
Our status is the saddest
So I care where you at, black
And at home I got a call from Tony Rome
The FBI was tappin' my telephone
I never live alone
I never walk alone
My posse's always ready, and they're waitin' in my zone
Although I live the life that of a resident
But I be knowin' the scheme that of the president
Tappin' my phone whose crews abused
I stand accused of doing harm
'Cause I'm louder than a bomb
C'mon C'mon louder etc...
You might also likeI am the rock hard trooper
To the bone, the bone, the bone
Full grown - consider me - stone
Once again and
I say it for you to know
The troop is always ready, I yell 'geronimo'
Your CIA, you see I ain't kiddin'
Both King and X they got ridda' both
A story untold, true, but unknown
Professor Griff knows...
"Yo, I ain't no toast"
And not the braggin' or boastin' and plus
It ain't no secret why they're tappin' my phone, although
I can't keep it a secret
So I decided to kick it, yo
And yes it weighs a ton
I say it once again
I'm called the enemy - I'll never be a friend
Of those with closed minds, don't know I'm rapid
The way that I rap it
Is makin' 'em tap it, yeah
Never servin 'em well, 'cause I'm an un-Tom
It's no secret at all
Cause I'm louder than a bomb
Cold holdin' the load
The burden breakin' the mold
I ain't lyin' denyin', 'cause they're checkin' my code
Am I buggin' 'cause they're buggin' my phone - for information
No tellin' who's sellin' out - power buildin' the nation so...
Joinin' the set, the point blank target
Every brothers inside - so least not, you forget, no
Takin' the blame is not a waste, here taste
A bit of the song so you can never be wrong
Just a bit of advice, 'cause we be payin' the price
'Cause every brother mans life
Is like swingin' the dice, right?
Here it is, once again this is
The brother to brother
The Terminator, the cutter
Goin' on an' on - leave alone the grown
Get it straight in '88, an' I'll troop it to demonstrate
The posse always ready - 98 at 98
My posse come quick, because my posse got velocity
Tappin' my phone, they never leave me alone
I'm even lethal when I'm unarmed
'Cause I'm louder than a bomb
'Cause the D is for dangerous
You can come and get some of this
I teach and speak
So when its spoke, it's no joke
The voice of choice
The place shakes with bass
Called one for the treble
The rhythm is the rebel
Here's a funky rhyme that they're tappin' on
Just thinkin' I'm breakin' the beats I'm rappin' on
CIA FBI
All they tell us is lies
And when I say it they get alarmed
'Cause I'm louder than a bombEmbed
Public Enemy
Yeah, boy!

See I work, she don't work
But she's the first to curse when shit don't work
I take my ass around the Earth
So she can spend my money first, okay?
I forgot how we became two people, a couple
Damn sure not financially equal
She lost me when it started to cost me
Lost me when she tried to outfloss me

Tried to boss me, tried to outfloss me
I just don't need her, broke diva
It ain't cheaper to keep her
Should I love her or leave her?
I just don't need another broke diva

Y'all should hear her, always in the mirror
You should see her, some of y'all wish to be her
GETTING UP IN THE AFTERNOON
WHILE THE WHOLE WORLD
2-3OCLOCK
I BEEN UP AND DOWN THE BLOCK
Gotta tell this woman to bounce
Buying these designer tags she can't pronounce
With my bank account down and out
She ain't even got the nerve to count
You might also like
Tried to boss me, tried to outfloss me
I just don't need her, broke diva
It ain't cheaper to keep her
Should I love her or leave her?
I just don't need another broke diva

Hard odd, got jacked up credit cards
Exotic cars
With notes paid off from the checks she wrote
I hope she knows I ain't no casino
I got a job, you gotta go
Don't get it twisted
If you're trying to be famous for being famous, I missed it
You still want me to kick out
Baby, I just did you out
Flavor Flav!

Tried to boss me, tried to outfloss me
I just don't need her, broke diva
It ain't cheaper to keep her
Should I love her or leave her?
I just don't need another broke divaEmbed
Jump back the track, gonna wreck it now
Watchin' y'all get it, to the record now
Catchin' y'all attention, so shake it now
Oh no, findin' my flow, gonna break it down
Came a long way, can you take it now?
Regulatin' the regular, do your thing now
On the floor, here we go, can you kick it now?
Black Superman back in the building now

Back, back, now
Back in the building, Superman
Back, back, now
Back in the building, Superman
Back, back, now
Back in the building, Superman
Back, back, now
Back in the building, Superman

Do your thing, the damn thing baby, bring it now
Go back like 8 tracks and Cadillacs
Way before crack and Similac
Hell with the taps and new booby traps
Hear the hand claps, where the party at?
Do the damn thing and get'cha gravy on
Cause you be gettin' it down and your crazy on
Go on and on to the break of dawn
You be givin' a damn cause ya baby gone
Do what'cha wanna do, but do the right thing
If its the right thing, then go on do the damn thing
I know you got soul (Cause I know you got soul) like a chicken wing
Treat me like a king, let me hear you sing
You might also like
Back, back, now
Back in the building, Superman
Back, back, now
Back in the building, Superman
Back, back, now
Back in the building, Superman
Back, back, now
Back in the building
(Back, caught you lookin' for the same thing)

"Black is back"
"Once again back is the incredible"
"There can be no black-white unity until there's first some black unity. We cannot think of being acceptable to others until we have first proven acceptable to ourselves."

Money can't buy you love, thought you knew that
Eight days a week like a rugrat
But you a sex machine and can't face facts
Gotta chase the cat, hear the hand claps
Turn the damn thing up, here we go again
No meaning no, so then you know again
Flow it like a poet and get ready then
Dance gotcha tremblin' in Timberland's
Jump back, pop the track Gonna shake it now
Check the cat, gettin' wrecked, gonna break it down
To the record now, gotta break it down
Rhyme the flow on the go, c'mon get it now
Back, back, now
Back in the building, Superman
Back, back, now
Back in the building, Superman
Back, back, now
Back in the building, Superman
Back, back, now
Back in the building, Superman

"Damn, back again, on track again"

Yeah, I'm saying we went from Gods to niggas, from queens to bitches;
Who in the hell told you that you were in heaven?
Who in the hell told you that you were in heaven?
Platinum gold, a house and a car but poverty all around you by far, people living under bridges or in a car;
Heaven for the super rich who call it modern living, but the Man from the east calls it a wilderness;
Cause Heaven for Whites is Hell for Blacks in america
Heaven and Hell are two conditions of Life
Not a place up there or a place down there
It's a condition of life on earth, so value life
Heaven is not things, it's a higher level of thinking
And at the moment, one may change the conditions of life
Our people think a job, partying and endless flow of women and Moet, Kristal and how much sex you can have is heaven
Sometimes you got to think that it may not be heaven all the time, but being able to meet life's struggles head on, head on, head on, without compromising your Soul soul soul soul
In this worlds Life, not Life after death; life on earth
Life, not worrying about how you are gonna eat or put clothes on your children
Sit yourself in heaven at once
A woman is a very important part of heaven
She produces heaven with you
And if she is connected to the source of Life
So heaven is a condition of Life
And you can have it on earth
SO VALUE LIFE
VALUE LIFE
Who in the hell told yall you were in heaven
Oh, Oh
Lord Have Mercy!Embed
We dont control sht
No education
Enforcement
Economics
Depending on governments
Forever in a plantation state
Damn this is why i hate hate
Wanna do something for the people
Make us equal
Instead of creatures
Who got human features
Let the whole world reach you
Things classrooms can't teach you
Now can you dig it?
Sing the song till we all get along
Feed the poor
Damn the law
When they trained em, taught em
Killed em when they caught em
Set up wet up
When they no longer could afford em
Put disease across the seas
Got the third world on their knees
Get it
As long as the people got something to say
You might also likeAs long as the people got something to say

At this critical junction the administration can't function
Taking our civil liberties over high price luncheons it's nothin when your considered a sheepole
As long as the people got something to say
"We the people"
They need a war to justify the taking of lives, they manage the lie behind the lie behind the lie
Now you can't run and hide it's high tech genocide
They never taught you the truth or how to survive
They clone doctors to put a spin on it
Hip hop heads to shook to pull the cover off it
It may effect there sales tip the scale
The way it looks they'll end up dead or in jail
We busy spinning and grinning on 26's you sitting
Change your god for your wealth thinking heaven your gettin
You must be pre-sistance in mass resistance
Love thy enemy and make this committment
To engage in struggle, with a clench fist lift it
Be true to self before the GOD end this
Yo! Public enemy we back in your.........Embed
"...Public Enemy"
"We will make it funky!"
"Public Enemy"

I smell a New Whirl Odor, I smell a New Whirl Odor
I smell a New Whirl Odor, I smell a New Whirl Odor
I smell a New Whirl Odor, I smell a New Whirl Odor
I smell a New Whirl Odor, I smell a New Whirl Odor

Check that soul in 'cause the tape is rollin
The Black don't crack, where that party at?
Stax, jump back, come on, wax them tracks
Johnny Juice, cut it live like them old 45's
Strong songs survive on them biggest records
Ninety-five beats per second, P.E. record
Now the color of death looks like the future is history
Now why you dissin' me? Cause it ain't no mystery
On the outside peekin' in, end of your freeride
No way we can win, 'cause this the beginning of the end
Of your liberal friends who sometimes pretend
Everything's changed, while nothing's changed much
Uh, don't y'all know, this is Chuck D
Stays to the left of this and to the right of that
Just Black, don't y'all know where my mind be at
Shit, I wanna know where's the rest of my cats
High trees be catchin' a lot of wind, my friend
I smell a New Whirl Odor
You might also like
"Here we go again"
"Public Enemy, New Whirl Odor"

I smell a New Whirl Odor, I smell a New Whirl Odor
I smell a New Whirl Odor, I smell a New Whirl Odor
I smell a New Whirl Odor, I smell a New Whirl Odor
I smell a New Whirl Odor, I smell a New Whirl Odor

I flock to refugees who flock to me
The Roots, The Coup, and kick aside the genocide and the juice
Comedians, actors, nuclear reactors, players and ballplayers
Singers, dancers, and rhymesayers
Why do us like you do, ska-doo, fuck the residue
Frustrated five on two's, no breaks for mad crews
Now who the fuck is you? Cause we sick-a you
Now who the fuck is you? Cause we sick-a you
Community hoe-ses who be posin' as Moses in street clothes
Who be the closest in blows-es
Now every rhyme be for the future of mankind
Crazy heads be cuttin' off they dreads
Ruinin' health with little knowledge of self
Income taxes breakin' off the backs off-a Blacks
Who done four hundred years in this abyss?
So I'm pissed the fuck at this New Whirl Odor
I smell a New Whirl Odor, I smell a New Whirl Odor
I smell a New Whirl Odor, I smell a New Whirl Odor
I smell a New Whirl Odor, I smell a New Whirl Odor
I smell a New Whirl Odor, I smell a New Whirl Odor

Some things in the air when the smoke clears
Will it only be White folks and nothin' but Black jokes?
How many be gone if they bomb barbershops and hair salons?
It's time to dot com, time to dot com
Before they rub out clubs where you get your drink on
Mother, father, sister, bro, love is the message
But war be the frontpage in this mess-age
Ghetto celebs spread by the hundreds, macked by the same tactics
With us in a tundra goin' under
Avoidin' cries from sodomized society
It's scary getting screwed without a dictionary
It's scary getting screwed without a dictionary
It's scary getting screwed without a dictionary

The world is a ball of confusion
The world is a ball of confusion
The world is a ball of confusion
The world is a ball of confusionEmbed
"It's time to start running!"

Bomb drop, designed as a warning shot
Listen, 'cause some of us don't check statistics, kick it
40 or so million blacks in America
How can 13.5% of the population be scaring ya
Survey says, 88% of us cites are black
95% of America's suburbs are white
But 10% of blacks are 50% white
But post racial politics tricks and lessens the fight
Education economics enforcement of law
The gaps the ratio even worse than before
Obama, baby, the truth is America will show you the door
Survey says

Run 'til it's dark, run 'til it's dark
Run till it's dark, run 'til it's dark
Run till it's dark, run 'til it's dark
Run till it's dark, run 'til it's dark
Run till it's dark, run 'til it's dark
Run till it's dark, run 'til it's dark
Run till it's dark, run 'til it's dark
You might also like
"Run, run"
"Ain't nobody talkin' when I'm talkin', fellas"
"Run, nigg, run nigg"

Run 'til it's dark, run 'til it's dark
Run till it's dark, run 'til it's dark
Run till it's dark, run 'til it's dark
Run till it's dark, run 'til it's dark
Run till it's dark, run 'til it's dark
Run till it's dark, run 'til it's dark
Run till it's dark, run 'til it's dark

Truth hurts
Makes me curse in this Fight The Power church
Stole history from everybody
Sellin' lies at the tea party, shame
Survey says peeps fed up with the feds
40 acres to 40 yards to 40 feet
Might as well be sleep, down laid out six feet
Deep respect, sot yet
You gotta give it to get, survey says
You gotta learn to earn way beyond your check
Lovable as huggin' a bull, that's some bull
Negativity gotta lot a pull, what's the use?
If you tie the noose and love the abuse?
Hanging yourself while you loving the loot
DJ Lord, knock it out the park
Survey says, survey says
Run 'til it's dark
Run 'til it's dark, run 'til it's dark
Run till it's dark, run 'til it's dark
Run till it's dark, run 'til it's dark
Run till it's dark, run 'til it's dark
Run till it's dark, run 'til it's dark
Run till it's dark, run 'til it's dark
Run till it's dark, run 'til it's darkEmbed
No disrespect to the rap heroes
The late, great Otis
But notice, and know this
In this time, here's a part time rhyme

Respect to you two heroes
But trickle-down got us less than zero
Respect, last I checked
Prison industrial complex, no swagger
Millions, billions, trillions, whips wheelin'
Is a million miles to what people's feelin', no gas
Try a little compassion, 2012 fashion
Style your insides, we outside
Fasten a broken seat belt, unemployed rid to Hell
SMDH, OMG, no, LOL

Have you forgotten? Latinos and Blacks
Pickin' electronic cotton, no Stax
16.2 percent is depression inside a recession
Spend money and time on hair and how we dressin'
Losin' homes, holmes, these stats be on smartphones
Don't need new slang to express the pain
Of what's really goin' on in the real game of life and now what?
Please discuss with no education
Knowledge, forty-five years of fucked up health
You might also likeLike Otis, know this
Teach 'em when you reach 'em

Y'all the heroes
Notice, know thisEmbed

Beware, we live in times under the influence of rhyme
To make the masses scared, seems like everything is everywhere
Fear the media, they make y'all swallow the pill until we clear the air
Beware, because adversaries barely care
You start off doing it, it ends up doing you
And using it ends up abusing you and your surrounding crew
The charisma of ignorance makes you hate, where you at?
Bitter makes you better when you're backed by the fact
Segregation, integration, aggravation, anti-immigration
From a land in total desperation
Y'all ain't gotta buy it or try it
I'll say it, they won't play it
But coming is a new breed of MC's to relay it
Easier to be misunderstood than understand this song
Beware, the youth is not youth for long
Rest in peace, TrayvonYou might also likeEmbed
No election, remember that presidential selection
Got us in another erection of body parts
Dick, Bush, and Colin, tape is rollin'
New Whirl Odor flowin way past deodorant
Got the masses ignorant them dumb asses
The whirl surrenders to the way of the beltway
Created a war, Bin Laden found Saddam
Yo Griff, tell 'em what good is a goddamn bomb
I know they been lying about Bin Laden
Fight the power, but you don't know who hit them towers
And they dont care, Tony Blair
Ask the axis of hate, is the UK the 51st state?

Gettin the bomb shit
Ain't like gettin bombed and shit
Orders from your Commander-in-Thief
Head Chief, handkerchief
Ain't that right, Griff?
You gonna go in there
And take things and bomb things
2007 high tech thug gang
I rather be getting it than getting hit
Presidential orders from this New Whirl Odor
Stressin peoples of color across the water and the borders
People need food, education, employment
And damn that high tech equipment
You might also like
And the rhetoric from one sided poli-tricks
From a government on some old World War III trip
If I was there, I'd quit, go home and be getting it
Stick a Bush and dick in the world and watch it twirl
America's a dude and the Earth a girl
You gotta fight for your love, remain a cut above
The rest of the world don't matter
Sounds like propaganda
New facism on another channel
Turn offa that thing and see the sun
I'm a take my black ass home and get someoneEmbed
You spend a buck in the nineties, what you get is a preacher
Forgivin' this torture of the system that brought 'cha
I'm on a mission and you got that right
Addin' fuel to the fire, punch to the fight
Many have forgotten what we came here for
Never knew or had a clue, so you're on the floor
Just growin, not knowin about your past
Now you're lookin' pretty stupid while you're shakin' your ass

Mind over matter
Mind over matter
Mind over matter
Mind over matter

Some people fear me when I talk this way
Some come near me, some run away
Some wanna take heed to every word I say
Some wanna build a posse, some stay away
Some people think that we plan to fail
Wonder why we go under or we goin' to jail
Some ask us why we act the way we act
Without lookin' how long they kept us back
You might also like
Mind over matter
Mind over matter
Mind over matter
Mind over matter

Yes you, if I bore you, I won't ignore you
I'm sayin' things that they say I'm not supposed to
Give you pride that you may not find
If you're blind about your past, then I'll point behind
Kings, queens, warriors, lovers
People proud, sisters and brothers
It's their biggest fear, suckers get tears
When we can top their best idea

Mind over matter
Mind over matter
Mind over matter
Mind over matterEmbed
Public Enemy
"Yeah, y'all"
"Hold it now!"

"Yeah y'all, that's right"

You may never heard it
I be spittin' on the senior circuit
After splittin' from the major circus
Check how I reword this
Duckin' young tigers shittin' the woods
Some cats be up to no good
I'm Jack Nigga-less to my hood
From the 'Velt, Roosevelt
You know what's wild
I never felt like some motherless or fatherless child
So I grew up to change the style
I don't care what that company spent
It's inevitable, they can't prevent the event
Through it all, I tell em all to stand tall
If I fall, just add another face to the wall
After all, these are the faces that they won't show
Cause these are the names they don't want you to know
Yes we can, they say no we can't
'Cause most of my heroes still don't appear on no stamp
You might also like
"Yeah y'all, that's right"
"Most of my heroes..."
Still don't appear on no stamp
"Most of my heroes..."
Still don't appear on no stamp

"Armageddon has been in effect, go get a late pass! Step!"
"Hold it now!"

From the pin, of the mind, of the Minister (Word!)
Those oppose, and the S1's will see ya (Word!)
All praises are due, don't forget this
(Public Enemy) On the grind, now dig this!

"Yeah y'all, that's right"
"Most of my heroes..."
Still don't appear on no stamp
"Most of my heroes..."
Still don't appear on no stamp

No envy in me, RIP C. Delores Tucker
Salute, Cynthia McKinney
And the crowd goes "Whoa!"
To some of my heroes, be most of y'all's foes
So I stay on my toes
Belafonte's to Biko's
Some dying in-cog-negro
Che, Chavezes, and Castro's
You don't know how it goes
"Ay, yo, yo, yo"
"Get it together"

"Yeah y'all, that's right"
"Most of my heroes..."
Still don't appear on no stamp
"Most of my heroes..."
Still don't appear on no stamp

Public Enemy, we back on the map
Yeah, yeah, c'mon

Say who, what be starin' at me
Expect me, Prince, the First Lady, and Muhammad Ali
Huey P. Newton, H. Rap Brown, Marcus Garvey, Angela Davis
Don't get no plain cramp, my heroes still ain't got no stamp
Kick that shit, G
Most of my heroes still don't appear on no stamp (Word)
Most of my heroes still don't appear on no stamp (Word)
Most of my heroes still don't appear on no stamp (Word)
Most of my heroes still don't appear on no stamp (Word)
"Yeah, y'all"2Embed
Get it in
Gots to get it in
I got to get it in
Gots to get in
Got to get it in

Heavy mental, artist instrumental
Ghetto metal, I said it 'cause I don't settle
My pen's the ride, on the pad, the road
Y'all must've known this is the way I unwind and unload
Over beats, overload, mind explodes
Stress in this depression, new ghosts of Tom Joad
New dust bowl blues, back to fake jewels
So I drop jewels to inform the fooled
Clock tickin' three songs a day like its food
Carry on, I am that ramblin' man dude
Updated, I was born to deliver car songs
D still drives a Caddy, I'll mess with a Dord
Now songs are blood and songs are swords
Everybody should be able to afford
Home, food, and a job to work
We the people gettin' robbed by these corporate jerks
I wonder how they sleep at night
When the people hitchhiking the turnpike
Y'all know that ain't right, so I gotta get it in tonight
I gotta get it in tonight
You might also like
Bump Knucks in the house and I came to (get it in)
Rock rock with the best of the best and I'm (get it in)
Touch mics, I a beast when I (get it in, get it in)
Yeah, word, throw your hands up (get it in)
When there's war for the cause, of course I gotta (get it in)
On the blaze on the mic, you know I gotta (get it in)
When PE calls a fight, so watch me (get it in)
Word, lets rock, word yo

I always wanted to be an S1
March my dance steps and carry two guns
Cause I'm a rider for the Strong Island
Wilin', stylin', 98 crew retirin' salute
For the culture I'll shoot, ha, boom bap at you
I'm nice, Chuck bars go too
We embargo too, we prohibit wack rappers to move
Ha, or we'll stomp on you
Throw your hands up, five fingers, close your fist
Then repeat after me and it goes like this
Come on, get it in (word), the rhymes are sick
This info in flow wherever it ends up
Copyright law that will leave you a sloppy right jaw
Hard as I work to write more
So Flavor Flav, if you're ready to win
Why don'tcha get on the mic and get it in, get it in?
In order to reach status like us you gotta (Get it in)
Public Enemy Number One, baby, yo we (Get it in)
Chuck D is the hard rhymer, yo, because he (Get it in)
Flavor Flav, he (Get it in)
Riding on the block, you gotta (Get it in)
In the Bronx, we rock the block, you gotta (Get it in)
Nassau county on the rock, you gotta (Get it in)
When you got to do your time, you gotta (Get it in)
In Rikers C-76, I had to (Get it in)
On the streets in a fight, I had to (Get it in)
Running from the cops, I had to (Get it in)
I was fighting with my girl, I had to (Get it in)
It was me against the world, I gotta (Get it in)
I'm in a high speed chase, I gotta (Get it in)
I got the cops on my case, I gotta (Get it in)
I got the IRS all after me, yo, I gotta (Get it in)
I got the Feds after me, yo, I gotta (Get it in)
I got my girl after me, yo, I gotta (Get it in)
When the boys is after you, yo, better (Get it in)
If you in a gang fight, yo, you better (Get it in)
When you go to jail, you got no choice but to (Get it in)
If he bend you over, you know he gonna (Get it in)Embed


Some foreign power, some group of terrorists
Some individual concern
Fight–fighting an enemy
Fight–fight–fighting–fighting–fight–fighting an enemy
The race that controls the past, controls the living present
And therefore, the future
Brrrrrr!
The future of the group is in doubt
Wow!
And they claim that it's the music
The future of the group is in doubt
Wow!
And they claim that it's the music
Lyrics have–Lyric–Lyrics have been rather controversial
Controversy– Controversy in– Controversy in the rap world
(God-damn)
The question is whether or not we are free as people
(Get off)
The question is–
What it– What it is?
Having an Afrocentric point of view
If you don't know your past, then you don't know your future
Word!
There is something changing in the climate of consciousness on this planet today
Public Enemy
(Word!)You might also like1Embed
Give me your tired and your poor
Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free
Icebreaker!

I know a silent nation in dislocation
Frustration from legislation
Led to demographic in isolation
Another participation in decapitation
Ten-four die, river deep, mountain high
Is a wall stuck between dyin' and doing time
Can't ignore it, smack dab border war
As the beat goes on, words flowed on, I caught the law
Pyramids, Machu Picchu, things they don't teach you
Don't apologize, you were here first on this earth
Before these millennial cowboys claimed their turf
Now who's a thousand miles and ran deserted in the desert?
Wild, wild west hurt to the dirt
Anti-immigration against brown skin sounds like Brownshirts
Silenced by so called legal violence
Somebody had permission to put humans in this condition
"This land is whose land?" They must've forgot
Kickin' the black in the ass while keeping the brown out
This one sided law makes me scream and shout
I-C-E is what I'm talkin' about
You might also like
I-C-E

Sgt Hawkes, and I'm found where the cops be
I get on illegals like I'm a paparazzi
I bring flash, but it ain't a camera
Gunfire shells hot enough to damage ya
No traffickin', no drug smugglin'
I-C-E, we came in thuggin'
Straight off the wire like Snoop and Chris
You can Rush like Limbaugh we get at you quick

What will they do when they find out about this
Come for me, for what I represent
This is my accent and I'm proud of it
We're bunches and cannot be stopped
Absurd laws with racist intentions
Benefit only to these classifiers
They insist, I insist - so here we go
Broken chains, jumping borders
Thrive or die, we're no longer satisfied
Its time for power to change hands
More righteous humans, is more human rights
They say, they owners, but we were here first
The world is free and without fear we broadcast
Multi-color race, is how we're painted
I have a dream and that dream has become my desire
Power to my peoples, not power to the governments
My, my, my, ooh wee
You should know how the story go
They was here first, you put it in reverse
You didn’t even call for a hearse when you
Left them dying in your country

Car radios, highway hoes, motorbike types
Skateboarder whores, watch them close them doors
Clap them hands, stomp them feet
Yeah, the more government wars
Good man, bad government, great driver, wack car
I seen it before
Marxism, dual citizens, China support
Meaning y’all go get a passport
Slavery is America's past sport
Homeland Security against my homeboys securin' me
Chained brains diaspora coming after
The same idea of the United States of Africa
Bering Strait before Palin and paleface
Waitin' for the ice to break, seventy percent of Americans ain't been no place
So the human race gets displaced
While the greedy man sees the land
His plan, seize the land to feed his face
A child lost in the wild picked your food
Built your house while still on exile
Barbed wire cactus, the new middle passage
To a person, the new whirl odors just rehearsing
I’ma put the line in the sand... huh! Cross that line
I’ma put the line in the sand... huh! Cross that line
Cause I’ma put the man in the sand... huh! Cross that man
Cause I’ma put the man in the sand... huh! Cross that man
Cause I’ma put the gun in his hand... huh! Cross that man
Cause I’ma put the gun in his hand... huh! Cross that man
I’ma put the fence in the sand... huh! Climb that fence
I’ma put the fence in the sand... huh! Climb that fence

Damn

By the time I get to the end of my verse
Calisthenics of the tongue exercising the first
That's freedom of speech so I speak my right
Seems to me there’ll always be powers to fight
So Chuck, let them know that the Bulls break ice
With the power of these words that we put within a mic
Like those in the past put power to pen
It was number thirteen, made us all equal men
Now Arizona back to legislate the hate
Guess freedom ain't free on this side of the gate
But everything changes if I look a certain way
Securing the homeland from how it was made
Now the ice that we skate upon is definitely thin
We got to break bad to let the good begin
A cold flag pole grabbed a hold of my tongue
Five-I froze and we all got dumb

I’m gonna be keep on doing the thing that’s supposed to be done
Put it on the poor thing doing the one
Get back, yeah, baby, yeah-ah
Icebreaker, icebreaker

(Ow!)

One man's terrorist, another's freedom fighter
Future tech, Molotov cocktails with a lighter
Legalized gang shit, Federal BI
You wanna buy a weapon, they won't hesitate a second
Whether African, Mexican, Middle East, or Haitian
Slaughter indigenous, plunder the nation
Petition the UN to gain legal traction
Then call you the enemy to justify the action
The brown in this world will only draw ire
Of the secret society soul sucking vampires
Either I come from a long line of liars
Or a degenerate senator's pants are on fire
Surround you with the walls to protect your freedom
Overlappin' laws to ensure confusion
Protect your neck in the 2012 season
Then bounce a check in the bank of illusion

Home grown terrorist, for the benefit
Can't find a title or the name, yeah, that really fits
These land jackers, paleface land grabbers
Caught in a border war, stench of the border whores
Real demons, fiendin' for a real reason
You can't truss 'em cause they always fuckin' schemin'
Broke treaties with the red man, damn!
Klan disguised as a fam? Fuck Uncle Sam!
Pause for the cause and open mental doors
These foreign invaders and human traffic traders
Undocumented worker, yeah, they want it back
Panic when the brown man link with the pro-Black
Now who's the real citizen? You never been
You raped and robbed every people, yeah, that let you in
The legalized theft of the native land
You speak with the forked tongue, with the rum and the gun in hand

The I-C-E (I-C-E!)
Who gets deported and who goes free?
Who gets detained and who remains?
Who gets the card and who gets the plane?
The I-C-E (I-C-E!)
Who gets deported and who goes free?
Who gets detained and who remains?
Who gets the card and who gets the plane?
The I-C-E

At least fifty-five million immigrants, one-fifty of the population
Are either immigrants or children of immigrants
(Icebreaker!)
(The I-C-E)
We found that missing changes in the immigration laws
And regional enforcement by the federal government
Are maybe unfairly targeting thousands
Families are being broken up
"I believe that the congressman or the senator, somebody out there is going to step up and say, 'Yeah, this is wrong'"1Embed
Kick that!
Ha-ha
Yeah, boy
Bass for your face
Kick that!
Ha-ha
Yeah, boy
Bass for your face
Kick That!
Bass, bass for your face
Bass for your face
Bass for your face

Kick that!
Ha-ha
Yeah, boy
Bass for your face

Kick that!
Ha-ha
Yeah, boy
Bass for your face
Kick that!
Ha-ha
Yeah, boy
Bass for your face
You might also likeKick that!
Ha-ha
Kick that! Kick that!
Ha-ha
Kick that! Kick that!
Ha-ha
Kick that!
Bass, bass, bass, bass for your faceEmbed
God damn, damn man
Man laughs at God’s plan
God laughs at man's trash
Man plans, God laughs

Let it be, what it is
Fight the power for the kids
Who don't know, you may ask yourself
Figured out
Bad news is bad news
The damn plan got you confused
Hood news, no good news
Ghettoburbs, see em as views

Am I a radical?
Am I a radical?
Am I a radical?
Am I a radical?
Am I a radical?
Am I a radical?
Am I a radical?
Am I a radical?
Am I a radical?
Am I a pacifist?
Am I scared to fight?
I ain't askin' you
Am I grown?
Do I stand up?
Am I owned?
You might also like
Let it be, speaking words
But no wisdom, make em dumb
Damn the plan that man made
Threw the monkey wrench
Praise their faves, what they gave
Get attention nowadays
It's the way they get paid
To get saved, pray to a stage

Do it for the culture, do it for the youth
Do it for the culture, do it for the youth
Do it for the culture, do it for the youth
Do it for the culture, do it for the youth

Am I a radical?
Am I a pacifist?
Am I scared to fight?
I ain't askin' you
Am I grown?
Do I stand up?
Am I owned?

Be the change you wanna see
And wanna be, let it be
Revolution, what it is
Bring the noise
'89 another summer
We to me, we to me
'89 another summer
We to me, we to me
Do it for the youth
Do it for the youth
Do it for the youth
Do it for the youth
Do it for the youth1Embed
Live it up

Two fingers up
Mother earth screwed up
Beautiful scenery
Betray that scenery
Pray to machinery
Tombstone cowboy
Start where your head at
Some wanna shout
Some gotta cut
Some get caught
Many fought
Untaught
Get ‘em in court
Save my hood
But what good is my hood
When God say it’s no good?
It’s no good when its no God
Know God

Give peace a damn
Or we don’t stand a chance
Give a damn
You might also like
Live it up

I get like Mingus
Ain’t askin' y'all to sing this
Every hood is the same
The only difference is the slang
Deeds of evil
Game changers
Upheaval
Evil salutations
To your mutations
Lotta nerve
To say you disturbed
Guess who’s coming to dinner
The same folks who picked your dinner
It don't sound like a winnin'
Only just the beginning
Respect the beginning
Peace to the world we all living in it2Embed

I boarded a plane headstrong
Landed with a smile on my face
To give service back to the land that's our home
I long for coming back to Africa

So it's cool to be black until it’s time to be black
Ain’t never too late to go back and give back
So I let born-afters know I rap for Africa
To give to the motherland, to see what’s mine again
Be of service, land of dark faces
Split, colonized in fifty-three places
The greed went on 'til everything was gone
Wiped out by previous wars, I work on
Graves of the poor
To clean up this mess left by the west
My duty to the African, tell my next of kin
In a song, but damn, nothing around me
And what the hell I step on?

With my head on straight
I was gone too damn long
Over four hundred and fifty years, to be exact
Not paying attention, I stepped on a mine
You might also like
On the edge of motherland, around my head
Compromised in this Christian missionary position
Fear, there must be some way up out of here
What a bitch, mother eff it in a clean up ditch effort
Stepped on some bomb shit that a past war left it
Kids dying in them nearby diamond mines
Out here working that worldwide grind
Hope somebody finds me out left behind
Silent ticks killing me softly, Malaria
But DeBeers, they the ones got me sick
Isolated while I waited with thoughts in my head
About my sole intention to save my brothers and sisters

My thoughts is racing as my tears run down my face
I came back to help repair what's mine
If I move, I'm a goner

My sole intention to save my brothers and sisters
How we became boy instead of mister
I came too far here to be called some nigga
My foot on some bomb, I’ma end up worse than a drifter
Myself and what my foot stuck on?
360 degrees
Mine again, mine again
Was it all worth it?
Is Africa really ours?
This mine got me thinking
All this death and destruction
Let's not forget about the corruption
To rob the motherland of its resources
Is Africa mine?
Or the people who sit in the seat of power?
Mine again, mine againEmbed
Hear the- Hear the- Hear the drummer get wicked
Hear the- Hear the- Hear the drummer get wicked
Hear the- Hear the- Hear the drummer get wicked
Hear the- Hear the- Hear the drummer get wicked

I’mma point a finger and the fingers at you
I know what you did and I know what you do
Flipping that news got the people confused
Abusin’ all the rhythm leaving us the damn blues
Wicked while you winnin’ while the rest of us lose
Nobody knowin’ just who the fuck who
So I identify, I identify you
Those who know, know who

Hear the- Hear the- Hear the drummer get wicked
Hear the- Hear the- Hear the drummer get wicked
Hear the- Hear the- Hear the drummer get wicked
Hear the- Hear the- Hear the drummer get wicked

Got a first and a middle and an unknown name
Signed the dotted line and charged your game
See they be lyin’, nobody knows names
X the damn rhyme in a low down shame
Pushing all the buttons, pulling all the levers
You know who it is, it’s the so called devil
Beyond what you see and now another level
Deeds of evil, Pick, hoe, axe, shovel
Get to picking while they politickin'
Known all alone in a room like quicken
Expose who they are and what they do
Those who know, know who
You might also like
Hear the- Hear the- Hear the drummer get wicked
Hear the- Hear the- Hear the drummer get wicked
Hear the- Hear the- Hear the drummer get wicked
Hear the- Hear the- Hear the drummer get wickedEmbed
I let the entire world know of your problem
But let everybody also know of your crimes
But you don't want to fix this world by solving
Rather have the earth singing to your lies
I'm just tired of your talk
Tired of your talk
You can keep it
Y'all can keep it, keep it, keep it
Your honky talk rules
Screw your rules

I'm tired of their style
Got y'all turnt up break and say, "Wow!"
Worldwide shuttin' down all of their game
You don't know we're in the hall of fame
Tell all the young people who don't know
Who dig in that pocket - If you don't know
And go Google
Learn about truth
Then we gonna raise the roof - You better ask somebody
It's the time to salute the youth
Yeah

It's the honky talk, honky talk
Honky talk rules
Uuuh, baby
Bounce - come on, bounce
Come on, bounce
Come on, bounce
You might also likeIt's the honky talk, honky talk
Honky talk rules
Uuuh
Bounce - come on, bounce
Come on, bounce
Come on
I got to say:
It's the honky talk
Honky talk rules
Bounce - come on, bounce
Come on, bounce
Come on, bounce
It's the honky, honky, honky, honky talk rules

All you got is your money
Only thing that y'all can stand on
Shutting my culture down - it ain't funny
See y'all peeking to the break of dawn
I'm just just bragging
Yes I'm boasting
Toast to the blues
So I gotta ego
I got to say yo
Learn little something
Y'all don't know
Those of y'all ready
I tell them now
So let's go
I tell them now
You? You tell me something, that you think I don't know
Think again, yeah
Well, well, well, well

Honky, honky, honky, honky talk rules
Honky talk, honky talk
Honky talk rules
Uuuh, baby
Bounce - come on, bounce
Come on, bounce
Come on, bounce
It's the honky talk, honky talk
Honky talk rules
Uuuh
Bounce - come on, bounce
Come on, bounce
Come on, bounce
I got to say:
It's the honky talk
Honky talk rules
Uuuh baby
Bounce - come on, bounce
Come on, bounce
Come on, bounce
It's the honky, honky, honky, honky talk rules

»You can keep it baby«
»Honky talk«1Embed
No sympathy.....

News fit for rhyme, BS fit to spit
The hate that hate produced swung up in a noose
Most them history pages comin’ off stages
Colors, genders, and ages
(Devil) Black, Brown, Yellow, Red, but White...
Supremacy, tendency in currency
!!!GASP!!!
Estrogen robbin' my oxygen
Still dissin' skin, inform my next of kin (Woop, woop)
(Now get in the back of the car for what? Let’s go!) Crazy
Government created grown-up 80's crack babies
Treat your ass cold 'til the frostbite bites
In December, the devil remembers

Man don’t you worry ‘bout (God) No! Get down
Man don’t you worry ‘bout (Evil) No! Get down
Man don’t you worry ‘bout (God) No! Get down
Man don’t you worry ‘bout (Evil) No! Get down

Pitch black
It was you who got in the devil’s bed
Didn't you see this coming?
The great satan, a global terrorist
Didn’t you see the smoke?
Maybe it’s time for us to pick up the gun
No sympathy from the devil
You might also like
Ain't lettin' it slide, flippin' love and genocide
Ain't forgiven that spit that came with a culture kit
Since when did you decide the truth should hide?
You 20-30-40, I’m 55!
Double nickel, sick this cell
Like sickle, I ain’t your typical
Watch what you heard, ain’t revenge of the nerds
I’m in my September, but the devil remembers

Man don’t you worry ‘bout (God) No! Get down
Man don’t you worry ‘bout (Evil) No! Get down
Man don’t you worry ‘bout (God) No! Get down
Man don’t you worry ‘bout (Evil) No! Get down

There’s been nights where them knights cursed us (Us)
Who fills the jail cells right up and first us
I don’t believe a damn word I receive
Gotta lotta nerve sayin', "If you don't like it just leave"
Like who gives a damn if they kill another man
Woman or child behind another smile
Now see young folk pass the baton
In the same old thing
Carry on, carry on
No sympathyEmbed
Get up! Get up and let ‘em know you still with ‘em no matter what happens!
Put your goddamn hands together for Public Enemy number one!

That’s the way we gonna do it
And that’s the way we gonna get through it

We the people, can we get together?
(Hell yeah!)
Can we get together, we the people?
(Oh yeah!)
See the people, are they free and equal?
(Hell no!)
Can we get from me to we, my people?
(We don’t know!)

Don’t you know

Here we come from another time
We be family type of rhyme
Public Enemy, might disagree
The deaf can’t hear it, the blind can’t see
Dumb is relative, blind can’t see
We all relatives, human family
No I in team, but who we be?
Thinking how we’d be from me to we
You might also like
We the people, can we get together?
(Hell yeah!)
Can we get together, we the people?
(Oh yeah!)
See the people, are they free and equal?
(Hell no!)
Can we get from me to we, my people?
(We don’t know!)

Don’t you know
Here we come, here we go
If you don’t know, I am the show
We get down for the crown
Step by step, we build this town
Overseas, on the road
Die hard fans at our show
How do we get from me to we?
Turn the M upside down on me and you will see

We the people, can we get together?
(Hell yeah!)
Can we get together, we the people?
(Oh yeah!)
See the people, are they free and equal?
(Hell no!)
Can we get from me to we, my people?
(We don’t know!)
It’s always for something
And something is nuttin’Embed
Lost in space... music
Yeah!

Every generation
Got their music
Kick it!
Beyond this hatin’
Every generation
Gots its favorite (Haha)
Favorite nation (Hahaha)
New releases
Label ceases
To release it
Magazine pieces
Lambo leases
Gabardine creases
What we gonna do?
Fashionistas
Lovin’ that music

Lost in music
Don't understand it!
Lost in music
I’m lost in music
You might also likeYa know... some of these dudes out here ain’t right

Lovin’ believin’ it
Without even seein’ it
Young folk feel it
Not even bein’ it
People say steal it
I’m a realist
Damn
Pass the cam
(Daaaaaam!)
Turnt up brand

Lost-Lost-Lost in music
Don’t understand it!
Lost in music
Yeah!
»Space music«Embed
And the apple bite me back)

Uh!
Corplantationopoly
Corplantationopoly

Bump bump bump bump bump bump bumpin
Music you love, owned by something
Pity pity, flock to these cities
Seem to forgot, punch the robot
New ways replace the old daze
Know the old guys rule in disguise
(But let me get my money)
Owning them masters
Corplantations making disasters

To the beat y’all, you don’t stop
To the beat y’all, you don’t quit

Manipulate thought
Bait and switch, mind corp
Caught but never taught, who owns the corp?
Free the body, arrest the spirit
Everybody’s looking around waiting for them to hear it
Capital court, ad psyche
Soul is bought, your soul just might be
Triggered by greed that feeds the lust
They live for the pleasure
The high, the head rush
You might also like

Bump bump bump bump bump bump bumpin’
Bump bump bump bump bump bump bumpin’
Bump bump
How can I say this?
Here I go
Here go the black hippy
Cause they trippin’
C’mon get wit me


Bump bump, how can I say this?
Corplantations spreading that matrix
Pity pity, flock to these cities
Seem to forgot, punch the robot
Made a livin’, steal thanksgivin’
The law been givin’, blood in my pocket
Can’t stop the corporate prophet
Out for just profit, dare you to stop it
Embed
A - The war of art / against the art of war
B - Be yourself / then see yourself
C - Check yourself / don’t destroy yourself
D - Don’t love yourself / can’t love nobody else
E - Planet Earth I’m a Earthizen
F - Don’t forget the God within
G - Grind to find yourself again
H - Have art fill what’s missin’
The earth without art is just...

I - I am awake not sleep
J - No justice / no peace
K - Ain’t ok to be no sheep
L - Listen to the words speakers speak
M - Black lives matter c’mon now
N - No lives matter if we don’t matter
O - Oh say can y’all see?
P - Planet Earth - Public Enemy
The earth without art is just...

Q - Question is it right or is it wrong?
R - Right on, listen to the song
S - Sacrifice for the team
T - Time to make something mean
U - Means we under arrest
V - Victims of the system stress
W - We instead of me the narrative
X
Y
Z
Cause art is how we live
You might also like
So it’s time to leave you a preview
So you too can review what we doEmbed
Bring that beat back!
Bring that beat back!
Y’all wanna hear that beat, right?
Bring that beat back!
Yeah!
Re-Re-Re-Revolution
Brothers and sisters!
Re-Re-Re-Revolution (yea-)
Re-Re-Re-Revolution
Yeah!
Ca-Ca-Ca-Call me the triggerman
Yeah!
Re-Re-Re-Revolution
Re-Re-Re-Revolution
Re-Re-Re-Revolution
Watch your step boy!
Yeah!
Ca-Ca-Ca-Call me the triggerman
Yeah!
Re-Re-Re-Revolution
Brothers and sisters!
Re-Re-Re-Revolution
Re-Re-Re-Revolution
Yeah!
Ca-Ca-Ca-Call me the triggerman
Yeah!
Re-Re-Re-Revolution
Ca-Ca-Ca-Call
Get-Get-Get-Get-Get loud!
Revolution
Re-Re-Re-Revolution
Yeah!
Ca-Ca-Ca-Call me the triggerman
Yeah!
You might also likeBring that beat back man!
Bring that beat back!
Bring that beat back!
Y’all wanna hear that beat, right?
Bring that beat back!
Hey yo Chuck
From the-From-From the base motherland
Brothers and sisters!
From the-From the base motherland
Tell em!
From the base motherland
Yeah!
Get-Get-Get
From the-From the base motherland
Uh!
From the-From the base motherland
Better watch your step!
From the base motherland
Yeah!
From the base motherland
The place of the drum
Here go the sound
Boom and pound!
Brothers and sisters!
Here go the sound
Boom and pound!
Here go the sound
Boom and pound!
Yeah!
Here go the sound
Boom and pound!
Here go the sound
Boom and pound!
Here go the sound
Boom and pound!
Here go the sound
Boom and pound!
Yeah!
Here go the sound
Boom and pound!
Get-Get-Get loud
Bring that beat back man!
Bring that beat back!
Bring that beat back!
Y’all wanna hear that beat, right?
Bring that beat back!
The unexpected revolution
Brothers and sisters!
The unexpected revolution
Loud!
The unexpected revolution
Get-Get-Get-Get
Yeah!
The unexpected revolution
The unexpec-pec-pected revolution
The unexpec-pec-pected revolution
Yeah!
Get loud!
...Back one more time…
...Back one more time…
...Back one more time…
...Back one more time...Embed
"But he like so many other White leaders appears to have missed the point"
"Once the riot started, it went like a forest fire. It started in a lot of different places at pretty much the same time"

Five hundred FBI agents comin' after us with a license to kill
Thirty mil, claimin' it's just a drug bust

They thinkin' they making a fly switch
Replace the devil for a witch, dirty *****

Reach uppity reach gotta reach
Power to the people and the beats
(Oh yes)

Some people accuse some people of crimes
Some people get away with losin' my rhyme (Uh!)
They don't like where I'm comin' from, so they play dumb
Dumb-diggety-dumb-diggety-dumb
But I'm tellin' you what they do,  everybody plays a fool
While the real thief cools in a pool (Yeah!)
He who got the finger on the war button
Talkin' loud and sayin' nothin'
TV got 'em bigger than life
(Oh yes) All he needs is a knife
Who the criminal?
You might also like
Blind, deaf and dumb, hard to see 'em comin', but they come, here they come
Don't be dumb-diggety-dumb
Politickin' write bad checks, still they gettin' wrecked
Going for a ***** neck (Uh!)
Rolling in a blue and white gang
Ready to bang-biggety-bang
Hanging 'round the hangin' rope
(Nope, nope, nope!) N-O-P-E
I ain't bendin' for the soap (Yeah!)
Never understood why the 'hood half a who's in the joint
Now they got me losin' my point
Gotta have it goin' on
Born criminal, born

Take a piece of America back, but who had it first?
Hear the Indian curse (Uh!)
Robbed and stole so many so much, it ain't funny
Now who got 'em face on money?
Politician passin' a bill, paid in full
C-note rockin' in a pocket, how they livin'
Making sure they lockin' us up, I got a feelin' I'm (In a minute)
When it come to somethin' we say
What they don't like is a brother like me on the mic in fact
To the gritty, ain't none of us wack
Noriega had back (Yeah!)
Jeffrey Dahmer enters the room without cuffs
How the hell do we get stuffed
In the back of a cell on a isle, ain't it wild?
What's criminal?
Power to the people and the beats

Only if I had one more
Time to kick the rhythm that keep rippin' down the door
So the real criminals get exposed behind the clothes
Doors and the suits that make and break the law
Lookin' for my own 'cause I had enough bull
I can't understand it, must been the crooked way they planned it
Police 'posed to keep the peace
But I can't trust 'em, so I keep my piece
Loaded and cocked 'cause I don't miss the block
Talk about the ones who don't get chained to the rock
Those who got away with the dirt and the grime
While we go away for the neighborhood crime
Never liked what I saw in the law
Indiana trees hanging us instead of leaves (Yeah!)
We hanging from the roof (Yeah!)
By real criminals

They thinkin' they making a fly switch
Replace the devil for a witch, dirty *****

Reach uppity reach gotta reach
Power to the people and the beats
Reach uppity reach gotta reach
Power to the people and the beats
Reach uppity reach gotta reach
Power to the people and the beats
Reach uppity reach gotta reach
Power to the people and the beats
Power to the people and the beats
Power to the people and the beats1Embed
So long ago, the story go
I testify, I occupy
All the battlin' and wrasslin' on Capitol Hill
Now the pill got you ill and y'all digit-ill
I dig the dig, been off the pig
Diggin' the digital and I never reneged
Slow down, they want a slower damn sound machine
Who, me? They don't even know what I mean
What I'm sayin', what I'm seein' is human beings who I'm seeing
What I'm sayin', who be playin', what I'm sayin', seein' beings
Humans turned into damn machines
And they don't even know what the fuck it means
Y'all can stop it on the three but they can drop it on the one
The P-E-A-C has just begun

"One-one-one, hoo-hah!"

"Yes we can," it's out the can
This mothafuckin' beat is African
I rhyme once a while when the shit is wild
Some people confused
Consumin style
As you grab it
They come to grab us
Now they gots us
I think they shot us
Corporations down to your bone
I ain't no dumb mf on a smart ass phone
I been legit we never quit
Exploded uploaded so yall can spit
Go on and downloaded mixtape
But it mixed and it ain't tape
Dont rhyme for the sake of riddlin
Tweet for the joke of twitterin
My intuition got me trippin position
Humans turned into damn machines
They dont even know what the fk i mean
Yall can stop it on the 3
Y'all can stop it on the three but they can drop it on the one
The P-E-A-C has just begun
You might also like
MY MIND IS MINE MY GRIND DESIGN
I BEEN THAT AGE THEY AINT BEEN MINE
SO WATCH ME  WORK IT FROM MY  CIRCUIT
AGAINST THEIR PURPOSE
OF KEEPIN TRUTH FROM THE YOUTH
A P.I .CIRCUS
THEY TELL YALL SPEED
IS WHAT YYALL  NEED
MAKE YOU CONSUME
TO GET THE BOOM
NO ANSWERS
NO DANCIN
Y'ALL JUST CONSUME
WHEN THE PARTYS DONE
THEY
JUST TEARIN UP THE ROOM
BOMB THE EARTH TO PIECES
THEY CANT CALM THE WORLD TO PEACE
THE LEASE IS UP IN THIS
THE BELLY OF THIS BEAST
HUMANS TURNED INTO DAMN MACHINES
THEY DONT EVEN KNOW WHAT THE FK I MEAN
YALL CAN STOP IT ON THE 3
BUT THEY DROPPED IT ON THE 1
THE P E A C E JUST BEGUNEmbed
NOW HES ON THE BASS IM ON THE MICROPHONE
REAL TALK NEW YORK SO NOW WE ROCK
1 RHYME AT A TIME OLD SCHOOL DESIGN
YOU CAN DANCE TO IT ROMANCE TO IT
THROW YOUR HANDS IN THE AIR TAKE A CHANCE TO IT
RUN TILL ITS DARK KNOCK IT OUT THE PARK
ROCK THAT BOX WITH THE REAL HIP HOP
ORDODOX NOT ON MY WATCH
AINT PAYING FOR PAY TO PAY NO JOX
BEATS DOING WORK RHYMES IN REVERSE
MY HOOD IS HURT FROM ALL THE DIRT
UNDERNEATH THEM STREETS AND ALL CONCRETE
IS MOTHER EARTH FOR ALL ITS WORTH
PAY ATTENTION
CHEAPEST PRICE TO PAY
MIGHT SAVE YOUR LIFE
GIVE YOU ANOTHER DAY
AND ROCK ONYou might also likeEmbed
Make you feel like you can walk on water
Oughta blame the fame, see the list got shorter
Famous, fame in nations, publicist managers, public relations
SOMETIMES THE FIRST GETS ALL THE PERKS
PUBLICIST MANAGER LAWYER LURKS
WHO ENDS UP AS THE JERK WHO JERKS
EVERYBODY EVENTUALLY HITS THE DIRT
SOMETIMES FAME AINT GOT NOTHING TO DO WITH WORK
CHECK THE LIST READ BETWEEN THE TEARS WHO GOT JERKED
Across the seven lands, seven seas, OMG
Time flies, DJ Lord give me a fly-by
It is I, mindin' my own mind
FATHER TIME BE THE BOSS
COMES AT A COST
HE AINT NEVER LOST
FAME IS FAKE
CAUSE IT FADES
POP THE FAME BUBBLE
CAUSE HE AND SHE GOT GAME TROUBLE
MISSING PERSON ALERT
EVERYBODYS POCKETS AND FEELING HURT
FAME FORTUNE ATTENTION DID I MENTION
(Flavor verse)
FLAVOR WOOD I MEAN HOLLYWOOD
OSCAR EVEN SMOKIN NEWPORTS
SIPPIN THAT DRINK WHAT THE FUCK YOU THINK?
MY HEAD GOT BIG CAUSE I GOT THAT CRANK
FAME IS MY NEW NAME
ROLLS ROYCE IS MY NEW GAME
I GOT THAT BANK I CAN MAKE IT RAIN
CASH MONEY BABY SO REMEMBER THE NAME
YEAH THATS RIGHT I CAME BACK HOME ONE TIME
TO PUT RET TOPS OUT ON THE BLOCK
AND GOT THE STOCK
AND BROKE OUT AND TOOK A DIFFERENT ROUTE
AND MOVED TO LA TO THROW A FRITO LAY
OFF THE DOCK OF THE BAY
NOW ME AND CHUCK D STILL MAKING RECORDS
THAT YOU PLAY
EVERY WRONG SHT THAT GETS IN OUR WAY WE SLAY
WELL BULLDOZE YOU DOWN LIKE
ELIN NORDEGREN DID TO TIGER WOODS CRIB
ITS ON THE INTERNET
You might also like(Chuck D second verse)
EITHER MAKES YOU YOU HIT IT OR QUIT IT NO SHT
SO WHAT YOU WANNA DO WHAT YOU GONNA DO
I COME OFF THE ROAD FROM NOWHERE AND I BROUGHT MY CREW
MAKE YOURSELF VALUABLE SO THE MONEY CHASES YOU
FAME AINT EQUAL CAUSE IT CAN DEGRADE YOU
SOMEBODY CLAIM THEY MADE YOU
FAME MAY MAKE YOU BREAKABLE THEN BREAK YOU
INSTEAD OF NOT PAYING TEACHERS FOR TEACHIN
THE YOUNG GET HUNG UP AND MURDER FOR SNEAKERS
FAMOUS JUST TO BE FAMOUS
PAPARAZZI AIM IS
WHAT MY NAME IS
SHE USED TO SING GOSPEL
THEN BROKE AWAY FROM GODS SPELL
PITFALL WAS PITIFUL
AS SHE LAY IN THE HOSPITAL
FAMOUS POLITICIANS IN THE 80S LED TO THE BIRTH OF CRACK BABIES
DJ LORD SAVE US FROM THOSE THAT CRIED DAVIS
MACHINE OF THE ACTS CREATED I HATE IT
(Flavor verse repeat)
FLAVOR WOOD I MEAN HOLLYWOOD
OSCAR EVEN SMOKIN NEWPORTS
SIPPIN THAT DRINK
WHAT THE FUCK YOU THINK?
MY HEAD GOT BIG
CAUSE I GOT THAT CRANK
FAME IS MY NEW NAME
ROLLS ROYCE IS MY NEW GAME
I GOT THAT BANK
I CAN MAKE YOU THINK
CASH MONEY BABY SO REMEMBER THE NAME
YEAH THATS RIGHT I CAME BACK HOME ONE TIME
TO PUT RED TOPS OUT ON THE BLOCK
GOT IN A STOCK
AND BROKE OUT AND TOOK A DIFFERENT ROUTE
AND MOVED TO LA TO THROW A FRITO LAY
OFF THE DOCK OF THE BAY
NOW ME AND CHUCK D STILL MAKING RECORDS
THAT YOU PLAY
EVERY ONE THAT GETS IN OUR WAY WE SLAY
WE FOOLED THOSE WHO DOUBT LIKE
ELIN NORDEGREN
DID TO TIGER WOODS CRIB
ITS ON THE INTERNETEmbed
Bass for your face, London!
Everybody in the house, make some noise!
I want everybody in the house to say, "Ho!" (Ho!)
Yo Chuck, kick it to 'em, man!
"A ballad behind bars, or you could say real rock from the rock. An unusual musical happening in a most unusual place. The state prison..."
"Get in that cell, nigga!"
I got a letter from the government the other day
I opened and read it, it said they were suckers
They wanted me for their army or whatever
Picture me giving a damn, I said never
Here is a land that never gave a damn
About a brother like me and myself because they never did
I wasn't with it, but just that very minute it occurred to me
The suckers had authority
Cold sweating as I dwell in my cell, how long has it been?
They got me sitting in the state pen
I gotta get out, but that thought was thought before
I contemplated a plan on the cell floor
I'm not a fugitive on the run
But a brother like me begun to be another one
(Word) Public enemy serving time
They drew the line, y'all, to criticize me for some crime
Nevertheless, they could not understand that I'm a Black man
And I could never be a veteran
On the strength, the situation's unreal
I got a raw deal, so I'm looking for the steel
You might also like
They got me rotting in the time that I'm serving
Telling you what happened the same time they're throwing
Four of us packed in a cell like slaves, oh well
The same motherfucker got us living in his hell
You have to realize, what is a form of slavery
Organized under a swarm of devils
Straight up - word 'em up on the level
The reasons are several, most of them federal
Here is my plan anyway, and I say
I got gusto, but only some I can trust, yo
Some do a bid from 1 to 10
But I never did, and plus I never been
I'm on a tier where no tears should ever fall
Cell block and locked, I never clock it, y'all
'Cause time and time again
Time, they got me serving to those, to them I'm not a citizen
But ever when I catch a C-O
Sleeping on the job, my plan is on go-ahead
On the strength, I'ma tell you the deal
I got nothing to lose
'Cause I'm going for the steel

Don't you know I caught a C-O
Falling asleep on death row
I grabbed his gun, and he did what I said so
And every man's demand got served
Along with the time they served, decency was deserved
To understand my demands
I gave a warning, I wanted the governor, y'all
And plus the warden to know
That I was innocent because I'm militant
Posing a threat, you bet it's fucking up the government
My plan said I had to get out and break north
Just like Oliver's neck, I had to get off
My boys had the feds in check
They couldn't try nothing
We had a force to instigate a prison riot
This what it takes for peace
So I just took a piece
Black for Black inside time to cut the leash
Freedom to get out to the ghetto, no sell out
6 C-Os we got, we ought to put their head out
But I'll give 'em a chance, 'cause I'm civilized
As for rest of the world, they can't realize
A cell is hell, I'm a rebel, so I rebel
Between bars, got me thinking like an animal
Got a woman C-O to call me a copter
She tried to get away, and I popped her
Twice, right? Now who wanna get nice?
I had 6 C-Os, and now it's 5 to go
And I'm serious, call me delirious
But I'm still a captive, I gotta wrap this
Time to break as time grows intense
I got the steel in my right hand, now I'm looking for the fence
As I ventured into the courtyard
Followed by 52 brothers, bruised, battered, and scarred but hard
Going out with a bang, ready to bang out
But power from the sky, from the tower shots rang out
A high number of dose, yes, and some came close
I figure I trigger my steel, I still stand and hold my post
This is what I mean, an anti-nigga machine
If I come out alive, then they won't come clean
Then I threw up, my steel bullets flew up
And to my surprise the water tower blew up, who shot
What, who, what, the bazooka was who
And to my rescue, it was the S1Ws
Secured my getaway, so I just got away
The joint broke from the black smoke
Then they saw it was rougher than the average bluffer
'Cause the steel was black, the attitude exact
Now the chase is on, telling you to c'mon
53 brothers on the run, and we are gone8Embed
What you reap, is what you sow
And what you keep, is what you owe
And what the people want to know is
Who's gonna catch the thrown?
And what you got, is what they want
And what they see, they sat they need
And people bleedin', from the greed
Now who's gonna catch the thrown?

Thrown at, thrown under
Thrown to the side
Throwing up disgusted, so we're throwin' down
Thrown under the bus draggin' on the ground
Power to the people salutin' the underground
Against those standing in mansions, spittin' down at us
From up their higher ground
Feed the people, fight the power, fix the poor
But that 1% done shut the door
In God we trust our money, it's a slap in the face
To the rest of the whole human race
Post racial wealth and taste, change a name
But you can't change race in the United States
People say they're kings, plus say they're queens
If we all don't eat, what does it all mean?
We watch and listen, but I'll leave it alone
But who's gonna catch the thrown?
You might also like
What you reap, is what you sow
And what you keep, is what you owe
And what the people want to know is
Who's gonna catch the thrown?
And what you got, is what they want
And what they see, they sat they need
And people bleedin', from the greed
Now who's gonna catch the thrown?

Divide and conquer, the oldest trick in the game
Is the one between the people who are really the same
As the rich get richer, the poor get bitcin'
The people keep kissin', the feds don't listen
This recession's seen a black depression
Situation of a nation headed for desperation
No quarterback gets sacked on the couch
The sound of black America is "Ouch!"
Governments don't love you and president executions
End up looking like some final solutions
Murder is an institution backed up and hacked up
By some handwritten, constitution
Do what you do! Buddhist, Christian, Hindu
Muslim and Hebrew, you're all what you do
I be seeing human beings that stew, yet
Never have so many been screwed by so few!
We watch the kings and queens and what they owe
But who's gonna catch the thrown?
There's a man going 'round takin' names

The system is designed to incriminate
Genocide was devised to eliminate
Equality is a myth
They had me in jail for a crime I didn't even commit
A stereotype
They feel every color is inferior, right?
Brothers who resist are considered a threat
From Sitting Bull, to Malcolm X
In the land of the free, and suspect elections
John Kennedy had the mob connections
President Reagan sold guns to Iraq
Yet they try to say that criminals are all black
What's up with these corrupt politicians?
Them drugs they be shippin', but they never go to prison
This fucked up system better never try to bag me
Fuck Zimmerman, he's guilty, clearly

Catch the thrown!
You've got to testify
Is that the one percent that you need
Says that you occupy
Catch the thrown!
I've got to testify
Is that the one percent that y'all want
You've got to occupy
There's a man going 'round takin' names

Free the mind prisoners, but they ain't listening
F the po-po, but who that whistling?
Foes making a killing, Juxtaposed against those givin' a livin'
Give me shelter, cause these issues be official
Is the need to feed replaced by the greed?
I ain't tryin' to yell at you or sell to you
Some B.S. they already told to you
End up being sold to you, did I mention?
The cheapest price is to pay attention
Now the test is just being at your best
With that you can hold your own
But who's gonna catch the thrown?

What you reap, is what you sow
And what you keep, is what you owe
And what the people want to know is
Who's gonna catch the thrown?
And what you got, is what they want
And what they see, they sat they need
And people bleedin', from the greed
Now who's gonna catch the thrown?

Ay yo Chuck, I think we got this shit under wraps, son
Dun said, dun said, dun said
Let's get the F up outta here, man2Embed
Burn Hollywood burn I smell a riot
Goin' on -- first they're guilty, now they're gone
Yeah I'll check out a movie
But it'll take a Black one to move me
Get me the hell away from this T.V
All this news and views are beneath me
So all I hear about is shots ringing out
About gangs putting each other's head out
So I rather kick some slang out
All right fellas let's go hang out
Hollywood or would they not
Make us all look bad like I know they had
But some things I'll never forget, yeah
So step and fetch this shit
For all the years we looked like clowns
The joke is over -- smell the smoke from all around
Burn Hollywood burn

Ice Cube is down with the P.E
Now every single bitch wanna see me
Big Daddy is smooth, word to mother
Let's check out a flick that exploits the color
Roaming through Hollywood late at night
Red and blue lights what a common sight
Pulled to the curb, getting played like a sucker
Don't fight the power *gunshot* the motherfucker
You might also like
As I walk the streets of Hollywood Boulevard
Thinking how hard it was to those that starred
In the movies portraying the roles
Of butlers and maids, slaves and hoes
Many intelligent Black men seemed
To look uncivilized when on the screen
Like, I guess I figure you to play some jigaboo
On the plantation, what else can a nigga do
And Black women in this profession
As for playing a lawyer, out of the question
For what they play Aunt Jemima is the perfect term
Even if now she got a perm
So let's make our own movies like Spike Lee
Cause the roles being offered don't strike me
As nothing that the black man could use to earn
Burn Hollywood burn
"Now we're considering you for a part in our new production. How do you feel about playing a controversial negro?"
"Yeah, I'm wid it. You mean somebody like Huey P. Newton or H. Rap Brown, right?"
"Well, it's a servant character that chuckles a little bit, and sings."
"Yo, man, what?? That's bullshit."
"Hey Cube, Kane, Flav, listen. I hope you ain't wastin' my time. You know how I feel about givin' these movies my money, know what I'm sayin'?  I work hard for it"
"Yo, man, it's gonna be dope, man."
"Chill, man."
"Hey, I'm chill chill, but you know what I'm sayin', I just don't wanna, I can't go for this Steel Magnolia shit, know what I'm sayin'?"
"Come on, man, it's cool."
Ladies and gentlemen, today's feature presentation: Driving Miss Daisy
"No, no, no."
"Bullshit, just what I'm talkin' about, all this Terms of Endearment shit. I'm outta here, man, it's bullshit."
"Yo, check it out, man I got Black Caesar at the crib, man, y'all want to go check that out?"
"That's the idea. We could have rolled with that from the get-go!"
"Fuck Hollywood, man."Embed
In the bronx we got to go to cuchi frito
Rice and beans penim and some coquito
I eat she eat
She eat he eat
Lookout I spit
On the heat
Of these beats
So we speak
Corporate suits
Company seats
Fooled like fast food
Like artificial beef
Yall know I got
I got no beef
Listen to the words of this song
Between my teeth
Wiki leaks
Sitcom
Y'all know I can't sit calm
Yo sha mello where's vietnam
Atomic bomb
Nuked
I eat you eat
You eat I eat
But dude don't get fooled
By this fassfood
Don't mean to be rude dude
But thats what they call fassfood
This sht is for real
This ain't no fkn interlude
I eat she eat
She eat he eat
Lookout I spit
On the heat
Of these beats
Listen
Songs meant yo send you to prison
Increased market position
Short bids to influence a million kids
Headed in
States gettin it in
Lethal murder injection
In the young black produce section
What it all mean?
From mickey ds to fratista freeze
I'm barbequing birds and im eatin the bees
I'm back on track with the restaurant
House of flavor in vegas
Yo ,what you want?
I got chicken for ya
Mac and cheese
Collard greens that will knock you
Down to your knees
Dont mean to be rude dude
But thats what they call fassfood
This sht is for real
THIS AINT NO FKN INTERLUDE
Disrespect collect a broken neck
Disrespect collect a broken neck
Disrespect collect a broken neck
Its your funeral you won't get to spend your check
Rock some instrumental
Lawyers laughing at us over
A lunch bowl of lentils
They ain't gentle
Punishment is mental
Not coincidental
Charged by a large incidental
Non accidental
I eat she eat
She eat he eat
Lookout I spit
On the heat
Of these beats
You talk about switching
Attitude for this bitchin
The fassfood
In this kitchen
Fast forward
Listen
I eat she eat
She eat he eat
Lookout I spit
On the heat
Of these beats
You talk about switching
Attitude for this bitchin
The fassfood
In this kitchen
Fast forward
Listen
He went to the bathroom
Didn't even wash his hands
Hes fixing my food dude
That ain't part of the plan
Put the gloves on son
What is you doin'?
Rock some instrumental
Lawyers laughing at us over
A lunch bowl of lentils
Cause you know they ain't gentle
Punishment is mental
Not coincidental
Not minding your mf business
Now look what happened to you
Dude getting this fassfood
Offa my dental
I eat she eat
She eat he eat
Lookout i spit
On the heat
Of these beats
You talk about switching
Attitude for this bitchin
Fassfood
In this kitchen
Fast forward
Listen
So watch what you eat
Cause youre in the street
Fassfood fassfood
Can knock you off your feet
So watch what you eat
Cause youre in the street
Fassfood fassfood
Can knock you off your feet
I eat she eat
She eat he eat
Lookout I spit
On the heat
Of these beats
So we speak
Corporate suits
Company seats
But dude don't get fooled
By this fassfoodYou might also likeEmbed
"Hey!"
"This—"
"This is a journey—"
"—jour—"
"—journey, through sound"
"Would you join me, please, in welcome-in-ing—"
"Hahahaha"

I got so much trouble on my mind
Refuse to lose
Here's your ticket;
Hear the drummer get wicked
The crew to you to push the back to Black attack
So I sack and jack, then slapped the Mac
Now I'm ready to mic it
(You know I like it) huh
Hear my favoritism roll "Oh"
Never be a brother like, "Me go solo"
Laser, anesthesia, maze ya
Ways to blaze your brain and train ya
The way I'm livin', forgiven, what I'm givin' up
X on the flex, hit me now
I don't know about later
As for now, I know how to avoid the paranoid
Man, I've had it up to here
Yeah, I wear got 'em going in fear
Rhetoric said and read just a bit ago
Not quitting, though signed the hard rhymer
Work to keep from getting jerked
Checkin' some ways (Ways)
To way back in the better days
Raw metaphysically bold, never followed a code
Still dropped a load
Never question what I am, God knows, huh!
'Cause it's coming from the heart
What I got, better get some
Get on up, hustler of culture
Snake bitten, been spit in the face, huh!
But the rhymes keep fittin'
Respect's been given, how's ya livin'
Now I can't protect, a paid-off defect
Check the record and reckon an intentional wreck
Played, off as some intellect
Made the call, took the fall, broke the laws
Not my fault that they're fallin' off
Known as fair and square throughout my years
So I growl at the livin' foul
Black to the bone, my home is your home
But welcome to the Terrordome
You might also like
Come on down, get down
(Come on, you can get it, get it, get it)
Come on down, get down
(Come on, you can get it, get it, get it)
Come on down, get down
(Come on, you can get it, get it, get it)
Come on down, get down
(Come on, you can get it, get it, get it)
"Would you join me please in welcome-in-ing..."

So long now, have a good trip!
Yo, yo, who put this thing together, huh? Me!
Me, that's who!
Who I trust? Who I trust?
Me, that's who!
Yo, who you trust, man?

Subordinate terror, kickin' off an era
Cold deliverin' pain
My '98 was '87 on a record, yo
So now I go Bronco
(Oh Chuck, they out to get us, man!
Oh-oh-oh oh-oh-oh Chuck, they out to get us, man!
Yo, we gotta dust these boys off!)
Crucifixion ain't no fiction
So-called chosen frozen
Apology made to whoever pleases
Still they got me like Jesus
I rather sing, bring, think, reminisce
'Bout a brother while I'm in sync
Every brother ain't a brother 'cause a color
Just as well could be undercover
Backstabbed, grabbed a flag from the back of the lab
Told a Rab get off the rag
Sad to say, I got sold down the river
Still some quiver when I deliver
Never to say I never knew or had a clue
Word was Herb, plus hard on the boulevard
Lies, scandalizin', basin'
Traits of hate, who's celebratin' with Satan?
I rope-a-dope the evil with righteous, bobbin' and weavin'
And let the good get even
C'mon down (C'mon!)
But welcome to the Terrordome
Come on down
Ohhh (Get down)
(Come on, you can get it, get it, get it)
Come on down
Ohhh (Get down)
(Come on, you can get it, get it, get it)

Caught in the race against time, the pit and the pendulum
Check the rhythm and rhymes while I'm bending 'em
Snakes blowing up the lines of design (Would you join me please in welcome-in-ing...)
Trying to blind the science I'm sending 'em
How to fight the power, cannot run and hide
But it shouldn't be suicide
In a game, a fool without the rules
Got a hell of a nerve to just criticize
Every brother ain't a brother
'Cause a black hand squeezed on Malcolm X the man
The shooting of Huey Newton
From a hand of a Nig who pulled the trig

Come on down
Come on down
(Come on)
"Would you join me please in welcome-in-ing..."
It's weak to speak and blame somebody else
When you destroy yourself
First, nothin' worse
Than a mother's pain of a son slain in Bensonhurst
Can't wait for the state to decide the fate
So this jam I dedicate
Places with the racist faces
Example, one of many places
Greek, week-end, speech, I speak
From a lesson, learned in Virginia
I don't smile in the line of fire, I go wildin'
But it's on bass and drums, even violins
Whatcha do, getcha head ready
Instead of getting physically sweaty
When I get mad, I put it down on a pad, huh!
Give ya something that ya never had
Controllin', fear of high rollin'
God bless your soul and keep livin'
Never allowed, kickin' it loud
Droppin' a bomb, brain game, intellectual Vietnam
Move as a team, never move alone
But welcome to the Terrordome2Embed
Hello, what up? Hello?
Yo, I can't, I can't hear you
Let me call you right back

I sense someone's tappin' into my phones, why do
I got this feeling in my bones I might die soon?
The FBI might be tryin' to pull my file soon
I might be walkin' blindfold into a typhoon
I might be seein' rockets light up the night sky
Right outside the window of my living room
And if they do, then you can say good night
And bye-bye to them iTunes
If I don't try to record as much before I do
The plan is to have as many in the can as I can
As I stand before you in this booth a walking-dead man
Blank stare, dead pan, look on my face
As I gaze into space, as I wait to be scooped up in that van
As I mysteriously disappear into thin air
And they gonna say a sniper just appeared outta nowhere
And I'll go down in the history as the bloodsuckin' leech
Who hid behind the freedom of speech
Tried to take the 5th Amendment, use it, twist it and bend it
And ended up dyin' the villain, not the hero, splendid
Stupendous way to end this
I can feel the tremors tremendous
In remembrance of September 11th
Flashback to September 7th
When 2Pac was murdered in Vegas
He said it, he predicted his own death, let us never forget it
Should we ever live to regret it
Like the day John F. Kennedy was assassinated in broad day
By the crazed lunatic with a gun
Who just happened to work on the same block
In the library book depository
Where the President would go for a little Friday stroll
Shots fired from the grassy knoll
But they don't know, or do they?
Who's they for them to say "touché"?
We're all vulnerable and it's spook-ay
This is about as kook-ay as I've ever felt now
Countdown to nuclear meltdown
Seven, six, five, four, three, two, one
You can run, you can do what you want to
But you know you ain't gonna do nothin'
When it's time, it's your time, you are the prime target
You have become Public Enemy number one
You might also like
(Fading in) A
When we bout to run the A
When we bout to run the A
When we drop "Statlanta"
When we drop "Statlanta"12Embed
"The future holds nothing else but confrontation"
Clear the way for the S, the S1W's
("Kickin' like Bruce Lee, kickin' like Bruce Lee, kickin' like Bruce Lee's")
Clear the way for the S, the S1W's
("Kickin' like Bruce Lee, kickin' like Bruce, kickin' like Bruce Lee's")
Clear the way for the S, the S1W's
("Kickin' like Bruce Lee, kickin' like Bruce Lee, kickin' like Bruce Lee's")
Clear the way for the S, the S1W's
("Kickin' like Bruce Lee, kickin' like Bruce Lee, kickin' like Bruce Lee's 'Chinese Connection'")
Get back 'cause he wax the tracks, the Terminator
"Can I kick it? Can I kick it? Can I kick it?"
Get back 'cause he wax the tracks, the Terminator
("I shall not have no other one but this one")
Get back 'cause he wax the tracks, the Terminator
("Take it one step further, take it one step further")
Get back 'cause he wax the tracks, the Terminator
("Ain't gonna rain no more, no more, it ain't gonna rain no more. This is a recording, this is a recording")
It’s the Flavor, it’s the Flavor
Life saver, it’s the Flavor
It’s the Flavor, it’s the Flavor
Life saver, it’s the Flavor
It’s the Flavor, it’s the Flavor
Life saver, it’s the Flavor
It’s the Flavor, it’s the Flavor
Life saver, it’s the Flavor
("Hear ye, hear ye. And all that")
On time, get it down to pump, the Hard Rhymer
("Once again, back is the incredible")
On time, get it down to pump, the Hard Rhymer
("Once again, back is the incredible")
On time, get it down to pump, the Hard Rhymer
("Rhyme animal, the uncannable, D, Public Enemy Number One")
On time, get it down to pump, the Hard Rhymer
("Black is back, black is back")
You might also like
Clear the way for the prophets of rage
Engaging on the stage, on a track, t ell Jack stay in the back
I was born
Every level I'm on, you're warned
Just in case you forgot, I pump in kilowatts
To let 'em know which direction
To go what's up I wanna know
I test the front row
Forgiven the giving while the living is living it up
So many people are sleeping while standing up
Not dressed to impress or fess it
That's it test to the brain like FedEx
Treated one and the same beause the name of the game
Don't give 'em checks above necks
Some don't realize we're on the same side
Subdity in the city, suburbs or projects
But we're living in a different time
Some speed, some lead while some just pump rhymes
Then again we're all in the same gang
Info to flow and heal all below
Let's go and find the piece of mind that's taken
Or else the black starts breakin'
Public Enemy Number One
Public Enemy Number One
Public Enemy Number One
Public Enemy Number One
Public Enemy Number One
Public Enemy Number One
Public Enemy Number One
"One, one, one, ooh-ha!"
Public Enemy
Apocalypse '91... The Enemy Strikes Black
Hardcore will never die
"Bring that beat back, man! Bring that beat back! Bring that beat back!"Embed
Runnin' for your life, by the knife
Runnin' from your wife, yikes!
You should've stuck with home
Off your mind to blow your dome
It was you that chose your doom
You built the maze you can't get through
I tried to help you all I can
Now I can't do nuttin' for you man

I can't do nuttin' for ya man
You got all these people on your back now
I can't do nuttin' for ya man
Flavor Flav got problems of his own
I can't do nuttin' for you man
Go lean on Shell's Answer Man
I can't do nuttin' for ya man
You jumped out of the jelly into a jam

Makin' love to wrong instead of right
Not a thief cat burglar through the night
Cop told your girl her name was Shirl
About a rooftop crime to steal her pearls
Uzi down the bullets in the gun
Just microwave themselves a ton
Lord, you tried to help them all they can
But they couldn't do nuttin' for ya man
You might also like
I can't do nuttin' for ya man
They couldn't do nuttin' for you man
Yo G, listen

Flavor Flav is the sun
Public Enemy number one
Gotcha runnin' from the gun (Pow!)
Of a brain that weighs a ton
Can't face my facts that's on the shelf
Cause you want a handout for your wealth
Eatin' welfare turkey out the can
I can't do nuttin' for ya man

I can't do nuttin' for ya man
You want six dollars for what?
I can't do nuttin' for ya man
You better, man, kiss my butt
I can't do nuttin' for ya man
I'm busy tryin' to do for me!
I can't do nuttin' for ya man
That's the way the ball bounces, G

Bass for your face
Yo man
I can’t do nuttin'
Nuttin' for ya
I tried to tell ya
Rock that shit homey
Yo G, listen
I ain’t tryin to hear that
Kick that shit
You on welfare
Your mother got gold nipples
You got a rip in your couch
Wash your butt
(Kick that shit)
(laughing)3Embed
Rest in beats from Heavy D to Eazy-E
The Notorious B.I.G., we have lost so many
Still wonder in my Adidas why Jam Master Jay had to die
And Lisa Left Eye
Off top no rehearsal R.I.B.  salute
Gifted Unlimited Rhymes Universal, my man...
Still in shock at the loss of Afeni and Pac
His spirit lives on, it won't ever stop
Scott La Rock, heard a dope story about him from the Blastmaster
Out west RIB Mac Dre and The Jacka
When we die it plants new seeds
For new Big Bank Hanks
And new MC Breed's, remember?
And the Sean P's that spit that raw
J Dilla got all the beatmakers still in awe
I'm not a pimp but Pimp C forever, UGK
Rest In Beats is the way that we say
Salute!

Salute in tribute, light a candle, play a song
As the legacy continue, on and on and on (Rest In Beats!)
Salute in tribute, light a candle, play a song
As their legacies continue on and on and on (Rest In Beats!)
Salute in tribute, light a candle, play a song
As their legacies continue, on and on and on
Salute in tribute, light a candle, play a song
As their legacies continue, on and on and on
Salute in tribute, light a candle, play a song
As their legacies continue on
You might also like
Now we lost some other things
Besides just life and hip hop
We lost brick and mortar record stores
And really dope diverse tours
R.I.B. Rest In Beats
Original flavor and more
We lost the art of everyone being in the same studio
Rest In Beats
The love of the art now dipped in the dough
We lost real flows to mumbles and memes
We've seen the loss of ideas that we were kings and queens
Where are the groups? Too many going solo
We lost street teams and promo, to YouTube and Vevo
Man, I miss the time when you really had to rhyme
When lines weren't reduced to ghetto, studio and crime
For all that we lost, still the essence is preserved
Through beats, sound stages, dope energy and words
"Everybody listen to this!"

Rest In Beats!
Never cared how doves cry til I heard you die
Now I wanna forget and God knows I've tried
I wished you heaven, I hope that you heard me
We were undisputed there was no controversy
Tired of the changes that life seems to bring
Never feared for silence, the dead still sing
And we can celebrate by dancing in the streets
Your music, your legacy, Rest In Beats!
I'm sick of the scenario man I'm buggin' out
So let's go, let's get loud, let's shout
Nothing but love, yes the good die young
Forever finds a way, your songs will be sung
September now, always got me thinking of you
Remembering the hard times you helped me through
It wasn't your move, but the way you moved me
Your music, your legacy, Rest In Beats!

Apache, Baatin, Big Bank Hank
Big D The Impossible, Big DS
Big L, Big Pun, Buffy from The Fat Boys
Camu Tao, Capital STEEZ, Charizma
Chris Lighty, Cowboy, DJ Crazy Toones
DJ Screw, DJ Train, DTTX
Eazy E, Educated Rapper, Eyedea
Fat Pat, DJ Father Shaheed, Freaky Tah
Frosty Freeze, Guru, Heavy D, Hussein Fatal
The Jacka, Jam Master Jay, J Dilla
Johnny "J", KMG, Kool DJ AJ Scratch
Larry Smith, Left Eye, Lord Infamous
Mac Daddy, Chris Kelly, Mac Dre, Mark B
Master Don, Mausberg, MC Breed
MC Supreme, MC Trouble, MCA
Mike Ski, Mixmaster Spade, DJ Mr. Magic
Ms. Melodie, Nate Dogg
The Notorious B.I.G., Nujabes
Ol' Dirty Bastard
Party Arty, Paul C, Phife Dawg
Pimp C, Prince B, Prodigy, Professor X The Overseer
Proof, Pumpkinhead, Rammellzee, DJ Roc Raida
Scott La Rock, Sean Price, Shawty Lo
Special One, Stretch, Subroc, Sugar Shaft
Sylvia Robinson up at Sugar Hill
Tim Dog, Tony D, Too Poetic
Trouble T-Roy, 2Pac and Yusef Afloat
My brother DLX
Teena Marie, Lonnie Lynn, Jimmy Castor
Gil Scott-Heron, James Brown
David Bowie, Gary Shider
Prince, Isaac Hayes
Yo, rest in beats
Mrs. Anna Drayton
Mr. Lorenzo Ridenhour...
That's why you wanna...Embed

1, 2, 1, 2, Yo
Yo 1, 2
Nothing is Quick in the Desert
1, 2
Yo

Not put here to judge between the quick and the dead
I be slick with this nick of time rhyme that I said (Go!)
Digitize the present, download it in a minute
The future is now, cause there ain't no frontin' in it
Steady stayin' chained to that wagon of old ways
That last pass second, we now call the old days
Yesterday slaves, just hangin' to get hung
Oblivious to those slangin' poison with the tongue (Yo!)
Unaware that being everywhere just ain't no lie
Desert MCs those who deserve to die
Or get poor trying, bitch stop lying
Everybody sellin', but ain't nobody buyin' (Uh!)
Adrenaline rushin', like my blood be gold
Like in 1849, rhyme soul is sold
Like all good people could be cowards in the end
And the death comes quick in the desert my friend
Nothing is quick in the desert!
You might also likeIf I had to describe the way I survive
The radio, the TV, the worldwide web
Nothing is quick in the desert!Embed
5-1 not 5-0, Im'ma be 52
Bomb drop non-stop spitting on you
Never have so many been screwed by so few
Call to save y'all, so whatcha wanna do?
(Whatcha wanna do? Whatcha, whatcha wanna do?
Whatcha wanna do? Whatcha, whatcha wanna do?)
At the age I'm at now if I can't teach
I shouldn't even open my mouth to speak
Real talk raising strong down from the weak
My name is Chuck D, I got Tea Party beef
Why represent where you can't sleep?
40 aches jackass is six feet deep
Lost in the same space y'all call the streets
I walk real talk across these beats
At the age I am now If I can't teach
I shouldn't even open my mouth to speak
I bomb drop on those that be making y'all weak
24 hours a day, 7 days a week

I be the king from the streets of Hollis, Queens, New York
The only thing you get from DMC is real talk
The cow makes beef and the pig makes pork
I gotta walk this way cause it's the way I walk
From the halls in the hood to the halls of fame
I got that East coast flavor and that West coast game
I jam with jackal and Jesse James
You gotta call me the king when you say my name
I go hard for the people in the streets (real talk)
The king of the rhymes and the beats (real talk)
Adidas is the sneakers on my feet (real talk)
And it's the children in the streets we gotta reach (real talk)
You might also like
I rock on real talk the way the side walks
Whats up with the radio inside New York
Underneath them streets, man-made concrete
Is Mother Earth and God's work
This ain't new cause y'all ain't never knew
No tears, tell your peers inform your crew
Cause truth is truth no matter what I think
I take out garbage when it tends to stink
No joke, no smoke, I don't drink
Mr. Chuck D, tweet me so we can link
See I been your age, you ain't been mine
Feels like I was born a second time
This rhyme I wrote took a long ass time
Leave that wackiness way behind
At the age I am now If I can't teach
I shouldn't even open my mouth to speak
I bomb drop on those that be making y'all weak
24 hours a day, 7 days a week

I be the good crowd rocker, the best mc
I be the world's greatest rapper if you want me to be
But all that crap means nothing to me
If I can't give 'em vision and something to see
It's more powerful than your politics
All you stupid politicians can suck a thumb
Me and Chuck d, we do not run
Like my man said, a change is gonna come
So don't be stupid, don't be so dumb
There are no cuss words for y'all to beep
But I am cursing out the leaders that are still asleep
And all you wack-ass rappers, your talk is cheap
See my talk is really real cause my voice is deep
Now I used to rock rhymes with the reverend
From Run-DMC there's nothing better than
The microphone killin', head severin'
And if you're sick of whack rappin' I'm the medicine
Noise of my voice, voice of the voiceless
Against the racist, classist, homophobic, sexist
Xenophobic that sits so deep within us
Can't get help from those famous just to be famous
The powers that be separate us and hate us
When you need em, they go on hiatus
They hate us, it don't matter
They can't mistake us for somebody else
They tried to break us
No need to dumb down or even young down
Cause my standards is high
They can't understand it
Some of them can't stand it, they can't understand it
Songwriter y'all know it, more than a poet
Living life not lies, so the people can know it
At the age I am now If I can't teach
I shouldn't even open my mouth to speak
I bomb drop on those that be making y'all weak
24 hours a day, 7 days a weekEmbed
Old enough, bold enough
Man up, woman up
Think you had enough?
What you know about
Whatever you know about
Question is, uh, can you get it out?
Spoke!
Stay woke
Gun culture silenced
Stop the violence made all the brilliant silent
World ain’t gonna fix itself
World ain’t gonna change itself
Run your mouth
Don’t be dumb
But bump them gums
I know that the insecure be sure that their adversaries
End up shootin’ them guns
Dumb shit rises to the top
Ain’t got shit to say
Shut the words
Makin’ action stop
Diction avoids friction
Speak and aim
Ain’t playin’
Make it plain
Express yourself
Stand up to the game
Cause it’s stupid being afraid
Of the same egg you laid
Talk it over!
You might also like
Speak! Your mind
Speak! It’s time
Speak! Your peace (Believe me when I speak it)
Speak! Be free
Speak! Your mind
Speak! It’s time
Speak! Your peace (Believe me when I speak it)
Speak! Be free
Speak! Your mind
Speak! It’s time
Speak! Your peace (Believe me when I speak it)
Speak! Be free
Speak! Your mind
Speak! It’s time
Speak! Speak! Speak! (Believe me when I speak it)
Woaaaah!

Dumb shit
Who can’t talk
Need a gun
Cause the brain
Can’t change the terrain
Trained by a government chain
Makin’ it rain in the club
That goes without sayin’ the devil don’t want change
You old enough to shave you old enough to save
Speak easy talkin’ somethin’
Say it loud
Malcolm, Garvey, Sonia Sanchez proud
Sister Souljah, Jesse, Al, Huey
Orator heard
Hip hop got the culture
Rap is the words
Having the blind
Loving some dumb aimed and directed death
And end up callin’ it def
Feds to protect black crime from the threat of community
Keeping truth from the youth, have them shootin’ me
And at each other, sister and brother
Lockin’ the rest up in them federal ovens
What y’all know about whatever you know about
Question is can you get it out?
Talk it over
Speak! Your mind
Speak! It’s time
Speak! Your peace (Believe me when I speak it)
Speak! Be free
Speak! Your mind
Speak! It’s time
Speak! Your peace (Believe me when I speak it)
Speak! Be free
Speak! Your mind
Speak! It’s time
Speak! Your peace (Believe me when I speak it)
Speak! Be free
Speak! Your mind
Speak! It’s time
Speak! Speak! Speak! (Believe me when I speak it)
Speak!
Believe me when I speak it
Believe me when I speak it
Believe me when I speak it
Believe me when I speak it
Believe me when I speak it
Believe me when I speak itEmbed
Yo come on
You don’t even know who the hell you are
You don’t even know who the hell you are
You don’t even know who the hell you are
Who the hell you are
You don’t even know
You don’t even know who the hell you are
Who the hell you are
You don’t even know
You don’t even know who the hell you are
We did it yesterday, and we’ll do it again
Tomorrow we’ll all still be yesterday men
If you’d like to be more than yesterday boys
Then sit down and listen while they bring the noise

Huh?
They say you don’t know where you goin’
If you don’t know where you been
Say that I refuse to lose
So I’mma win
And I ain’t going to stop quit
Made it a plan for the yesterday man
From Migos to Flash, Rakim to Drake
From Linden Triangle to Livonia and Blake
Yes yes yes yes yes yes tell it
Yesterday man
You might also like
Some wanna be a spectacle …what happened?
Instead of spectacular …what happened?
Check the sally vernacular …what happened?
Now they mumblin’ back at her …what happened?
Kanye marryin’ Kim …what happened?
Bruce Jenner turned to fem …what happened?
Is rap still a black CNN? ...what happened?
Is Run and DMC still friends? ...what happened?

Huh?
They say you don’t know where you goin’
If you don’t know where you been
Say that I refuse to lose
So I’mma win
And I ain’t going to stop quit
Made it a plan for the yesterday man
From Migos to Flash, Rakim to Drake
From Linden Triangle to Livonia and Blake
Yes yes yes yes yes yes tell it
Yesterday man

Yesterday being everything I ever said
Echo of the past comin out of my head
Sayin’ new is better
So that new gets sold
They don’t want any better
They want different from old
But I ain’t buyin’ what they wanna sell now
I ain’t believin’ everything they be tellin me now
Say tomorrow is better
What today got wrong
Right now I’m the man yesterday is the song
Huh?
They say you don’t know where you goin’
If you don’t know where you been
Say that I refuse to lose
So I’mma win
And I ain’t going to stop quit
Made it a plan for the yesterday man
From Migos to Flash, Rakim to Drake
From Linden Triangle to Livonia and Blake
Yes yes yes yes yes yes tell it
Yesterday man

Brooklyn lookin’ like it’s L.A. ...what happened?
Sway movin’ out of the bay ...what happened?
Eazy singin’ Boyz N The Hood ...what happened?
Pac ridin’ shotgun with Suge ...what happened?
Common used to love her, did he leave her? ...what happened?
Now it’s no love of hip hop either ...what happened?
What the fuck OMG the pain? ...what happened?
I’mma just stay in my lane ...what happened?
Rappers all doin’ TV ...what happened?
Kids lookin’ older than me ...what happened?
3 Stacks ain’t makin’ songs? ...what happened?
Cam and Jimmy don’t get along ...what happened?
Huh?
They say you don’t know where you goin’
If you don’t know where you been
Say that I refuse to lose
So I’mma win
And I ain’t going to stop quit
Made it a plan for the yesterday man
From Migos to Flash, Rakim to Drake
From Linden Triangle to Livonia and Blake
Yes yes yes yes yes yes tell it
Yesterday manEmbed
Greatness awaits us in hell for centuries
Still able to pull good out of nothing
And every time we go there
The world witness our creative genius
The arts and science
The gods and culture
Unlimited progress for the original people
We brought civilization to the world
The fathers and mothers of it all
America would not have no flavor if it wasn’t for the black population
Come on black people, it’s our time
The great musicians we brought
Science and mathematics to the world
Stop copying
We’re the original people
It was the mathematical genius of three black women
Who put the man on the moon
From the traffic light, down to heart surgery
Experience life from the creator of life
There is no way around it
We are the people of God
Exit your mind, enter the thinking of GodYou might also likeEmbed
We start controlling the Dow Jones Industrial, and start using niggers in the world bank, and every time the president wanna raise the price of gold, he gotta call twelve of us in and six of them, then we set

Beat them all
Beat them all
Beat them all
Beat them all
Beat them all (Beat them all)
Beat them all (Beat them all)
Beat them all (Beat them all)
Beat them all

Hey dude, why you buildin’ the wall
Think you got enough balls
You ain’t got enough nerves
You ain’t got enough gall
Finger pointin’ at y’all
Tired of you pickin’ my pocket
Sucker sucker you fall
Hear me rage like a prophet
Face to face and who smack it
Hear my point so you got it
See your ass try to stop it
You ain’t never improved
Now you fuckin’ up food
We the people get sued
Is that arrogance dude
Got you comin’ off rude
You might also likeIf you can’t join ‘em
Know you gotta beat ‘em
If you can’t join ‘em
Know you gotta beat ‘em
If you can’t join ‘em
Know you gotta beat ‘em
If you can’t join ‘em
Know you gotta beat ‘em

Beat them all
Beat them all
Beat them all
Beat them all
Beat them all (Beat them all)
Beat them all (Beat them all)
Beat them all (Beat them all)
Beat them all
To the beat y’all, you don’t stop

Greatest players playin’
Greatest band in the world
Greatest rhymers be sayin’
Greatest band in the world
What the fuck is the problem
That your world ain’t solvin’
Where your planet dissolvin’
Corporations replacin’
What y’all callin’ a nation
Playin’ with population
Why the fuck you surprised
45 spreadin’ hatred
Lids over the eyes
Push you once, push you twice
When the fuck are y’all ready to fight?
If you can’t join ‘em
Know you gotta beat ‘em
If you can’t join ‘em
Know you gotta beat ‘em
If you can’t join ‘em
Know you gotta beat ‘em
If you can’t join ‘em
Know you gotta beat ‘em
If you can’t join ‘em
Know you gotta beat ‘em
And hear the beat go

Get the fuck outta here
It’s weird engineers
Got millennials
Got ‘em got ‘em livin’ in fear
Strippin’ robbin’ their years
Peers, digital tears
Drippin’ into their beers

Beat them all (Beat them all)
Beat them all (Beat them all)
Beat them all (Beat them all)
Beat them all (Beat them all)Embed
Hooooo!
Come on!

Haters gonna hate
Fakers gonna fake
Breakers gonna break
Neophytes gonna make mistakes
Sleepers gotta wake
I’ma say it again
I’ma say it loud
Gimme a group
Not one man
To smash the crowd
We get panoramic
Across the stage
Like a whole planet dammit
One man or one woman
Can’t understand
The group plan
Making of the band
Gimme some bass and guitar and some drums
(God-God-Goddamn!)
I get bored from R&B keyboards
Unless they cut like a sword
I bet on DJ Lord
On two turntables
Do I say willin’ and able
A lotta Serato
Revolving from old record labels
Party’s over, oops outta time
Smashin’ this crowd was designed
(Everybody now)
You might also like
Somebody say hooooo!
Smash the crowd!
Somebody say
Smash the crowd!
Give it to the man, he know how to rock the crowd

Ice with the enemy
Iceberg’s the enemy
Smashers of this mosh pit
Hardcore rap shit
Black mask shit
Pop off get your ass kicked
Or worse, a casket
S1s who blast it
I’m not happy with this soft hippy cotton candy
Bang the crowd hard or get the fuck out my yard
I crash crowds from all angles
Destroy bars like Hell’s Angels

Bleed the needle from the left
Bleed it to the right
These vocals gone electric
Loudness for these masses
Keep the catalog from fallin’ apart
Reach teaching new tunes from them old masters
(Uh!)
Excuse me?
(Dynamite soul!)
Greatest players playin’
Greatest band in the world
Greatest rhymers be sayin’
Greatest band in the world
But what the fuck is the problem that this world ain’t solvin’
It’s the get rich scheme
And chasing the fake dream
I spit like a black tech 9 with infrared beam
Been feedin’ hip hop fiends since a teen
My mic still blow steam
I’m a mix between
Doc Strange and David Blaine
Spittin’ blue flames
Slow Flow smashin’ the crowd
Like I smashed Jane
Fear of a black planet
Time to pop the chain
Cause hip hop got them goin’ insane

Somebody say hooooo!
Smash the crowd!
Somebody say
Smash the crowd!Embed
Know you gotta beat em
If you can’t join em
Know you gotta beat em
If you can’t join em
Know you gotta beat em
If you can’t join em
Know you gotta beat em
If you can’t join em
Know you gotta beat em
If you can’t join em
Know you gotta beat em
If you can’t join em
Know you gotta beat em
If you can’t join em
Know you gotta beat em
If you can’t join em
Know you gotta beat em
You might also likeIf you can’t join em
Know you gotta beat em
Oh!
Now this is how the beat gonna go
Ho, yeah!
Ho ho, yeah!
Ho, yeah!
Ho ho, yeah!
Oh!
Y’all came to do that, we came to do thisEmbed

It got the summer written all over it
It is time, time for it to happen
What the fuck is it? (Get it!)
Some still can’t deal with it
Kill fast until they kill it
DJ Lord, Public Enemy, they be killin’ it
Still don’t get it confused
Shit I be killin’ it dude
Elevated
It ain’t the shoes
It is what it is
So be it
Ain’t just pointin’ to my fitted
It’s what’s inside it (Get it, get it, get it)
It’s happenin’
It’s got feeling, it’s got groove
Power to the people
It’s got nothing to lose
You can bob it, weave it
Some love it some leave it
Knowledge is power but
Some keep it a secret
Some really need it
Some say it from the rooftops
It’s doorstops and stoops
Till it’s livin’ and breathin’
You might also likeYo
Yo one two
So bet it and let it be

Y’all know it
So be it
Then be it so
So it be
Revolution
Then let it be known
C-H-A-N-G-E-I-T
So be it and let it be
Y’all know it
So be it
Then be it so
So it be
Revolution
Then let it be known
C-H-A-N-G-E-I-T
So be it and let it be

It can be whatever you believe in
It can’t stop, won’t stop
Not a one size fit
Whatever you want in the world
Start by being it
I’ll never star it, spangle it, banner it
Some voted it
It is what it is
Hope got choked out didn’t it (Get it!)
Press secretaries in suits that just don’t fit
Chuck I got it, can’t stop it
Or cock block it
Ignore these false prophets
Blinded by fake profit
It is a damn shame
It is the same game
It is too late to complain
Can’t stand it (Get it!)
Loud and proud, too strong to ignore it
Either you against it, huh yeah, or you for it
Lie for it, die for it, do your damn best
At the test, come on uh, yeah try for it
Political landscape morbid
Seen my ancestors forbid it
Jahi and Marcus wrote it
(Wooo-eee!)

Y’all know it
So be it
Then be it so
So it be
Revolution
Then let it be known
C-H-A-N-G-E-I-T
So be it and let it be
Y’all know it
So be it
Then be it so
So it be
Revolution
Then let it be known
C-H-A-N-G-E-I-T
So be it and let it be

But you can quote it if I spoke it
I spray words on the target
Hold my pen the same way they hold an AK
Cause you can still lose your life for it
Some belief in me is all that I need
I know it, so be it, it be so, so it be
I never ask for it, that’s just me being me
State of the free it
As I see it through world eyes
Not on the demise
Global people on the rise
Don’t sit!
You pick up the pieces I’ll bring the glue
So be it for me, so you can be you
You pick up the pieces I’ll bring the glue
So be it for me, so you can be you
You pick up the pieces I’ll bring the glue
So be it for me, so you can be you
One two
One two
So be it and let it be

Y’all know it
So be it
Then be it so
So it be
Revolution
Then let it be known (Come on!)
C-H-A-N-G-E-I-T
So be it and let it be
Y’all know it
So be it
Then be it so
So it be
Revolution
Then let it be known
C-H-A-N-G-E-I-T
So be it and let it be

Get up, it’s the moment they fear
Can’t stop won’t stop
Be the change you wanna be
Be the change you wanna see
Get up, it’s the moment they fear
Get up, it’s the moment they fear
C-H-A-N-G-E-I-T
So be it and let it beEmbed
Digital brain drain hits yo subclavian main vein
For the quick fix
Gotta get rich scheme
That got you insane
Memes hit the track, less than you check facts claim
Emojis that accentuate the lies in your mainframe
Let these bars reflect it, the self disrespected
These Twidiots with one-hundred forty characters disconnected
Complex urls and figures that can’t spell check it
Talk to text, non verbal skills auto correct this

I ain’t talkin’ crack babies lost in the 1980’s
Millennial grandkids who these gadgets made lazy
People caught up in the triangle of their lies
All comin’ out in the wash, will he survive?
Triangle Twitter, Facebook, Tumblr
Yeah, raised on music and the style that you hear
Instagram, LinkedIn, Snapback, uh yeah, get back
It’s high school all over again, so I clap back

Sick, twisted, narcissistic, hubristic
Interjecting your venom while playin’ evangelistic
Models and mystics livin’ unrealistic
Selfies and disconnection equating to mental sickness
Disjointed ramblings and musings you on some bitch shit
Unwanted mentions, opinions, why would you risk it?
You have no discipline so you cannot resist it
You ending up on that hit list cause karma, she never missed it
You might also like
Damn! SOC MED
Shakin’ my damn head
Shakin’ my damn head
Damn dumb motherfucker on a smartass phone
Damn! SOC MED
Shakin’ my damn head
Shakin’ my damn head
Shakin’ my damn head

The pain of break ups
Hood fights and make ups
The check up from the neck up
But y’all won’t wake up
IPs that drive by
Reality shows a damn lie
This digital heroin is keepin’ you high
You need to fact check the fuckery
Cyber sex and sorcery
Chicks bustin’ it open with screwed up priorities
That shits disorderly hmm you just ignorin’ me
See cause y’all done pledged to this shit like a sorority

Idle chatter and lipstick
Materialistic and postings
For you wanna be rich cliques
With value in the wrong shit
A drop squad at your door
For all you demons in the gossip for likes clique
You powerless, no independent thought so you drifted
Hypnotic rhythm, strangers opinions got you addicted
These habits of ignorance breeds cognitive dissonance
Social media digital heroin and remember it
Damn! SOC MED
Shakin’ my damn head
Shakin’ my damn head
Damn dumb motherfucker on a smartass phone
Damn! SOC MED
Shakin’ my damn head
Shakin’ my damn head
Shakin’ my damn head

Tumblin’ down to sleep
Take it to the bed
Strategically hip
Connected to the head
Easy check off
Check in with the feds
Lost in the avatar
Lookin’ for street cred
Followin’ hollow heads and the trends they tread
Sympathetic to the synthetic
Shakin’ my damn head
Lost in the SOC MED
Report to the feds
Till that phone be dead
And the needle in the red
139 characters plus 1 I said
Shakin’ my damn head
And what the internet said
Damn! SOC MED
Shakin’ my damn head
Shakin’ my damn head
Damn!

There have been terrorist attacks that no one knows aboutEmbed
Put down on that list
They bombin that list
Ballin that fist
Raisin that fist
Like that like that
Like this like this
Scratchin that shit
Terrorwrist pissed
Among and amidst
Avoidin’ that trick
Lost in the abyss
Search and got frisked
EDM and got dissed
Track got flipped
Lord on the mix
Ass got kicked
Doctor doctor
This shit is sick
This shit is sick
Doctor doctor
Ass got kicked
Lord on the mix
Track got flipped
EDM and got dissed
Search and got frisked
Lost in the abyss
Avoidin’ that trick
Among and amidst
Terrorwrist pissed
Scratchin that shit
Like that like that
Like this like this
Raisin that fist
Ballin that fist
They bombin that list
Put down on that list
Terrorwrist
Terrorwrist
Terrorwrist
Terrorwrist
You might also like
How can I make you understand
How can I make you understand
How can I make you understand
I get ill on the posse with my goddamn hands
Indefinite patterns
One
An unknown trajectory
Two
Indefinite patterns
Three
Insufficient dock
Constantly changing
The evidence we have gathered all points to a collection of loosely affiliated terrorist organizationsEmbed

Can’t sing a song to save your life
But can you sing a song to save a life
Can a song save the world in this time of 45
45 beyond askin’
Can hip hop survive?
Over a million rappers spittin’ now
What we the people be gettin’
Forgettin’ armaggedon
Look out love is the message you can bet on
Can culture save humanity when the name of the game
Is narcissism, yo how can musicians get paid?
Curator, caretaker, this creator
Servicing purpose to other creators
Rhymers and beat makers
Blessed by the internet
So I’mma start this war of art
Before they rip this world apart
Toxic

Toxic, see em
Sell it and box it
Savage, they
Say we can’t stop it
Flav, PE, rock it
Antetokounmpo
No, Mutombo I blocks it
You might also likeToxic, see em
Sell it and box it
Savage, they
Say we can’t stop it
Flav, PE, rock it
Antetokounmpo
No, Mutombo I blocks it

Looks like 45 done lied again
Grabbin’ planets, territories
Not to mention women
Those who voted this POTUS
Killin’ kin for the win
Citizens sufferin’
While he be ballin’
If a mule die, they used to say
Buy another one
If a nigga die, they used to say
Try another one
Fifty years we were broke, not broken
Take me to your leader
Even aliens spoke it
Every treaty signed
Their fuckery broke it
Wonder why only a few of us
Thrive as their tokens
Toke this toke that
No joke cause I wrote it
The only thing I hit is the stage, and I smoke it
Yo that
That shit sounded good on the record, what you just did, ahah

Toxic, see em
Sell it and box it
Savage, they
Say we can’t stop it
Flav, PE, rock it
Antetokounmpo
No, Mutombo I blocks it
Toxic, see em
Sell it and box it
Savage, they
Say we can’t stop it
Flav, PE, rock it
Antetokounmpo
No, Mutombo I blocks it

Hindsight 57
So I’m stayin’ in my lane
As the young think in hell
And the old prey to pain
This shit is classic like the resurgence
Of the dope on plastic
Vinyl bats backin’ the tracks
The millennium’s drastic
Synthetic bullshit smokin’ up the hood
Bear witness cause y’all know the government’s up to no good
You can’t drift away from the problems of today
If you’re grown 21 and over, tell me where the hell you goin’
Suicidal with an open Bible
Lockdown friendly fire
Or HBO, Home Boys Only, I really never really dug the Wire
They do no hirin’
He keep on firin’
We keep dyin’
The aftermath
Do the math
Toxic!Embed
Yeah yeah yeah yeah boy

I’m not the old head who be sideline booing
What my generation call mumble gum chewing
Listen to it closer as you get near it
Smells and sells like teens hear it

You smell like a mud duck who lived out all his luck
Bugged out now you’re stuck slipping like a hockey puck
Perpetrating emcee that’s the way it goes
I been rapping on the mic
Since you were shittin’ in your clothes
Trying get so fast but you ain’t slick
Step back give me room
And kiss my…
I’m gonna tell you once
Ain’t gonna tell you again
Don’t never in life try to do this again
I’m still the boss, gimme a high five
Gimme the mic live king cold live
Flav don’t live on that tip G
But don’t get sleep on me
I get it!
Can’t nobody do it like me boy…
You might also like
I’m not the old head who be sideline booing
What my generation call mumble gum chewing
Listen to it closer as you get near it
Smells and sells like teens hear it
I’m not the old head who be sideline booing
What my generation call mumble gum chewing
Listen to it closer as you get near it
Smells and sells like teens hear it

Used to be a joke, big butt and a smile
Screw being broke, substance over style
Try to walk a mile in these old school shoes
Many don’t like to walk, old and young, do you?
Crazy when you see it, skateboard guarantee it
A whole lotta love goin’ on if you wanna believe it
Millennial hear baby boomers fearing it
Sells like teenagers hearin’ it

I’m not the old head who be sideline booing
What my generation call mumble gum chewing
Listen to it closer as you get near it
Smells and sells like teens hear it
I’m not the old head who be sideline booing
What my generation call mumble gum chewing
Listen to it closer as you get near it
Smells and sells like teens hear it
80's 90’s real hip hop generation
Classified as art of inducing violence
Media and visions have limitations
Gotta hear out the streets anticipation
What you hear what you get
New souls just hear it how industry sells it
Teens became a target
Dreams for red carpet
Lies but believe it
Take it or leave it

I’m not the old head who be sideline booing
What my generation call mumble gum chewing
Listen to it closer as you get near it
Smells and sells like teens hear it
I’m not the old head who be sideline booing
What my generation call mumble gum chewing
Listen to it closer as you get near it
Smells and sells like teens hear it
You already knowEmbed
Ayy, whatcha gonna do, huh?

(What what) What what
Let flavor rip it up
And if your ready to rock this party tonight
Somebody say what what
What what
Let flavor rip it up
And if you step too close to the microphone
Your bitch ass might get caught

When Flav starts to get busy
Grabbin' the mic and they say, "Who is he?"
Cock diesel breakdown like Bill Bixby
When I think, yo I think in 360
Gimme the mic an I'ma solve all mystery
I dare any punk to try to step up and diss me
Cause when he do, that's when he kiss thee
Titles go by and my style is fly
One more time I came here to rhyme
Gimme the mic and I'ma go for mine
So emcees, alla y'all shut up
When Flavor's in the house we say
You might also like
What what
Let flavor rip it up
And if your ready to rock this party tonight
Somebody say what what
What what
Let flavor blow it up
And if you step too close to the microphone
Your bitch ass might get caught

Now when I do my Flavor dance
All the ladies go crazy in a trance
Non-stop boy, from the clock on my watch
I can bring it from the bottom and take it to the top
Let me rock, come on let me get with it
When I tell you what to get, don't get offended
Gimme the mic and I'ma bend it
Transmissions from the sky, yo I'll send it
Times on my hands, yo sometimes I lend it
Though I'm spendin' it for a fact
I'll make you say "What what" cause Flavor's back

What what
Let flavor rip it up
And if your ready to rock this party tonight
Somebody say what what
What what
Let flavor blow it up
And if you step too close to the microphone
Your bitch ass might get caught
Now everybody listen to Flav
If you don't listen to me, you'll end up in your grave
Most of these people's rhymes is whack
But I got a bunch of rhymes in my knapsack
Walk on my back with the black hat
Got the rhymes to come on the attack
Can't you tell that I'm really good lookin'
They know me from Miami, California, back to Brooklyn
Even in Spain they knew Flavor's name
In Japan they know I'm nice in the game
We maintain yo brothers feel the vibe
We did the first album and it came out fly
And don't ask why, you won't understand
Styles we got millions of fans
So come on get down like this what's up
When Flavor grab the mic, I rip your butt

What what
Let flavor rip it up
And if your ready to rock this party tonight
Somebody say what what
What what
Let flavor blow it up
And if you step too close to the microphone
Your bitch ass might get caughtEmbed
Too black, too strong
Too black, too strong
Yo, Chuck, these honey drippers are still frontin' on us
Show 'em that we can do this
'cause we always knew this
Haha, yeah, boy!

Bass! How low can you go?
Death row? What a brother know
Once again, back is the incredible
Rhyme animal, the uncannable
D! Public Enemy Number One
Five-O said, "Freeze!"—and I got numb
Can I tell 'em that I really never had a gun?
But it's the wax that the Terminator X spun
Now they got me in a cell 'cause my records, they sell
'Cause a brother like me said, "Well
Farrakhan's a prophet, and I think you oughta listen to
What he can say to you, what you oughta do is
Follow for now," power, the people say
"Make a miracle, D, pump the lyrical"
Black is back, all in, we're gonna win
Check it out, yeah, yo, come on, here we go again
You might also like
Turn it up!
Bring the noise!
Say, turn it up
Ayo, Chuck
They sayin' we too Black, man (Bring the noise!)
Yo, I don't understand what they sayin', but little do they know
They can get a smack for that, man
Never badder than bad 'cause the brother is madder than mad
At the fact it's corrupt like a senator
Soul on a roll, but you treat it like soap on a rope
'Cause the beats and the lines are so dope
Listen for lessons I'm sayin' inside music that the critics are all blastin' me for
They'll never care for the brothers and sisters, why? 'Cause the country has us up for the war
We got to get 'em straight, come on now
They're gonna have to wait 'til we get it right
Radio stations, I question their Blackness
They call themselves Black, but we'll see if they'll play this

Turn it up!
Bring the noise!
Say, turn it up
Ayo, Chuck, they illin'
We chillin' (Bring the noise!)
Yo, P.E. in the house, top billin'
But, yo, Chuck, show 'em what you can do, boy
Get from in front of me, the crowd runs to me
My DJ is warm, he's X, I call him Norm, ya know
He can cut a record from side to side
So what, the ride, the glide should be much safer than a suicide
Soul control, beat is the father of your rock'n'roll
Music for whatcha, for whichin', you call a band, man
Making a music, abuse it, but you can't do it, ya know
You call 'em demos, (but we ride limos, too)
Whatcha gonna do? Rap is not afraid of you
Beat is for Sonny Bono, (Beat is for Yoko Ono)
Run-DMC first said a DJ could be a band
Stand on its own feet, get you out your seat
Beat is for Eric B. and LL as well, hell
Wax is for Anthrax, still it can rock bells
Ever forever, universal, it will sell
Time for me to exit, Terminator X-it

Turn it up! Bring the noise!

Yo, they should know by now that they can't stop this bum rush
Word up, better keep tellin' me to turn it down
But yo, Flavor Flav ain't going out like that
Come on!
Come on!
Come on now!
Come on!

From coast to coast, so you stop being like a comatose
"Stand, my man? The beat's the same with a boast toast"
Rock with some pizzazz, it will last. Why you ask?
Roll with the rock stars, still never get accepted as
We got to plead the Fifth, you can investigate
Don't need to wait, get the record straight
Hey, posse in effect, got Flavor, Terminator
X to sign checks, play to get paid
We got to check it out down on the avenue
A magazine or two is dissing me and dissing you
Yeah, I'm tellin' you

Hey yo, Griff, get thirty S1W, we got to handle this
We ain't goin' out like that
Yo, man, straight up on the Columbo tip
We can do this, like Brutus
'Cause we always knew this
You know what I'm sayin'
There's just one thing that puzzles me, my brother
What's wrong with all these people around here, man?
Is they clocking? Is they rocking? Is they shocking?...5Embed
Hammersmith Odeon, are you ready for the Def Jam Tour?
Let me hear you make some noise!
In concert for BBC Television tonight and a fresh start to the week
Let me hear you make some noise for Public Enemy!

Peace! Armageddon, it been in effect, go get a late pass. Step!
This time around, the revolution will not be televised. Step!
London, England, consider yourselves warned!
Alright, let's make some fuckin' noise!
C'mon, let's crank this shit up and get busy!You might also likeEmbed

"Alcohol beverage companies have aimed an inordinate amount of advertising at Blacks; billboards in inner cities, ads in hip-hop magazines, lots of ads on television..."

Dope fiend man gotta make that change

One million bottle bags, count 'em (Count 'em)
Think they can bounce the ounce and it get 'em
Blacks spend two-hundred eighty-eight million, sittin' there waitin' for the fizz
And don't know what the hell it is
Oh, let me tell you 'bout Shorty
He about seventeen, lookin' like forty
Treats his Forty dog better than his G when he gets a big B-O-T-T-L-E
Oh, he loves the liquor
But look, watch Shorty get sicker year after year
While he's thinkin' it's beer
But it's not, he got it in his gut
(Yo G, what's up!)
Now, he's hostile to a brother lookin' out
But I ain't mad, I know what he's about
He's just a slave to the bottle and the can
Cause that's his man, the malt liquor man
You might also like
One million bottle bags (Where's my bottle?)
One mi-one million bottle bags, what the hell is they drinkin'?!
One million bottle bags (Just give me my bottle)
One mi-one million bottle bags, what the hell is they drinkin'?!
One million bottle bags (What's up with my bottle?)
One mi-one million bottle bags, what the hell is they drinkin'?!
One million bottle bags (I need my bottle!)
One mi-one million bottle bags, what the hell is they drinkin'?!

Yo, why don't you put that bottle down, G?
Yo man, on that bottle people stoppin'?
Cool, but I ain't puttin' my beat down fo' nobody!
And away goes the brother down the drain

One million bags count 'em all
Other man gets happy, watch the fellas drink eight ball
Don't know a damn thing, but his breath stinkin'
When I ask a question, "Yo brother, what the hell is you drinkin'?"
He don't know, but it flow out the bottle in a cup
He call it gettin' ****** **, like we ain't ****** ** already
See the man they call Crazy Eddie
Liquor man with the bottle in his hand
He give the liquor man ten to begin with no change
And he run to get his brains rearranged
Serve it to the homies and they're able to do without a table
Beside what's inside ain't on the label
They drink it, thinkin' it's good
But they don't sell that **** in the white neighborhood
Exposin' the plan, they get mad at me, I understand
They're slaves to the liquor man
One million bottle bags (Where's my bottle?)
One mi-one million bottle bags, what the hell is they drinkin'?!
One million bottle bags (Yo, there's something in my bottle)
One mi-one million bottle bags, what the hell is they drinkin'?!
One million bottle bags (Yo, I need my bottle!)
One mi-one million bottle bags, what the hell is they drinkin'?!
One million bottle bags (Somebody could find my bottle?)
One mi-one million bottle bags, what the hell is they drinkin'?!

"Now all they doing is pickin' up, get drunk, get on your car and get on the highway, and kill somebody!"

Yo man, why don't you at least read the label first, man?
Yo man, what do I look like to you, some bookworm?
Ay yo, I'm only trying to look out for you, G
You wanna look out for me? Buy me another bottle
Ha ha ha

Back to my homeboy Shorty
He can drink it down and think nothin' about it
Pass it around and get the Forty dog buzz
At the same time, Shorty can't remember what day it was
Say, what I'm yellin' is fact
Genocide kickin' in yo back
How many times have you seen a Black fight a Black
After drinkin' down a bottle or a malt liquor six-pack?
Yo man, give me my bottle man, I ain't got time for this, man!
Yo man, look! Listen, give me my bottle, man!
You can go here in the round, son!

Malt liquor bull, what it is is bull***
Colt 45, another gun to the brain
Who's sellin' us pain in the hood another up to no good
Plan that's designed by the other man
But who drink it like water
On and on until the stores reorder it
Brothers cryin' broke, but they still affordin' it
Sippin' it, lickin' it in and drinkin' it down, oh no!
Drinkin' poison, but they don't know
It used to be wine, a dollar and a dime
Same man, drinkin' in another time
They could be hard as hell and don't give a damn
But still be a sucker to the liquor man

Look at you, look at you now! What I tell you 'bout this, huh? Look at you
"Yo man, I ain't tryna hear that, man! Where's the bottle?"
Come on, why don't you clean yourself up, man?
"Yo man, I'm like real psyched now! Where's the bottle?"
Come on, you're ragged, the roof's messed up, too!
"Where's the bottle?"
Come on, please? Get it right, G! Get it right, man!
"Oh-kay..."

"Brief words from our sponsors"
"Tonight"
"Brown"
"So this is a very deliberate, pernicious attempt for the sake of profit and greed to already further damaged people, who, in fact are suffering disproportionately from diseases that... In association with alcohol and other drugs"
"They're animals anyway, so let them lose their souls"Embed
This is Sister Souljah. Public Enemy, Security of the First World, and all allied forces are traveling west to head off a white supremacy scheming to destroy the national celebration of Martin Luther King's birthday. Public Enemy believes that the powers that be in the states of New Hampshire and Arizona have found psychological discomfort in paying tribute to a black man who tried to teach white people the meaning of civilization. Good luck brothers, show 'em what you got

I'm countin' down to the day deservin', fittin' for a king
I'm waitin' for the time when I can get to Arizona
'Cause my money is spent for the goddamn rent
Neither party is mine, not the jackass or the elephant
Twenty thousand niggy-niggy brothers in the corner
Of the cell block, but they come from California
Population is none in the desert and sun
With a gun cracker runnin' things under his thumb
Starin' hard at the postcards, isn't it odd and unique
Seein' people smile wild in the heat?
A hundred-twenty degree, 'cause I want to be free
What's a smilin' face when the whole state's racist?
Why I want a holiday? Damn it, 'cause I wanna
So what if I celebrate it standin' on a corner?
I ain't drinkin' no forty, thinkin' time with a nine
'Til we get some land, call me the trigger man
Lookin' for the governor, huh? He ain't lovin' ya, ha?
But here to trouble ya, he's rubbin' ya wrong
Get the point and come along, he can get to the joint
I urinated on the state while I was kickin' this song
Yeah, he appear to be fair
The sucker over there, he try to keep it yesteryear
The good ol' days, the same ol' ways that kept us dyin'
Yes - you, me, myself, and I, indeed
What he need is a nosebleed
Read between the lines, and then you see the lie
Politically planned, but understand, that's all she wrote
When we see the real side that hide behind the vote
And they can't understand why he the man, I'm singin' about a king
They don't like it when I decide to mic it
Wait, I'm waitin' for the date
For the man, who demands respect 'cause he was great, c’mon
I'm on a one mission to get a politician to honor
Or he's a goner by the time I get to Arizona
You might also like
Well, I got 25 days to do it
If a wall in the way, just watch me go through it
'Cause I gotta do what I gotta do
PE number one, gets the job done
When it's done and over, was because I drove 'er
Through all the static, not stick but automatic
That's the way it is, he gotta get his, talkin' MLK
Gonna find a way
Make the state pay, I'm lookin' for the day
Hard as it seems, this ain't no damn dream
Gotta know what I mean, it's team against team
Catch the light beam

So I pray, I pray every day, I do and praise Jah the maker
Lookin' for culture I got, but not here from Jamaica
Pushin' and shakin' the structure, bringin' down the Babylon
Hearin' the sucker that make it hard for the Brown
The hard boulevard, I need it now more than ever now
Who's sittin' on my freedom, oppressor, people beater
A piece of the pick, we picked a piece of land that we're deserving now
Reparation, a piece of the nation, and damn, he got the nerve
Another nigga they say and classify we want too much
My people plus the whole nine is mine, don't think I even double dutch
Here's a brother, my attitude is hit 'em, hang 'em high
I'm blowing up the 90's, started tickin' in '86
When the blind get a mind, better start fearin' while we sing it now
There will be the day we know who's down and who will go
Go, go, go
By the time I get to Arizona
By the time I get to Arizona
By the time I get to Arizona
By the time I get to Arizona6Embed
(Confusion)
Here come the drums
Alright, alright, yeah, yeah
Alright, alright
Here come the drums
Alright, alright, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Alright, alright

Bass in your face, not an eight track
Gettin' it good to the wood
So the people give you some of that reactin' to the facts
That I kick and it stick and it stay around
Pointin' to the joint, put the Buddha down
Goin, goin, deep to the roots
Ain't givin' it up, so turn me loose
But then again I got a story that's harder than the hardcore
Cost of the holocaust, I'm talkin' 'bout the one still goin' on
I know where I'm from, not dum diddie dum
From the base motherland, the place of the drum
Invaded by the wack diddie wack
And fooled the black, and left us faded
King and chief, probably had a big beef
Because of that now I grit my teeth
So here's a song to the strong
'Bout the shake of the snake and the smile went along
With that, can't truss it
You might also like
You can't truss it
Let them know
You can't truss it
Yo, let them know
You can't truss it
Let them know

Kickin' wicked rhymes like a fortune teller
Cause the wickedness done by Jack
Where everybody at divided and sold
For liquor and the gold
Smacked in the back for the other man to mack

What?
Wicked man, wicked man
Get back, step back, kick it man

Now the story that I'm kickin' is gory
Little Rock where they be dockin' this boat
No hope, I'm shackled, oh plus, gang tackled
By the other hand swingin' the rope "god damn"
Wearin' red, white and blue, Jack and his crew
The guy's authorized beat down for the brown
Man to the man, each one, so I teach one
Born to terrorize sisters and every brother
One love who said it, I know Whodini sang it
But the hater taught hate that's why we gang bang it
Beware of the hand when it's comin' from the left
I ain't trippin, just watch your step
Can't truss it
Can't truss it
Yo, let them know
Can't truss it
Yo, let them know
Can't truss it
Yo, let them know
Can't truss it, can't truss it
Can't truss it, can't truss it
Can't truss it, can't truss it

And I'll judge everyone, one by the one
Look here comes the judge, watch it here he come now
(Don't sentence me judge, I ain't did nothin' to nobody)
I can only guess what's happenin'
Years ago he woulda been the ship's captain
Gettin' me bruised on a cruise, what I got to lose
Lost all contact, got me layin' on my back
Ugh, rollin' in my own leftover
When I roll over, I roll over in somebody else
90 damn days on a slave ship
Count them fallin' off 1, 2, 3, 4 hundred at a time
Blood in the wood and it's mine
I'm chokin' on, spit, feelin' pain
Like my brain bein' chained
Still gotta give it what I got
But it's hot in the day, it's cold in the night
But I thrive to survive, I pray to god to stay alive
My attitude boils up inside
And that ain't it, you think I ever quit
Still I plan to get my hands around the neck of the man with the whip
3 months passed, they brand a label on my ass
To signify I'm owned, I'm on the microphone
Sayin' 1555, how I'm livin'
We been livin' here, livin' ain't the word, I been givin'
Haven't got, classify us in the have-nots
Fightin' haves cause it's all about money "damn"
When it comes to Armageddon mean I'm getting mine
Here I am turn it over Sam
427 to the year, do you understand
That's why it's hard for the black to love the land
Once again, bass in your face, not an eight track
Gettin' it good to the wood
So the people give you some of that reactin' to the facts
That I kick and it stick and it stay around
Pointin' to the joint, put the Buddha down
Goin, goin, gettin' to the roots
Ain't givin' it up, so turn me loose
But then again I got a story that's harder than the hardcore
Cost of the holocaust, I'm talkin' 'bout the one still goin' on
I know where I'm from, not dum diddie dum
From the base motherland, the place of the drum
Invaded by the wack diddie wack
And fooled the black, and left us faded
King and chief, probably had a big beef
Because of that now I grit my teeth
So here's a song to the strong
Bout the shake of the snake and the smile went along
With that, can't truss it

Can't truss it, can't truss it
You can't truss it, you can't truss it
You can't truss it, you can't truss it
You can't truss it, you can't truss it
You can't truss it, you can't truss it

Watch him, here he comes now
Watch him, here he comes now3Embed
Yo, this is a different neighborhood (Yeah)
You know what I'm sayin'? Word up man
Yeah, rockin' on boomin' ****
They, they got no cussin' version for nobody, man
Rockin' on boomin' ****
Ya goddamn right

I was wheelin' with the boom in the back
The treble was level, I like it like that (Yeah!)
I was rolly-roll-a-roll rollin'
A Five-O looked and said, "Hold it!"
And I stopped still, I never got ill
Cus my license was clean and I showed it
A peace pow-wow Instead of pow-pow
I'm straight up and I'm straight, how you like me now?
A brother know how you do, you're straight from Babylon (Yeah!)
A brother know how you do, you're straight from Babylon
They said turn it down, this is a new law
You never seen us before, but we're raw like a war
They warned me once, they warned me twice
So I knew I was warned, they had it goin' on
I got the **** outta dodge with my Bronco
Sixty miles an hour, one mile to go
And I be pumpin' the sound, drownin' out the cars
Which tape should I rock, LL's or ours?
I'm in the streets of New York (Go away!)
I pop in my Kool G Rap and Polo tape
They was at it again, sirens in the air
(Aw, ****) So I'm outta here (Yeah!)
But the blue in the front called the blue in the back
They cut me off, stopped me dead in the tracks
But this is minimal, I'm not a criminal
Always did what I did because I'm not a kid (Yeah!)
And I looked around, they stared me down, told me what I did
I ain't with it
Cause word around town was a stickup, yeah, yeah, yeah (Yeah!)
B-boy ***** in a pickup
But I was jeepin' and creepin', just a kissin' it down, sound
Here we go, the run around
Blamin' me for my hardcore roar
But they the one with the forty-four
I'm just coolin', I know the beat is rulin'
Too loud for the crowd, the bass is large, yeah
So I'll get the **** outta dodge
That's right y'all, El Commando
El Commando, you're in demand-o
You might also like
Sgt. Hawkes and I'm down with the cop scene
I'm a rookie and I'm rollin' with a SWAT team
Packin' a nine, can't wait to use it
Crooked cops, yeah that's my music
Up against the wall don't gimme no lip son
A bank is robbed and you fit the description
Now I ain't your mama and I ain't your pops
Keep your music down or you might get shot
This is a warnin', so watch your tail
Or I'm a have to put your *** in jail
I'm the police and I'm in charge
You don't like it, get the **** outta dodgeEmbed
I didn't die right!
I didn't die right!

This is Harry Allen, hip-hop activist and media assassin, with Flavor Flav. What's the flavor, Flavor?

Yo yo yo gee, guess what happened
To the burned up hand that was clappin'
Too good to be true
Getting all the guys turn to get in doo-doo
Took it all for granted
Then life start turn to slanted
Having everything to having nothing
Now this turkey ain't got no stuffing
On the couch ill puffing
To get you buffin', it's you they got cuffin
Your family they did not believe me
Till they heard it for themselves on TV
I called the crib, the clock said seven
More news at 11
(Yo, Harry!)

More news at 11
You might also like
I was watching the TV screen
Can't believe what I seen
Three guys tried to rob a store
Got more than what they bargained for
They shot them right before my eyes
All three just dropped like flies
If they only thought before they did it
Neither one of those three would have been with it
As they fell to the floor and got rougher
Now the family has got to suffer
Pallbearers got to carry them
While the family cry loud just to bury them
Newscast and people were heavily amazed
Flavor Flav just stared in a daze
Eyewitness News - channel seven
More news at 11

This is Harry Allen hip hop activist and media assassin
With my co-anchor Flavor Flav for PETV
And by the way if you still think that they're that type
Don't believe the hypeEmbed
See, the Black race can't afford you no more
Terminator X scratches
If you have fear in your heart, don't fret just get out the way

Signed, sealed, delivered it's yours
I pour it on the breaks, till it break laws
Givin' the gabbin', so the brothers be havin' it
Or else the five fingers of dope'll be grabbin' it
Wit' no complaints, givin' uppin' I ain't
On the mike, like Karl Malone in the paint
Why rip a rapper, when he flow like water
I rather rush a television reporter
The frauds that tried to front
Watch ya back, stop pullin' those little stunts
Assault and battery, cause I snatched the battery
Off his back, the TV pack
Why pop the rhyme on a rhymer when I kick it
I'd rather spend my time, spittin' on a bigot
Who pumped the pimp that fed the fiends
He got jumped by the brothers in Fort Green
They slapped the mack, that kept us back
Sucker suckin' the hood like Drac
So if ya draggin' us down with the wack attitude
Get up, lookout, get out the way
Move!
You might also like
Move!
Get out the way, move!
Move!
One! (heh)
Two!
Three!
Four!

Signed, sealed, definition of a set-up
Pourin' it on and won't let up
Cause f-a-l-l-i-n, never applied
To this brother that tried
To let ya know, the folk of the American joke
That kept us broke
Now I'm ready to rap, strong fax I swing
Like Bo Jax, I'm never calm on a bomb track
60 percent three-fifths, constituted
Huh prostituted
Why I'm mad, cause it's written on the paper, right now
The mother fuckers bow
I kicked the lyric about the tricks of the trade
And the money made
Who got the money betcha bottom, dollar bill gonna find
Some rich old bloodline
But the blood is in the mud
Take the whack an attack it like a SCUD
To the patriotic hater that got paid off my people
I'm rude
Lookout, get out the way
Move!
Move!
Get out the way, move!
Move!
Now we gonna count it down again, y'all ready c'mon count it down
One!
Two! (heh)
Three! (Come on!)
Four! (Terminator)
Heh!
Now now now now now
If you ain't with the program I'm set on, you're just going to get run over

Signed, and what I'm gettin' is mine
I bring the noise to town, so let's get down
I cranked the beats, tearin' up the streets and the park
And it ain't Mozart
Jack movin' out, cause the black movin' in, and its old
I said it in Who Stole The Soul?
But 92 brings an attitude, that say I don't give a DAMN!
About the old way
This is a new day
Tell Jack stay in the back
And all the other suckers that don't matter
You got somethin' to prove, scatter
Get out the way
Move!
That's right get out the way, move!
Move!
Get up look out c'mon move!
One more time we gonna count it down
One! (Y'all ready?)
Two! (Help me out come on!)
Three! (At four we gonna break it down, c'mon!)
Four! (Break down!)
Heh!
Cmon!
Now now now now now now now now NOW!
91, PE in full effect
Apocalypse 91 The Enemy Strikes Black
Bomb Squad in full effect
That's right, guaranteed to keep you in gear
It's a Black Thing you gotsta understand
Welcome to the gotdamn TerrordomeEmbed
Pusher of the button, talkin' loud, ain't saying nothin'
The mack of the format gettin' fat (Yeah!)
It ain't funny 'cause my neighborhood is low in money (Ugh!)
Thank God for the boulevard, they keep the motor runnin' (Hey!)
The rap shows coincide with the tape flow (What)
Bootleggers go inside and record the record low (Ugh!)
They get me, get this now, can you freestyle?
Freestyle, no style's free except the radio (Ho!)
The radio's controlled by the sucker move
Who moved away got away after plannin' a getaway
And now he wanna play what he wanna play
And got say on what is bumpin', of course he's gettin' somethin'
They never know what's good to the neighborhood
I swear I never seen the sucker in my neck in the wood
The ass is connected to the brain stem
A so I sing a simple song so you can see the sucker in 'em

People go to make a call to hear the yes y'all
While the phone keep ringin', you hear some singer singin'
Why don't they play the jammy in the daytime?
People think it's slammin', plus the rhyme is hot and got me tunin'
The afternoon is FM in the PM, and if only they could see 'em
Out-of-towner not down, I think they'll diss him
Up goes the season, pop goes the weasel
Damn, gimme rap, no band, I want some X-Clan
I know they even got it from the giddy
Stacked in the back, only Black radio station in the city
Programmed by a sucker in a suit, a slick back hair
And he don't even live here
Rap's the number one pick, so I draft it
I don't give a damn about the other demographics
When the quiet storm comes on, I fall sleep
What they need is Arbitron on the funky, funky jeep
Too bad it's going on, in fact, my word is bond
To pull a disappearin' act attack until he gone
The whacker jam he play they pay I'm in the day
I don't think we gonna miss 'em, we don't need 'em anyway
You might also like
Can I kick it? Who the hell is on the radio?
Or who's behind, do you really think they'll mind?
To play the funky jams that everybody with
Some Def Jef or Ice T and show they rollin' with the syndicate
Or can they get funky with the underground?
Masta Ace get a taste, Bomb Squad gettin' hard
Marley Marl makin' hipper tracks for Jack The Ripper
Pumping Eric B or Papa San and rollin' with Run
Did you think that ever, in fact, you thought that never
Control of your soul is by a suit and tie?
And then you wonder why why you never hear a rhyme 'til I hear some King Sun
I say we do 'em 'til it's doneEmbed
Yo, G! Come and get your New York Post!
New York Post, right here! Come on, y'all!
Get the boast-a, boast-a, boast-a
Coast-a, coast-a, New York Post-a

Yo, New York Post, don't brag and boast
Dissin' Flavor when he's butter that you put on your toast
Put my address in the paper 'cause I smacked that girl
She's the mother of my kids I took around the world
Disagreements having scuffles when you share upon
You shouldn't try to drain subjects in a duck pond
If you're gonna tell a story about people's worries
Watch what you tell 'em cause they don't bring you glory
It only brings agony, ask James Cagney
He beat up on a guy when he found he was a fagney
Cagney is a favorite he is my boy
He don't jive around, he's a real McCoy

Yeah, you tellin' Flav, we got to let 'em know
Here's a letter to the New York Post
The worst piece of paper on the East coast
Matter of fact, the whole state
Forty cents in New York City, fifty cents elsewhere
And makes no goddamn sense at all
America's oldest continuously published daily piece of bullshit
You might also like
Flavor Flav is the one that makes the Post money
Writers making violence in headlines funny
Tryin' to undress my past until it's naked
Post got Flavor from sellin' no records
Europe Asia to the streets of New York
Flavor Flav known for his finesse talk
Do it to ya for the Post to employ me
New York Post can't destroy me
Rapper of Public Enemy, rap star beats lover
With the headline of a fucked up cover
Out the pot took the plate, New York Post
Get your story straight motherfucker

It always seems they make our neighborhood look bad
Here's a letter to the New York Post
Ain't worth the paper it's printed on
Founded in 1801 by Alexander Hamilton
That is a hundred-ninety years continuous of fucked up news
Yo, one can play the game, two can play the game
Yo Flav, read on

Can't forget you either, Jet
Flavor Flav is your best jet yet
My own people own the most business
Write on faith of value-isness
Should have checked with me before you wrote it
Got it from another source and quote it
Put it out like the New Year ball drop
In every beauty parlor and barber shop
Flavor Flav world renown
Can't keep a man like Flavor down
Yo Jet, be a good host
Don't print bull like the New York Post
Ah, looks like somebody slipped up here
Anyway, here's a letter to the New York Post
Black newspaper and magazines are supposed to get the real deal from the source y'all
Sorry, Jet you took the info straight out of the Post
Burned us  like toast
When it comes to getting you facts straight about the PE
Get your shit correctEmbed

Yo-ho!
Yo nigga! Yo nigga! No nigga!
Yo my nigga! No nigga! No nigga!
Check it out!

How can you say to me, "Yo, my nigga!"
Cursin' up a storm, with your finger on the trigger?
Stealin' all the dough like a big gold digger
Take a small problem, make a small problem bigger
Say yo, I ain't poor, I got dough
You don't consider me your brother no more?
Goddamn kilogram, how do you figure?
I don't want to be called "yo nigga"!

Yo nigga! Yo my nigga! Yo nigga! Hey!
Yo nigga! Yo nigga! Yo my nigga!
Yo nigga!

I tried to make my statement stick like flypapers
Judge says to me, "Yo nigga, sign these goddamn papers"
My boss told me, "Yo nigga, you're fired!"
Cause my body told me, "Yo nigga, you're tired"
Yo nigga this, and yo nigga that
I'm yo nigga now cause your head got fat
Flav's framalama boy you won't figure
Why I don't wanna be called "yo nigga"
You might also like
Yo nigga! Yo my nigga! Yo nigga!
Nnigga! No, nigga! No, my nigga!
No, my nigga!
Break it down

N-I-G-G-E-R
Nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga
Everybody sayin' it, everybody playin' it
Load it on the scale, 'cause everybody weighin' it
Toby say, "Yo, I be good nigga
"Nigga get a shovel, nigga be good digger!"
I don't care how small or bigger
I don't want to be called "yo nigga"

Yo nigga! Yo nigga! Yo nigga!
No, my nigga! No nigga! No nigga!
Yo my nigga! Hey!
Yo nigga! Yo nigga! Yo my nigga!
Yo nigga! Nigga! No, nigga!
Yo my nigga! Yo nigga!
Yeah!

One minute worth of shit
Yo, this is it
I wanna talk about us and us
Disgusted at the Uncle Toms
Droppin' bombs in the hood
Sellout niggas, selling drugs
And how could you love living in the projects?
Getting checks, and giving it back to the government
Bust yo ass to pay the rent
And lets look at that word, "project"
Another word for "experiment"
One side of the streets is a church
Across the road is a liquor store
Both of them keeping us poor
Keeping us down, my hood ain't considered a town
And the joint
Packed back to back with black
Full of brothers doing a bid
Who did something but did not think
And a college of forward black thinkers
Who ain't doin' a damn thing collectively
And the negro, where the fuck does he go?
'Cause right here is apartheid, he can run, but he can't hide2Embed

Drop it!

When I'm talkin' rhyme time
It's blow your mind time some say
It's nothing worse than a verse
To hear some nigga curse
They call me rude some dudes fiery attitude
Claimin' I boast and smoke
And sometimes sing the blues
I twang metal and settle
Try to never back pedal
From the power some got
To get a nigga shot
The null and void I avoid
I test the paranoid
Never had to be bad
My mama raised me mad
So what I got is hot
I love my life a lot
I'm never sad just glad
That's why I thank my dad
Naw, I ain't with this
I ain't with it
I ain't with it
You might also likeThis is what I mean a anti-nigga machine

Instead of peace the police
Just wanna wreck and flex
On the kid
What I did was try to be the best
So they fingered the trigger
Figured I was a bigger nigga
And they started to search me
So I headed West
Went to Cali a rally
Was for a brother's death
It was the fuzz who shot him
And not the bloods or cuzz
I wondered why it was like
So I just held my mic
But in my mind I was blind
So I just tried to find
A reason we was
Just the way that we was
So I just stayed in the crib
Until I got a buzz...

What man, what? What is it, man?
It's Kane, G
Yeah, boy! What's up, G?
Yo man, me and Ice Cube got this movie in effect you with it?
Yeah man! Yo Chuck, man, check this out man, Kane and Ice Cube on the phone, they wanna go to the movies man, you with it? C'mon man get your ass out the shower, let's go, man!Embed
Hit me!
"Somebody call an ambulance!"
"There's not a minute to spare"
"Don't worry"
"Haha very funny mother-"
"There's not a minute to spare"
"Don't worry"
Going, going, gone!

Now I dialed 911 a long time ago
Don't you see how late they're reacting?
They only come and they come when they wanna
So get the morgue truck and embalm the goner
They don't care 'cause they stay paid anyway
They treat you like an ace that can't beat a trey
A no-use number with no-use people
If your life is on the line then you're dead today
Latecomers with the late coming stretcher
That's a body bag in disguise y'all, I'll betcha
I call 'em body snatchers cause they come to fetch ya
With an autopsy ambulance just to dissect ya
They are the kings cause they swing amputation
Lose you arms or legs to their miscalculation
I can prove it to you, watch the rotation
It all adds up to a fucked up situation
You might also like
So get up, get, get, get down
911 is a joke in yo town
Get up, get, get, get down
Late 911 wears the late crown
So get up get, get get down
911 is a joke in yo town
Get up, get, get, get down
Late 911 wears the late crown

911 is a joke
911 is a joke

Everyday they don't never come correct
You can ask my man right here with the broken neck
He's a witness to the job never being done
He would've been in full effect
But late 911 was a joke cause they only joking
They the token to your life when it's croaking
They need to be in a pawn shop on a
911 is a joke we don't want 'em
I call a cab cause a cab will come quicker
The doctors huddle up and call a flea flicker
Reason why I say that cause they flick you off like fleas
They be laughing at you while you're crawling on your knees
And to the strength so go the length
Thinkin' you are first when you really are tenth
You better wake up and smell the real flavor
Cause 911 is a fake life saver
So get up get, get get down
911 is a joke in yo town
Get up, get, get, get down
Late 911 wears the late crown
So get up get, get get down
911 is a joke in yo town
Get up, get, get, get down
Late 911 wears the late crown

Ahh, (911 is a joke) ahh (Ahh)
Ahh, Flavor Flav says Ahh
Ahh, ahh, (911 is a joke) ahh (Ahh)
Ahh, ahh (911 is a joke)

So get up get, get get down (911 is a joke)
911 is a joke in yo town
Get up, get, get, get down
Late 911 wears the late crown (911 is a joke)
So get up get, get get down
911 is a joke in yo town (911 is a joke)
Get up, get, get, get down
Late 911 wears the late crown (911 is a joke)
"Somebody call an ambulance!"
(911 is a joke)
"There's not a minute to spare"
"Don't worry"
"Somebody call an ambulance!"
(911 is a joke)5Embed
“The rhythm, the rebel”
“Don’t believe the hype!”
“Yes!”
“How low can you go?”
“Show ‘em that we can do this!”
“Here we go again”

Uh, your bad self
Help us break this down from off the shelf
Here's a music servin' you so use it
Papa got a brand new funk
Get down (Party for your right!)
Huh, let's get it on like we said before
They say the brothers causing trouble
Hate to bust their bubble
'Cause we rumble from our lower level
To condition your condition, we're gonna do a song
That you never heard before
Make you all jump along to the education
Brothers gonna work it out
And stop chasing
Brothers, brothers gonna work it out

You got it...what it takes
Go get it...where you want it?
Go get it...get involved
'Cause the brothers in the street are willing to work it out
You might also likeCome on, y'all, let's go to work

So many of us in limbo
How to get it on, it's quite simple
Three stones from the sun
We need a piece of this rock
Our goal indestructible soul
Answers to this quizzing
To the Brothers in the street
Schools and the prisons
History shouldn't be a mystery
Our stories' real history
Not his story
We gonna work it one day
Till we all get paid
The right way in full, no bull
Talking, no walking, driving, arriving and stylin'
Tell 'em -- soon you'll see what I'm talking 'bout
'Cause one day
The brothers gonna work it out
Brothers, brothers gonna work it out

You got it...what it takes
Go get it...where you want it?
Go get it...get involved
'Cause the brothers in the street are willing to work it out
Let's get it on... we are willing
Let's get it on, let's get it on ... we are willing
Let's get it on, let's get it on, let's get it on ... we are willing
Now we are ready if you are ready
Yo, drop the rhyme in overtime, G

In 1995, you'll twist to this
As you raise your fist to the music
United we stand, yes divided we fall
Together we can stand tall
Brothers that try to work it out
They get mad, revolt, revise, realize
They're super bad
Small chance a smart brother's
Gonna be a victim of his own circumstance
Sabotaged, shell-shocked, rocked and ruled
Day in the life of a fool
Like I said before to live it low
Life take you time, time yo go slow
Look here, not a thing to fear
Brother to brother, not another as sincere
Teach a man how to be father
To never tell a woman he can't bother
You can't say you don't know
What I'm talking 'bout
But one day ... on the strength brothers gonna work it out
You got it...what it takes
Go get it...where you want it?
Go get it...get involved
'Cause the brothers in the street are willing to work it out

Let's get it on... we are willing
Let's get it on, let's get it on ... we are willing
Let's get it on, let's get it on, let's get it on ... we are willing2Embed
Hold it, now!
Oh! Come on, come on!
Huh! Alright, y'all!

I testified, my mama cried
Black people died when the other man lied
See the TV, listen to me, double trouble
I overhaul and I'm coming from the lower level
I'm taking tabs, sho nuff, stuff to grab
Like shirts and it hurts with a neck to wreck
Took a poll 'cause our soul took a toll
From the education of a TV station
But look around, here go the sound of the wrecking ball
Boom and pound when I shut 'em down
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
You might also like
Huh! Alright, y'all!
Alright!

One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine
What I use in the battle for the mind
Hit it hard like it suppose, pull no blows to the nose
Like Uncle L said, I'm rippin' up shows
Then what it is is only five percent of the biz, I'm adding woes
That's the way it goes
Then you think I rank I never drank, point blank
I own loans, suckers got me running from the bank
Civil liberty, I can't see to pay a fee
I never saw a way to pay a sap to read the law
Then become a victim of a lawyer
Don't know ya, never saw ya
Tape cued, getting me sued
Playing games with my head, what the judge said
Put me in the red, got me thinking 'bout a trigger to the lead
No, no, my educated mind say
Suckers gonna pay anyway, there gonna be a day
Cause the troop they roll in, to posse up whole from the ground
Ready to go, throw another round
Sick of the ride, it's suicide for the other side of town
When I find a way to shut 'em down
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)

Hold it! Come on!
Alright, y'all! Alright, y'all!
Come on, now!
Hey!

Who count the money in the neighborhood?
But we spending money to no end, looking for a friend
In a war to the core, ripping up the poor in the stores
Until they get a brother kicking down doors
Then I figure I can get bigger, look 'em dead in the eye
And they wince, defense is pressurized
They don't really want it to be another racial attack
In disguise, so give some money back
I like Nike, but wait a minute
The neighborhood supports, so put some money in it
All corporations owe, they gotta give up the dough
To my town or else we gotta shut 'em down
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)
I shut 'em down (Shut 'em down, shut 'em, shut 'em down)

Alright, y'all! One more time, here we go again!
Alright, come on!
Uh, get down! Hold it, come on!
Uh, wait a minute now!
Huh! Hey, hey, hey!
Yeah, yeah, I know you got soul!
Pump the beat, pump the beat
The fall beat, y'all!
I'm bringin' low, bringin' low, bringin' low, y'all!

Howdy y'all. This is Bernie Crosshouse, yours truly of the KKK. I'd like to express our deepest gratitude at the destruction of the inferior nigga race. And I’m especially pleased to report it's destroyin' itself without our help. To all you gangs, hoodlums, drug pushers and users, and other worthless niggers killin' each other, we’d like to thank y'all for savin' us the time, trouble and legality for the final chapter of riddin' y'all off the face of the Earth. Your solution to our problem is greatly appreciated, so keep sellin' us your soul. Thank ya!9Embed
Where is Public Enemy? What's the big deal?
What's your latest hit, brother?
(Fear of a Black Planet)

Man, don't you worry 'bout a thing
'Bout your daughter, nope she's not my type
(But suppose she said she loved me?)
Are you afraid of the mix of Black and White?
Livin' in a land where the law say
Mixing of race makes the blood impure
She's a woman I'm a man
Look at your face, I see ya can't stand it


Man you need to calm down, don't get mad
I don't need your sista
But suppose she said she loved me?
Would you still love her or would you dismiss her?
What is pure? Who is pure?
Is it European? I ain't sure
If the whole world was to come through peace and love
Then what would we be made of?
You might also like
Excuse us for the news
You might not be amused
But did you know White comes from Black
No need to be confused
Excuse us for the news
I question those accused
Why is this fear of Black from White
Influence who you choose?

Man, I don't want your wife
Stop screamin', it's not the end of your life
(But suppose she said she loved me?)
What's wrong with some color in your family tree?
I don't know, hey, I'm just a rhyme sayer
Skins protected 'gainst the ozone layers
Breakdown, 2001
Might be best to be Black or just Brown, countdown


I've been wonderin' why people livin' in fear of my shade
(Or my high-top fade)
I'm not the one that's runnin', but they got me on the run
Treat me like I had a gun
All I got is genes and chromosomes
Consider me Black to the bone
All I want is peace and love on this planet
Ain't how that God planned it?
Excuse us for the news
You might not be amused
But did you know White comes from Black
No need to be confused
Excuse us for the news
I question those accused
Why is this fear of Black from White
Influence who you choose?Embed
Just clap your hands to the beat
Just clap your hands to the beat
Just clap your hands to the beat, to the beat

So here we go y'all
Little by little you know
We got the power
And the knowledge to move 'em
And still rock
A super song for the cause so
Feel the load on your brain for the episode (Yeah)
And we just begun, it's number one y'all
Brother Black, the B is back
So check this out

Just clap your hands to the beat
Just clap your hands to the beat
Just clap your hands to the beat, to the beat
Just clap your hands to the beat, to the beat

And 'ya don't, I won't, if 'ya still, I will
Take three jams and hold 'em, this what I told 'em
Rock the other side, the sucker lied
Said he would shock but never tried, and so I—I
Took 'em away, I never stayed y'all
I called Flavor Flav, another record to get played, played
He made a jam to get you slammed
Back to back in the place where the suckers are basin', basin'
Whatever it takes to make it hardcore—core
We gonna roll it raw
That's what you buy it for, c'mon
You roll in your ride, the DJ decides
To play it on the radio—dio, the A side
He gives it a try but never really gives it a try
And the people request the best on the B side
You might also like
Food for the brain, beats for the feet
People on the dance floor never claimin' a receipt
Had a good time rockin' rollin' on the go rhyme
The rhythm supplied by the superior B side
They had to twist and turn and shout
Turn the jam out, getcha ready now, c'mon
The situation put you in
To where you're sweatin' in
Hysterical B side, c'mon inside
I quest the best to give a test
And never given a rest
Your guess is good as my guess
And while I'm guessin' your guessin', yo listen this is
A DJ to play to give a lesson
And his (Uh-oh) name (Look out) is (Yeah) Terminator X

And the suckers on the right get cynical
'Cause the record's to the left and political
And you search the stores
Attack the racks with your claws
For the rebels without a pause
'Cause the B side
Wins again, again, again
Yo Black, some of you are all in
To make sure the crowd
Get loud wit' it on the dance floor
'Cause the B is pure sure
I never knew the crowd was this hype
But you thought we was that type
To start a riot, we ain't quiet
In a thunderstorm with a song
Why would we dare you to come along
Pump up the music, pump the sound
Once again we gonna do it like this now
And while I'm throwin', you're goin'
And you know it's time for man on a mission
To listen cause he's in the house
He's Terminator XEmbed
Every black person who says that they're a leader needs to pen blazing questions about HIV
And get an answer to the question "How could it be in a book published in 1969?"
Under chemical and biological warfare
Tell 'em

Man to man, I don't know if they can
From what I know, the parts don't fit (Ah shit)
How he's sharin' a needle with a drug addict
He don't believe he has it either
But now he does, he doesn't know
'Cause he goes straight to a ho
Tell you what who was next on the butt
Wild thingin' on a germ runnin' wild
Yo stop! But the bag popped
Damn!

Ay yo, Terminator man, yo meet the G that killed meYou might also like1Embed
DJ: Public Enemy - ah, in their music ah, kinda rabble rousing. They, ah, talk about, ah, well things like…
DJ: You know the white media has been very upset about some of the things you say in your songs
DJ: The way I get some calls of people very upset by the things you're saying
DJ: On the air- Hello?
Caller 1: Yes, hello?
DJ: Yes?
Caller 1: Ah, I've seen these guys - I saw them warm up for the
Beastie Boys last year
DJ: How were they?
Caller 1: How were they? I thought it was one of the most appalling things I have ever seen. There were two gentlemen in cages on either side of the stage with fake Uzis...
There were, ah, Jesus it, it was unbelievable. And when I see somebody who's wearing one of their shirts
I think that they're scum, too
DJ: Hello?
DJ: 
You might also likePE in full effect, Brother!
DJ: Hello?
DJ: 
Caller 2: Yo, why do you even pay homage to these people by putting these monkeys on?
DJ: Hello? Hello?
Caller 3: ...didn't have the guts to tell him that he doesn't know what he's talking about
DJ: Hello?
DJ: 
Caller 4: Terminator X!
DJ: Thank you. Terminator X is one of the members on the group
On the air, On the air, On the air
Chuck D: Go back to Africa?
DJ: OK, we're going to, uh (Ha ha) - believe me when we go to these phones, people are going to tell you to do just that, Chuck
Hello?
Caller 5: (Yes, hello?) Yes, I think that White liberals like yourself have difficulty understanding that Chuck's views represent the frustrations of the majority of black youth out there today
DJ: I do understand that
Caller 5: Yeah, but before he came on, you were branding-
DJ: Well, if you had read the stuff I had read about him, and the way he's been portrayed in American press-Embed
She wants a lover right now
But not no brother
Her man gotta have a lot of money
To get under her cover
Now she's a fine sister
But up here she's missin' it
She says she wanna learn about life
Not old black bull shit
At the age of 15, a brother gave her a baby
She's 19 now and it drove her crazy
That's why every time she turns around
All the people in the neighborhood
Look and get mad and sing

Polly!
Polly wanna
Polly!
Polly wanna
That's what they say
Polly!
Polly wanna

Meet Mr. Successful, I guess he's blessed yeah
But he happens to be a brother who only wants blue eyes and blonde hair
Now this young mister, he don't like sisters
He couldn't find that special one, we know why he missed her
He says sisters wasn't good enough
They only wanted his green stuff
That's why every time he turned around
All the people in the neighborhood looked and got mad and sang
You might also like
Polly!
Polly wanna
Polly wanna

I try to tell my people
There should not be any hatred
For a brother or a sister
Whose opposite race they've mated
Cus' no man is God
And God put us all here (yeah)
But this system has no wisdom
The devil split us in pairs
And taught us White is good, Black is bad
And Black and White is still too bad
That's why everytime I turn around
All the people in my neighborhood
Look and get mad and sing

Polly wanna!
Lord have mercy
Peace be upon us
Polly wanna!
And you and you too
Get it together!2Embed
I get down to what it is
And if it ain't funky (Round, round, round,round)
See ya! (Round)
People askin' me what's goin' on my mind
Huh, (Hey!)
Wait a minute

"The true worth of a race must be measured by the character of its woman..."

Just a matter of race
'Cause a black male's in their face
Step back for the new jack swing
On the platter, scatter, huh
(We got our own thing)
Yes, just jam, let the rhythm run (Boy!)
Day to day, America eats its young
And defeats our women
There is a gap so wide, we all can swim in
Drown in (Uh, get down!) and get it
Got it goin' on with it
Sister (hey) soul sister, we goin' be all right
It takes a man to take a stand
Understand it takes a woman to make a stronger man
(As we both get strong)
They'll call me a crazy Asiatic while I'm singin' a song
(Oh, oh!) Oh my God, oh my lord, I can't hold back
So I get exact on a track
It's an eye for eye, tooth for tooth
Forget about me, just set my sister free (Sisters!)
R-E-S-P-E-C-T
My sister's not my enemy
'Cause we'll be stronger together to make them all say
Damn! (This generation!)
You might also like
(I don't know what this world's coming to!)
They don't know what we got goin' is (sound)
(See you!) To turn it all around
To my sisters I communicate with the bass and tone
Thru speakers and the microphone
'Cause I'm tired of America dissin' my sisters
(For example, like they dissed Tawana)
And they try to say that she's a liar
My people don't believe it, but even now they're getting higher
Off the feeling, inspiration
We must know that in this nation
Every single generation
(They teach us how to diss our sisters)
Strange as you say, I say "revolution"
Need for change brings a revolution
The great book, look see solution
God chooses what and who for the bruisin'
There's been no justice for none of my sisters
Just us been the one that's been missin' her
Now we got to protect
To get together and damn! (This generation)

I said so to what it is
Where it is, she needs a lil' respect (There it is)
I would say she needs a lotta
Brother from a mother like me has gotta
Give it up (Give it now)
And pass it all around to my soul sister
They disrespected mama and treated her like dirt
America took her, reshaped her, raped her
No, it never made the paper
Beat us, mated us
Made us attack our woman in black
So I said "sophisticated B" (Don't be one!)
Not to heed the warning crack of dawn
Or is it the dawn of crack? (Uh oh)
Stop the talk they say, but we talk and say whats right or wrong
Some say we wasting time singing a song
But why is it that we're many different shades
Black woman's privacy invaded years and years
You cannot count my mama's tears
It's not the past, the future's what she fears
Strong, we be strong, the next generation
It's what, not who, we're facin'
The fingers pointed to us in our direction
The blind state of mind needs correction
Word to the mother, we tighten connection
To be a man, you need no election
This generation generates a new attitude (Yeah!)
Sister to you we should not be rude
So we come together
And make 'em all say 'damn'! (This generation!)Embed
Once again, this is it
Turn it up, here we go
But this time the rhyme's
Gonna ask who did the crime
Then let's get down to the nitty-gritty
I wanna know who
Picked Wilson's pocket
After he rocked it
Fact, he shocked it
Same kinda thing they threw at James (Brown)
And what they did to Redd was a shame
The bigger the Blacks get
The bigger the feds want
A piece of that ... booty
Intentional Rape System, like we ain't
Paid enough in this bitch, that's why I dissed them
I learned we earned, got no concern
Instead we burned, where the hell is our return?
Plain and simp, the system's a pimp
But I refuse to be a ho who stole the soul

Ain't, no, different than in South Africa
Over here they'll go after ya to steal your soul
Like over there they stole our gold
Yo, they say the Black don't know how to act (Who, me?)
Cause we're waitin' for the big payback
But we know it'll never come
That's why I say come and get some
Why when the Black moves in, Jack moves out
Come to stay Jack moves away
Ain't we all people?
How the hell can a color be no good to a neighborhood
Help, straighten me out
Cause my tribe gets a funny vibe
Sayin' I'm wrong for singin' a song
Without solutions
All the dancers answer questions
Try to be the best and...
Let everybody know before I blow
Cuz I wanna know what sucka stole the soul
You might also like
We choose to use their ways
And holidays notice some of them are heller days
Invented by those that never repented
For the sins within that killed my kin
But that's all right
I try do what a brother does
But I'll never know if you're my cuz
That's why I try my best to unite
Damn the rest if they don't like it
Banned from many arenas
Word from the motherland
Has anybody seen her
Jack was nimble, Jack was quick
Got a question for Jack ask him
40 acres and a mule Jack
Where is it why'd you try to fool the Black
It wasn't you, but you pledge allegiance
To the red, white, and blue
Suckers that stole the soul!1Embed
(Power to the people)
Get on up, get into it, get involved
Feel the bass as the cut revolves
To the brothers wit the 808
Like I said before PE got a brand new funk
Turn it up, boom the trunk, yeah
Internationally known on the microphone
Makin' sure the brothers will never leave you alone
To my sisters
Sisters yes we missed ya
Let's get it together make a nation
You can bet on it, don't sleep on it
Cause the troops cold jeepin' it pumpin
(Power to the people)
Turn us loose we shall overcome
They say where you get that bass from
Hey ohh people, people as we continue on
Come along, sings this song, are you ready for '91
Rhythm nation pump that bass an
We like to know from Chicago, New York and LA
Are y'all ready, cause the plans in the jam
And we're ready to roll yo y'all got to tell me
Are y'all ready to go c'mon
You might also like(Power to the people)
Had to kick it like that as we roll as one
One under the sun, to all the cities and to the side
Brothers and sister stateside and the whole wide world
There it is
P-e-a-c-e 1991Embed
Yo, move on 'em! Grab his soul and get the black mind back!
(They just hope that he'll never wake up! Because they never wanna meet him on the battlefield)
 Listen!

War at 33 1/3
Haven't you heard
I got quick and clever
At the level of a scientist
With this list my fist pumps chumps
And don't miss
Sorry majority grudge against the enemy
And any other nigga wit an attitude see
And any other rapper who's a brother
Tries to speak to one another
Gets smothered by the other kind
Not so divine so I heard through the grapevine
Sent the feds out to get mine
Time yo-yo to go Bronco in 90-91
Laughin' while they're searchin' for my 98
Accelerate the race from the chase
Look at my face
That they hate, but they don't want a debate
To take, great
Can I live my life without 'em treatin'
Every brother like me like I'm holdin'
A knife alright time to smack Uncle Sam
Who don't give a damn, look at the flag
My blood's a flood
Without credit
Black and close to the edit
I fed it, you read it, just remember who said it
You might also like
If you challenge them in theology! Don't challenge their political thinking! Don't challenge them in education! Don't challenge them in science! For that breaks the mold, that they are not used to!
 Yo, listen!

War at 33 1/3 not really live
I rather do it at 45
Went west in the quest for my intelligence
Climbed a fence took a teacher on
Ain't seen him since, hence he winced
And convinced that the Black
Was back revolving to a renaissance
Bronze to gold I told felt bold
Taught a so called teacher our role
In civilizin' the whole globe
Banned unplanned as I said
I don't break down religion, why?
There ain't a smidgen for a pigeon
Just nature for bird, dog, worm or lion
So my question to man is
So why the lyin'
God's law I saw is natural factual
Only man creates a waste
Defiance in his haste
Based on a scheme a scam
From some mastermind damn we read it
And still be blind
No need to search a fake church
Evangelical hustler
Anglo taxin' to muscle ya
Check I wreck you guess yes
All the bullshit, yeah! Now that's progressEmbed
Oh, kick that shit G.  Nuttin
Yea
Sold, black gold, one strong buck
To the Milwaukee Bucks, for a million bucks
Just get him off the streets so he don't get bucked
Super agent to the rescue so he won't get fucked
Uh.  Run nigga run to the auction block
But you can't pledge alligence to the block
This buck here, is the right kinda stock
For sale for passin, the right kinda rock
Yo.  Auctioneer Stern, to massive fuck
Can a nigga go home to where he used to walk?
Come back, but super agent said, "You can't talk"
I didn't know basketball had a bauk
Uh the Buck runs laps, while they run craniums
Players be drainin em, owners be claimin em
Super agents fraimin em and then nicknamin em
Drainin they ass, to pack them stadiums
Super agent (Super agent, where are you now?)
Super agent (What a hell of a man)
(Where you at?) Super agent (Super agent, where are you now?)
Never flagrant (Big daddy moves)
(Where you at?) Super agent (Super agent, where are you now?)
Super agent, (Backstabbin) super agent
(Super agent, where are you now?)
Never flagrant (Watch yo back)
Let's get it on!!
You might also likeThe players ear word for word verbatum
Super agent got him locked.  Coaches be hatin him
Super agent wouldn't even come in my hood
If I had no skills, was wackin' no good
Uh, in my neck of the woods the leagues concrete
One can only dream about wood, yea
Feel the grain and let the bills get paid
Pay respect to the projects
And the half court rejects
Scholarships, save that college shit
Then championships, don't pay for the head trips
Can I get a chance if I dont sing or dance?
Right about romance?  Or wear short pants?
So I rave and rant, and you can't say I can't
Get my grants, cold chillin in a b-boy stance
Super agent (Super agent, where are you now?)
Super agent (What a hell of a man)
(Where you at?) Super agent (Super agent, where are you now?)
Never flagrant (Big daddy moves)
(Where you at?) Super agent (Super agent, where are you now?)
Super agent, (Backstabbin) super agent
(Super agent, where are you now?)
Never flagrant (Watch yo back)
Let's get it on!!
Fuck that trophy, find the loot then approach me
Land a milk and honey can I get a quickness to the money?
All witness, no cheers the four years I ain't wit this
Hell wit the N-C-double A cause my super agent's paid
With his dollars I could buy a fuckin' college
Mister Ra-ra campus isn't keepin school bustas
Lookin who's lovin' ya, going for the juggeler
They know they can't contain me on the regular
Pimps pushes, the pocket book guzzeler
Would you pardon my father please, Mister Governer?
Thought he had it made, dreamin about a trade
Things we get, help but the roof on this bitch
Dark side of the room when he jumped the broom
Super agent got this player, nine figure wages
Back of sports pages, off ghetto stages
Shootin sleepin pills and runnin to the hills
Super agent (Super agent, where are you now?)
Super agent (What a hell of a man)
(Where you at?) Super agent (Super agent, where are you now?)
Never flagrant (Big daddy moves)
(Where you at?) Super agent (Super agent, where are you now?)
Super agent, (Backstabbin') super agent
(Super agent, where are you now?)
Never flagrant (Watch yo back)
Embed
Yeah that's right, this cut goes out to all y'all that's been missin' us for mad years
One love y'all
Yeah that's right, He Got Game
PE 1998

If man is the father, the son is the center of the earth
In the middle of the universe, then why
Is this verse comin' six times rehearsed?
Don't freestyle much but I write 'em like such (Word)
Amongst the fiends controlled by the screens
What does it all mean, all this shit I'm seein'?
Human beings screaming vocal javelins
Signs of a local nigga unravelling (uh huh)
My wanderin' got my ass wondering
Where Christ is in all this crisis?
Hatin' Satan never knew what nice is
Check the papers while I bet on ices
More than your eye can see and ears can hear
Year by year all the sense disappears
Nonsense perseveres, prayers laced with fear
Beware, two triple O is near

It might feel good, it might sound a little somethin'
But damn the game if it don't mean nothin'
What is game? Who got game?
Where's the game in life, behind the game behind the game
I got game, she's got game
We got game, they got game, he got game
It might feel good, it might sound a little somethin'
But fuck the game if it ain't sayin' nothin'
You might also like
Damn, was it something I said?
Pretend you don't see so you turn your head
Ray scared of his shadow, does it matter?
Thought of reparations got 'em playin' with the population
Nothin to lose, everything's approved
People used, even murders excused (You preach to 'em, yo)
White men in suits don't have to jump
Still a thousand and one ways to lose with his shoes
God takes care of old folks and fools
While the devil takes care of makin' all the rules
Folks don't even own themselves
Payin' mental rent to corporate presidents (My man, my man)
Ugh, one outta million residents
Bein' dissident, who ain't kissin' it
The politics of chains and whips
Got the sick missin' chips and all the championships
What's Love Got To Do with what you got
Don't let a win get to your head or a loss to your heart (Word)
Nonsense perseveres, prayers laced with fear
Beware, two triple O is near

It might feel good, it might sound a little somethin'
But damn the game if it don't mean nothin'
What is game? Who got game?
Where's the game in life, behind the game behind the game
I got game, she's got game
We got game, they got game, he got game
It might feel good, it might sound a little somethin'
But fuck the game if it ain't sayin' nothin'
Yeah that's right, eerybody got game
But we just here to let y'all know
That PE, is in full effect, from right now till the year 2000
Aiyo, my man, sing it

There's something happening here (Yeah, yeah)
What it is ain't exactly clear
There's a man, with a gun over there (Yeah, that's right, hah haha)
Tellin me, I got to beware
It's time we stop, children what's that sound?
Everybody look what's goin, down
(Aiyo, I don't think they heard you, Stevie
Kick it to em again one more time)
It's time we stop, children what's that sound?
Everybody look what's goin, down

Haha, that's right boy, PE in full effect boy to the year 2000 yo

Stop, look, what's that sound
Everybody knows what's goin' down
Stop, look, what's that sound
Everybody knows what's goin' down
Come on sing it
Sing it again y'all come on
Hey!
He-hey!!!
Aiyo, these are some serious times that we're livin in G
And a new world order is about to begin, y'knowhutI'msayin?
Now the question is - are you ready, for the real revolution
Which is the evolution of the mind?
If you seek then you shall find that we all come from the divine
You dig what I'm sayin?
Now if you take heed to the words of wisdom
That are written on the walls of life
Then universally, we will stand and divided we will fall
Because love conquers all, you understand what I'm sayin?
This is a call to all you sleepin souls
Wake up and take control of your own cipher
And be on the lookout for the spirit snipers
Tryin to steal your light, y'knowhutI'msayin?
Look within-side yourself, for peace
Give thanks, live life and release
You dig me? You got me?5Embed
Hey yo, Chuck, yo the world if sleepin', G
We got to wake everybody up yo
Hey yo, it's goin' down, baby
Let everybody know how it's goin' down, baby

The way this goes down is simple, from this day forth
Anything to deal with rap, STAY OFF
It's just the players, no pay offs, strictly skills (uh)
If you're brain's the same you'll stick to your deals
And this field ain't about sellin' a mil'
With the run of the mill, so just be tellin' the real
It ain't like a third time fella's appeal
'Til the GOD scolds him and tells him to deal
I'll allow you to write, maybe allow you to bite
If you're down to fight the power here's the power to fight
Overpower the mic, hit the crowd with the bomb diggy
Ring the alarm, now the squads with me
From way back I show now weakness when I speak this
Mentally strong to keep this hit in my speeches given
Now listen from the beginnin' 'til I reach the endin'
My short stories winnin' and keep the beats spinnin'

You know the name, P.E.!
You know the game, P.E.! {*scratches*}
We ain't for the game
We for the change
I wake up everyday with my game face on
You know the name, P.E.!
You know the name, P.E.! {*scratches*}
Yeah we ain't for the fame
We for the change
I wake up everyday with my game face on
You might also like
Break harder than ever, follow my lead
Through the fast lane in the game, they follow my speed
Either ease off the gas or floor it
You ain't ready to get it, I dunno why they keep askin' for it
This the real P.E., ain't no castin' for it
Cop lights, news camera, no action for it
Get the uncut raw, we somewhat sure
Hip hop's like a chess game, discussin' the war
Strategize, move like masterminds
When it's your go and your do', just cash mine
Last time we welcomed y'all to the Terrordome
Used the mic to reach out and touch, instead of the phone
I appear from the rear, stayin' from clear
Nobody can say if I'm here so they play it by ear
But here's the way I lay the idea
From this point on, the rest of '98, put it in high gear

You know the name, P.E.!
You know the game, P.E.! {*scratches*}
We ain't for the fame
We for a change
I wake up everyday with my game face on
You know the name, P.E.!
You know the game, P.E.! {*scratches*}
We ain't for the fame
We for a change
I wake up everyday with my game face on
I saw it comin', premeditated world domination hesitated
Rough this nuclear war head, detonate it
I'm forbidden, so I stay hittin' up forgiven
For givin' the livin' the truth, 360 proof
So world look before this world's took
I curl books under my arm
Smoke charm and learn about this world's 
Revelation the world cooks
I spit gold versus the pearl hooks
The first album made the world crooks
Got 'em snatchin', robbin', thievin', stealin' ideas
Believe in pleadin' reason for treason, conceal it for years
My criminal  attract an accomplice to grub something
Results DRASTIC MEASURES
And the death of joy, the death of casket treasure
From the abyss, the greatest trick I played on the world
Was leadin' them to believe my mother's clit didn't exist
Then I extended the list
Revolutioned every flag raised by a clenchin' fist

Yeah that's right, once again
Smooth the Hustler, and he ain't no crowd buster
Straight up Iceberg Slim
Yo, baby, you need to get with him
Flava Flav, Chuck D, Public Enemy, Smooth the Hustle
We out the backdoor, baby1Embed
Look around what do you see
Can you see what I see
Hard to live without weed
Catching hell without heed
Phenomenons, phenoms, and prodigies
20,000 maniacs just gotta be
Human highlight flicks, they wanna be
Hobbies turned to robberies, they killin me
The gun didn't know I was loaded
Devil attempts to get heroes railroaded
Stole the ball from lost souls
For whom the final bell toles
Confused with moses in street clothes
He suppose he the one with the corn rows
Blessed to do this outside J
Do you know the way to the ABA

One on one, it's just begun
Come to the house of the rising son

Not one of these programmed cats
Just off the black where the shot clock at
Don't back me if I with milky raps
Smack me if I rhyme on silky tracks
Takes a nation to get back
Mike sometimes the opposite of what ya like
I'm tired of the traps within
Sometimes your brain's your cell
Prison's the skin you in
Getting change beyond point blank range
Combined with the cross it's getting strange
Here comes the sun
But who's gonna stop the rain
It's just begun
And some got done
Got to beat the man
In the house of the rising son
You might also like
One on one, it's just begun
Come to the house of the rising sonEmbed
Damn back again, up on track again
2G around the bend
Some of y'all black again
It got dark
On your mark get set
Out of sight out of mind
Hyprocrites forget like marionettes
Strings in the back like nets
The chosen one who fuckin' laughed himself to death
Lack of rhymes, meaningless punch lines
Battle for your mind, like Israel and Palestine
Good news in some fuckin' hard ass times
No more disses, repeated hook lines and chorus'
Days full of Doris'
Got issues and wishes
Got the jam but gettin' paid up off the misses
Ain't nothin' wrong but wait fuck another love song
It's the R&B strangler bringing noise in the Wranglers
Rock all the heads big times and alzheimers
Shot the pill while I drop skills up in Brazil
Now the pitch time for a label switch
Thanks I get
I put the roof up on top this bitch
Lord save us from that sword of Davis
That kidnap hip-hop tracks and the beats in the game of rap
Put my soul in it
Care less about the gold in it
Boom the shootie
Got 'em running from the paparazzi
La di da di, when the feds come and doom your party
Cracker in the back, don't you know it's illuminati
Ain't nothing changed, P.E. we be the same crew
Resurrection in the game here to save you
You might also like
Yo it's going down baby, it's going down family
That's my word
We gettin ready to turn this shit to the two and three zeros
Ya know what I'm sayin
Have all the clocks goin backwards
Have everything goin haywire
You lauged before let's see you laugh now blue cow
How now black cow
Word to bird, word to bird, word to bird, nigga

One on one, hard like tarot cards
Behold, the one man million man march
Takes a nation, 400 year violation
Apocalyptic no power in this happy hour
Hazardous, no you don't like lazarus
Just black baby
Where my soul be at
Star spelled backwards is rats
Let bra man rap
I'm trapped in the back with these industry cats
One step forward two steps back
Making habits claiming habitats
Ratta tat tat
Wish you could turn back the hands of time
And get mental
Pop the track eight track Lincoln Continental
I'm the mouth that roared, swore to the Lord
The eye of hawk, both live and die by the sword
The forbidden
The six man be sinning from the beginning
The suckers hand be hidden
Intense
Knocking your block with some sense
P.E. got more jewels than dead presidents
The devil try to get me cross like a crucifix
But I am focused on the vultures like a loc of locusts
New world order is goin' down
Gettin round, I'm the spook that sat by the sound
Fucking with Saddam will bring a new Saigon
Ain't nothing changed, P.E. we be the same crew (boy)
Yeah that's right, 9-8, no joking
We coming out smoking
And for all y'all that's been sleeping on us
You're lacking you're lacking
Aiyyo, check 1-2
I've got my mand that's about to sneak up on you and your crew
Ya know what I'm saying
Check 1-2
Aiyo Masta Killa I want you to put one up in 'em son
And show 'em you ain't done son
Ball 'em with the back of the gun son, make 'em run son

Sliding down Broadway beneath the J line
Slumped in the incline position
Mind travellin beyond the shell
Which holds the soul controlled by the Allah
I be most humble but also punishable
For those who are unlawful to righteousness
I strive to stay alive and live this
Many fell victim to the wisdom
I mastered this
The track ovulates the mic like prostate gland imperegnates
Onto the paper the pain pours
For the love of my brother that hurts just the same
Fuck fame
My gun I bust to maintain
Moods are insiduous
Baffels and eludes those who label the God being anti-social
Chose not to apply their third eye
I travel at the speed of thought rate
It's fatal
What will enable a man to levitate
And you can take that and put that on the back of your brain
Coming straight to you from Masta Killa
Ain't nothin' iller
I told you PE is still in full effect beyond the year 2000
We ain't taking no shorts and y'all need to know that to make your head fat, boyEmbed
Say it takes two to tango, but a crew to bang, yo
Superstar shootout, overtime at Durango
Clear out the box out, practice at the range, yo
Get the D to step back, unless they be deranged, dough
Ra-me-fa-so-la-ti-dough
The chiza/rarely do missa
Money earner is a
Barn burner, highlighted by the headturner
Every step you take
Televised by Ted Turner, TBS, and TNT
Sunday drain the tray
But drew the foul on NBC
Ain't no stoppin me
I told yall
I close the door on the series
Swept but they ain't here me
In case you forgot
This shot is hot
Boo yoww
Like Stuart on the Scott
Haves and have not
Go cat go
Let the legend grow
Game it like you game it
Better let em all know
You might also like1 for the chiza
2 for the flow
3 to get the heads ready
Go cat go
Go cat go
Go cat go
High and down low
Do it like you did
On the brother wit the fro
Good job baby
Get the crowd crazy
Put that finger up at the section full of ladies
Scream c'mon scream
At the chisa and the cream
Raised up in Brooklyn
But be ballin down in Queens
White man's burden
Be a black man's dream
Badge over troubled green
Be a triple team
Suits and ties
See the envy in the eyes
Controllin guys while the
Buyers lie about the size
High priced Adonises
Unkept promises
Boxscore forgets all the no name threats
Puttin numbers up
To get them numbers up
Keep bouncin
But whos countin?
1 for the chiza
2 for the flow
3 to get the heads ready
Go cat go
Go cat go
Go cat go
High and down low
Do like you did
On the brother
With the fro
Go cat go
Let the legend grow
Game it like you game it
Better let em all know
Go cat go
Let a player know
Coney Island style
Before you go proEmbed
Virgin bitches with rockin' clitches, gettin' riches
Snitchin' and trippin' your way into the here at
The devil carried the cross to Christ
On the back of a black angelic hood rat
On an anti low jack crack hat
I'm humble but I'll rumble
With any given devil on any given level
But must I put into effect
And black caught ???
No don't test me
Checks from the ass to the throne
Grown, I'ma do it my way
Oh, by the way, I don't play
So what you say about this lost and found
In lust but bound
To get the stacks from the last sex acts
Sack the Government tongue kissed the devils daughter
And sent native daughters to the slaughter
The last six chapters of an anti-nigga knock
Entitled life in the fast lane
Like death, in the last lane
I live, until the day I die
I live, until the day I cry
I'm dead, the day I lie
I'm not takin' pay off's and lay off's
Knockin' G's off from the tip off
Less academic callories
Hope to make a high price salary
I got 40 acres to comphiscate
I got a mule that can't wait to ???
On who gets paid
And who gets laid
And who gets saved
And who gets sprayed
By burnt pale faces, fiends in high places
Faces and faces chasin' traces and cases and cases of case suits
Gettin' loot in a two piece multi national corporation noose
Around the neck of his pops
Got locked and dropped by a dirty cop
Stop!
I got an attitude how do you figure
Am I supposed to be a nigga?
Am I supposed to be a nigga?
Am I supposed to be a nigga?
Am I supposed to be a nigga?You might also likeEmbed
Soul to soul, so...

I never tried to pretend
I have an accent that I never had
So why don't you stay away awhile
Come hear the freestyle
The quicker the sticks
With the guitar licks
Complete the beat for your feet
Check out the drum kick
I'm here to live for the love of my people
Kickin' it all about rebuildin' so all the children
Avoid the self-destruction
So long I'm gonna do y'all a favor
Cause I got the flavor yea yeah
Get low not high you can't deny
Homeboys and girls you'll testify
The P-E-F-U-N and the K will stay
And make your body sway cause
We got that funky beat on the street on your feet
Can you feel the heat in your mind all the time
You don't have to find the effect of the
Rhythm in a funky rhyme on your body
On your gear so have no fear in your hair
Everywhere if you could dare take this never
Miss that funky list of super rockin' cuts
That you can't resist on the move make ya
Groove prove that we choose our cuts
Make you strut and shake your butt
Bend your back get the knack of the
Funk attack
Yes, yes y'all
A take that y'all
And ya don't, you won't stop
You might also like
Public Enemy
PE Funk
Soul to Soul 1990
Ready to roll and all that
We say peace
Ice T
Geto BoysEmbed

Now here's the pop, turnaround jumper
Hits the rim bounce away, the new slave trade
Manchild, six feet five, but juvenile
Thin line between getting bucks and gettin wild
Brooklyn style, hundred thousand miles
Parquet tiles, leavin' ankles broke in a pile
Son got a ticket to fly, he can make it if he try
To the sky, like a Coney Island ride
Gettin' pages, from his super agent
Community raises at the clout or the cages
No doubt, center stages, mad phases
From behind crazies flippin through the faces
Paper chases, love that many places
Pros and cons, flics between the races
He hold the rock, call for sweat shops
Guard the set shop replaced by sex shops
The highest bidder, no room for the quitter
Gave seven tickets, under counterfittas
Three cities a week, droppin needles
Like the black Beatles take heed, what you need is...

Jesus (The incredible)
Jesus (And in your existence, huh)
Jesus (The incredible, yea)
Jesus (Check it out)
You might also like
Crack my picture, never switch up
Smack the back ups, pack them pick ups
Resurrection of the two man vocal section
The spirit in your dark ass direction
Duckin them spray ups on my way that i thought be lay ups
Won the battle wars, a thousand one push ups
Here marks the return of them rules about Ruff Ryders
Risin, chargin hard from the point guard
Watch what you prey for, but know the team that you play for
Need I say more?
Uh, scared of the resurrection
Sacrafice yours, them maybe the revolution is basketball
Changes, generanges. Which means rearrange shit
Erase shit, stuck on Playstations
Then the new plantations, I said a millions heads
Waitin for another nation
To make your world be free
No shoppin sprees, there ain't no stoppin me
Here's the fee, not the weed
Got to see, God speed.  What you need is...


Sticky D gives you fits, on them turnaround hypocrites
Comin and goin like flics
Hit em net scripts, like a butcher
Gettin all the chips musta been a road trip against the Knicks
On T.V. showcasin kicks
Must be the fan cause his video gettin all the chicks
Walk up on a replay on Monday
Sportscenter highlights, last second steal kept em real
What you need is...
Jesus
Jesus (What you need is)
Jesus
Jesus (What you need is)
Jesus
Jesus (What you need is)
Jesus
Jesus2Embed
Uh, uh, keep it goin'
Yeah, whatever
Now, now, now

Now this is that fly shit, the do or die shit
Made shit, platinum shit that make you so sick
Flavor Flav time ticks, just count the six to eight figures
 shut 'em down at the Ritz
Thinkin of grits, Kibbles 'n Bits, now I'm in the mix
Flav be doin' just like this
Off the meat rack, got my money stacked
Blow out your back, no fakin' jacks
Kid relax, honey, I shrunk the kids
Flipped your wig, on top of the world like 'Pac and Big
Flavor Flav still stay jig
Takin a swing, knock you out like Shannon Briggs
Up on your block, money bustin' out my socks
Yo I'm in it for life, I'm takin a piece of the rock
Flavor Flav got a lot, so you know I can't stop
In ninety-eight I'm livin' on large estates boy

Flavor Flav, shake yo booty
Get rich, do your dance, it's your duty (Hey!)
Stack paper and let's get crazy
Throw your hands in the air then be Swayze
Flavor Flav, just shake yo booty
Get rich, do your dance, it's your duty (Hey!)
Stack paper and let's get crazy
(Check out my girls, check out my girls)
Throw your hands in the air then be Swayze
(Sing that shit G, sing that shit G!)
You might also like
Give me the night, like George Benson
And have fun, this jam is number one
We gonna party til it's done, me and DR
Goin' real far
In a black car, fat two-seater
Rich like Kedar, on my Def Jam's
Let's see how the ball bounce
I'm cold lampin', so you know I can't fall
From Strong Island, still buckwhylin', stylin'
Profilin, eatin' at City Island
Now you know the real score, Flavor's raw
Catch me on tour, makin mad moves for sure
Hittin' chicks like galore, we're gonna dance
'Til we shake the floor, I know you party people want more

Flavor Flav, shake yo booty
Get rich, do your dance, it's your duty
Stack paper and let's get crazy
Throw your hands in the air then be Swayze
Flavor Flav, just shake yo booty
Get rich, do your dance, it's your duty
Stack paper and let's get crazy
Throw your hands in the air then be Swayze
Word up yo
Ha ha, tsk tsk tsk
Yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, yea, ha hah
Ohh shit, sing it y'all!

(Shake it) C'mon, sing it!
(Shake it, shake it like ya want) Sing it again, c'mon!
(Shake it) Let 'em hear you
(Shake it, shake it like ya want) Yo this is fly, it's fly, it's fly
(Shake it) Yo it's blazin'
(Shake it, shake it like ya want) All this shit is hot
(Shake it) Hot hot hot!
(Shake it, shake it like ya want) Hot hot hot HOT!!!

First of all, Flav never get stuck
Still wear my jewels that's truck
Can't mess with the cash that's bad enough tryin to set me up
Get me messed up in the game, what's my name?
Watch me flame to the Billboard spot
I'm HOT HOT HOT, on MTV/ BET
The way you see me, V.I.P
Don't try to make history
Stay loyal to my fam P.E., Nigga what
Nigga what, burn your face with a cigarette
Flavor Flav, shake yo booty
Get rich, do your dance, it's your duty
Stack paper and let's get crazy
Throw your hands in the air then be Swayze
Flavor Flav, just shake yo booty
Get rich, do your dance, it's your duty
Stack paper and let's get crazy
Throw your hands in the air then be Swayze

Yeah that's right, two-zero-zero-zero
I know it's hot Son, it's blazin
We gon' take this shit
We gon' flip it to the moon
YaknowhatI'msayin? And we gonna flip it off the moon
Back to New York, and flip it down Broadway
YaknowhatI'msayin? All the way down to Hot 97
And we gonna rock it like this, like this yaknowhatI'msayin?
Terminator X!!
Ha hah, let me hear that one more time, one more time
Terminator X!!
One more time, one more time, Terminator X!Embed
Crosstown traffic, black to black, you shoulda seen her
Long and winding road to the arena
Crystal ball, I prophesized
What was on the horizon, forewarned y'all
Is it any wonder what kind of ground you goin' under
A September ender to March Madness, remember?
You never heard a murder, take  it for example
Unsolved mystery, life lost in a funk sample
Enter the bandwagon, braggin' hangin' banners
Clearin' the way for younger MC's and new hammers
What was criticized six years back is now back
In New York on the jersey, front and back
Feels like Tiger Woods got mad goods
Way up from the cheap seats comin' outta the hood
Race to the black seats amongst the wack seats
Be the hardcore alongside the deadbeats
The world lookin' on like spectators
At crucified gladiators and playa-hating alligators
Feels like a jungle inside where fish swim and birds fly
A man got a tendency to die
Man falls to the hands of man
But damn if I ever try to survive up at courtside
Four tickets to fly, rap or play ball
Do the game or duck that drive by
(Duck that down, G!)
You might also like
Idols in the sky, look at how they died
Right before your eyes, real lives
Is your lord a God (Say what?)
Or is your God a dog? (Say what?)
Idols in the sky, look at how they died
Right before your eyes, real lives
Is your lord a God (Say what?)
Or is your God a dog? (Say what?)

The same league that defends be the same ones that do us in
There's spies in the CIA and FBI
And them suites in that corporate sky
An eye for an eye, ain't gonna target at the bad guy
Heard the war is on from the announcer
Bound to get the crowd bouncin', yes and it counts and
In this corner, representin' the best in the west
Died from four bullets, two up in the chest
Worshiped on the wrong side of them TV sets
Had mad fans comin' outta both sex
Sold, multi platinum, eight times gold
But died of homicide, twenty-five years old
Heard he died in debt, too; I ain't seen a winner yet, you?
The confused crowd booed the whole crew
In that corner, number one in the east
The peace cursed for life by mark of that beast
Raised by peeps, rode jeeps, and Brooklyn beats
Praised as a hero who came up off the streets
The crowd looks on, claimin' sides they don't own
A house built up on their skulls and them bones
Knew it be a matter of time, the play by play
Two main rappers slain, so let us pray
Idols in the sky, look at how they died
Right before your eyes, real lives
Is your lord a God (Say what?)
Or is your God a dog? (Say what?)
Idols in the sky, look at how they died
Right before your eyes, real lives
Is your lord a God (Say what?)
Or is your God a dog? (Say what?)

With all the gunnin', crowd goin' crazy
Gettin' bigger, proud to be called a bunch of bitches and niggas
The ghetto stage fulla field nigga goals
Hip-hop shoot-outs versus those house negroes
Five bodies got on the shot clock
Runnin' down in the count made the scoreboard rock
The referees, the LAPD, the LVPD
Said they couldn't catch what they could not see (liar, liar)
Question, was it bigger than the names
Not only in the game, but the game behind the game?
Down to the remaining seconds of this record
Anatomy of a murder, intensity of a mystery
Dead and gone as the heads looked on
Helpless as the atmosphere was preyed on
Investigating, and the winners be
Interscope, UNI, Arista, and BMG
Lost in overtime, the tombstone trophies for people that cried
And the rhymes that died
And the beats that deceased, may the best rest in peace
(Peace, G) Rest in peace

Idols in the sky, look at how they died
Right before your eyes, real lives
Is your lord a God (Say what?)
Or is your God a dog? (Say what?)Embed

"Yo Chuck, where you at, G? I think he went upstairs, you know?"
"A very furious mixture of noise, what Public Enemy producer Hank Shocklee calls, 'music's worst nightmare'"
"Hey, he's a good kid!"

Air Hoodlum
Air Hoodlum
"Check check, check the elevation
Check check, check the elevation
Check check, check the elevation
Check check, check the elevation"
"A player, that can leap, with the best of them"

Risin up in the 'Velt, Strong Island, New York
The hood, in case you did not know my base
There was a ballplayer who had all the skills
With the pill to pay the piper, plus all the bills
Mick his first name, Mack the awesome game
Practiced in the heat, in the rain or in pain
Mick so quick, at six foot six
Down to be picked by anyone but the Celtics
Oh, what a handle could score from the floor
With people bangin' on him, or even hangin' on him
But what he did best, above all the rest was
You might also like
"A player that can leap, with the best of them"
"As a high school phenom..."
"The Skywalker himself!"
"I felt, he could do, to make this an effective basketball team"

Grades nine and ten, Mickey Mack was all that
But in class, his ass sat way in the back
How I know? 'Cause I know, I used to flow with the bro
He didn't mind, I used to read him his own headlines
Cause he could not read 'em, his school wouldn't need em
If the lines woulda went like this
Mickey Mack jumped over the candlestick
His stack was his stats, but his D was still wack
Grades eleven and twelve, he found the wrong clientele and all
During class, he would dribble in the hall
But never got in trouble in school, but the trouble was
It was cool if your brain was just another bubble
As long as he could score fiddy-two
Get thirty-three rebounds, fuckin' around
Teams lost to him, he went right through 'em
Division, county, state -- that's three, count 'em
Championships for a small town bro
That's bound to go pro
"He gets free, turn on the jumper, good!"
"Streak of lightning when he breaks loose..."
"We all felt in our hearts we could win this ballgame"
"They just required me to have the game that I did
I'm just... that's all, I that's all I that's all I can say"
"That's all I can say"
"He hauled down fifteen rebounds, and kept the ball away from everybody"
"Then he had a triple double!"
"A-a-a sensational player..."

SAT's didn't matter cause he was all that
You know, the pat on the back
He was always in the news, you gotta know what it means
It means revenue, and I'm tellin' you
I saw cars and G's come to our school, please
Approach Hell with the principal, "Where's the coach?"
Went to college, four years with a scholarship
And won the championship
But when it came to his life, he didn't care
'Cause he took it to the air

"Cross and a hook, he scores, he's fouled!"
"From the far corner, breaks West and here's the jumper, good!!"
"There's the jumper, it's not gonna go, rebound batted back..."
The fall began when Mickey Mack fell
Hell ripped his knee, drafted last by personnel
Oh, how he loved the game, it was fantastic
Until he was cut, and couldn't stick
Times got tighter and tighter
He had an attitude, was rude, so he turned into a fighter
School wouldn't give him the job that he needed
Assistant to the assistant coach, they didn't need it
Then he resorted to a stick up kid
Ski-mask and gat, but this game he wasn't good at
And the drugs on the side
Police ambushed his ride (gunfire), another homicide
He was over, ghost you know
Hometown hero, but now a zero
To those hypocrites who ripped him blind
For his skills without the will to develop his mind
Forever in the news the community views him
Only as Air Hoodlum

"I don't understand it, the kid coulda been another Jordan!"Embed
(Flavor Flav)
Yeah that's right, y'all better act like you know
Shit is gettin critical (in all the nations)
Shit is gettin crazy, that's right (all the lands)
Y'all better listen yo shit is blazin G
Shit is blazin, that's right, I'm tryin to let y'all know...
Soldiers of the future
We are approachin with to be Earth's last battle
The war fever's on the rise
The lives of many are in the hands of fate
Armageddon is the destiny we await
In the trenches of the ghettos we meditate
Developin our defense, I'm gettin tense
I hear the bombs of time tickin
As the smoke of fear thickens in the air
I cock my Glock and give thanks
For the peace that will exist, when this war is over
Revolutions, revelations will be revealed
Babylon has fallen, now time to build , labwars
(Chuck D)
When I spit at the government bombs like Saddam hit
Make you flip to the music with your shit half-lit
Harder than time and convicts
Rhymes never be basic, afraid of the dark
Twenty-five to the L, no I just can't face it
Need a mill for two passports and face-lifts
Ain't tryin to see handcuffs and steel bracelets
Twisted politics, high speed chases
On the races, locked down places
Prophet of rages, reincarnation as gauges
Set to show off in the blazes
Revolution, revelation, resurrection stages
Raw like wild dogs locked up in the cages
And my brain cell with ice picks under the floor
Plottin the war I'll sign a Shakur for sure
Revisited, hear the shorties be quizzin it
Geronimo Pratt, politically incarcerated cats
I dwell on all the black males doin time
And got me wanderin who invented motherfuckin crime
Goin in a tantrum lyrical fits
Spread like cancer on tracks that hit
Feel the pulse in the boom in the night song
Rally up all the people like a Farrakhan
Spittin words that'll send em back to Peningon
Hittin cats in the head out in Lebanon
Through the New World order I'mma carry on
Hittin brothers with jewels they can grow on
More than wack videos in a dance song
If you don't believe it so long and so on
So on, prove the player haters so wrong
I don't care who the fuck is out there yeah
My militant mind stay guerilla zone
Shorties feelin me in the chest like a silicone
Get ya home with a honeycomb
Go to any Coast I'mma bet ya I'mma bust chrome
Once again in Terrordome I'll show em
My Mics come equipped with chips and fax modems
Got the facts and rewrote them
2001, 2002, what's it gonna do?
What's it gonna do, gonna do?
You might also like(Chorus: Chuck D)
Revelations 33 1/3 revolutions
No solutions, labwars, bulletproofin
Revelations 33 1/3 revolutions
No solutions, labwars, bulletproofin
Revelations 33 1/3 revolutions
No solutions, labwars, bulletproofin
(Professor Griff)
Age was created in the lab
Small pox created in the lab
Beats too marks created on the AB
The futuristic thinks, BIO pass
(Sister Souljah)
In nine hundred and ninety eight
We gonna take down the head of state
And demonstrate non-stop resistance
It is time, time for a drastic change
Time to retaliate and wake up
I've had enough, enough of the lies
Enough of the destruction, information and corruption's
False religions, doctors and puddy compoundin and who gets in trouble?
And I won't stop no, no
No more violence, no, no, no more injustice
And no more two-face politicians who stab you in the back
Plus, mother is too long and I'm densing
And I'll attack and I won't hold back
I'm gonna trouble you, hold you and squeeze you
Until the truth is told
You can keep your man-made diseases
And your welfare reform, housing projects
Penitentiaries, fake genitals that ain't never really included me
Nothin' can stop us, not even death (*echoes*)
(Chorus: Chuck D)
Revelations 33 1/3 revolutions
No solutions, labwars, bulletproofin
Revelations 33 1/3 revolutions
No solutions, labwars, bulletproofin
Revelations 33 1/3 revolutions
No solutions, labwars, bulletproofin
Revelations 33 1/3 revolutions
No solutions, labwars, bulletproofin
Revelations 33 1/3 revolutions
No solutions, labwars, bulletproofin
Revelations 33 1/3 revolutions
No solutions, labwars, bulletproofin
Revelations 33 1/3 revolutions
No solutions, labwars...5Embed
You've got to get off my back (Get off my back!)

The monkey ain't no joke
So you want to mess with the coke
Boy oh boy oh boy oh boy
The monkey ain't no joke
You better leave 'em alone
He's home grown, he's the cyclone
He's the moan, groan, Capone, the clone
The broken bone tone

You've got to get off my back (Get off my back!)
You've got to get off my back (Get off my back and let me breathe!)

We got the real Flavor Flav
Gettin' down with the sound
And he's tellin' you to get off his back
(Hey!)
We got the real Flavor Flav
Gettin' down with the sound
And he's tellin' you to get off his back
You might also like
The monkey ain't no joke
So you want to mess with the coke
Boy oh boy oh boy oh boy
The monkey ain't no joke
You better leave 'em alone
He's home grown, he's the cyclone
He's the moan, groan, Capone, the clone
The broken bone tone
He's on your back, gives you no slack
Don't give me no flack!
Because I know
Toe to toe, go to go
He's on my back (Get off my back!)
Get off my back!
Get off my back and let me sing!

We got the real Flavor Flav
Gettin' down with the sound
And he's tellin' you to get off his back
(Hey!)
We got the real Flavor Flav
Gettin' down with the sound
And he's tellin' you to get off his back
Asalaam alaikum
And that's the way we take 'em
And if we got to frisk you down
Then that's the way we shake 'em

We got the real Flavor Flav
Gettin' down with the sound
And he's tellin' you to get off his back
We got the real Flavor Flav
Gettin' down with the sound
And he's tellin' you to get off his back

The monkey ain't no joke
So you want to mess with the coke
Boy oh boy oh boy oh boy
The monkey ain't no joke
You better leave 'em alone
He's home grown, he's the cyclone
He's the moan, groan, Capone, the clone
The broken bone tone
He's on your back, gives you no slack
Don't give me no flack!
Because I know
Toe to toe, go to go
He's on my back (Get off my back!)
You've got to get off my back (There you go!)
You've got to get off my back (Hah-hah... Uh!)
You've got to get off my back
You've got to get off my back (Get off my back, homie)
You've got to get off my back Embed
Yo, Chuck, bust a move, man
I was on my way up here to the studio
Ya know what I'm sayin'?
And this brother stopped me and asked me, "Yo, wassup with that brother, Chuckie D? He swear he nice"
I said "Yo, the brother don't swear he's nice, he knows he's nice"
Ya know what I'm sayin'?
So Chuck, I got a feelin you turning him into a Public Enemy, man
Now remember that line you was kicking to me
On the way out to LA Laurelton Queens?
While we was in the car on our way to the Shop?
Well yo, right now kick the bass for them brothers
And let 'em know
What goes on!

Rolling Stones of the rap game, not bragging
Lips bigger than Jagger, not saggin'
Spell it backwards, I'ma leave it at that
That ain't got nothing to do with rap
Check the facts, expose those cats
Who pose as heroes and take advantage of blacks
Your government's gangster, so cut the crap
A war going on so where y'all at?
"Fight the Power" comes great responsibility
'F the Police' but who's stopping you from killing me?
Disaster, fiascos over a loop by P.E
If it's an I instead of we believing TV
Spitting riches, bitches, and this new thing about snitches
Watch them asses move as the masses switches
System dissed them but barely missed her
My sole intention to save my brothers and sisters
You might also like
Hard (Get up!)
Just like dat
Hard (Get up!)
Just like dat
Hard (Get up!)
Just like dat
Hard (Get up!)
Just like dat

Yeah, that's right Chuck, man
That's what you gotta do
You got to tell 'em "Just like dat," ya know what I'm sayin?
Cause yo, lemme tell you a lil something man
These brothers runnin around, hard-headed!
They get a lil jealous, you know what I'm sayin?
Just like that! You know, they try to bring you down wit 'em
But yo, Chuck, you got to tell 'em, "Just like dat!"

Screamin gangsta twenty years later
Of course endorsed while consciousness faded
New generation believin them fables
"Gangster Boogie" on two turntables
Show no love so it's easy to hate it
Desecrated while the coroner waited
Any given Sunday, so where y'all rate it?
Wit slavery, lynchin, and them drugs infiltrated
I'm like that doll Chucky, baby
Keep comin back to live, love life like I'm crazy
Keep it movin Rising to the Top
Doug Fresh clean livin you don't stop
Revolution means change, don't look at me strange
So I can't repeat what other rappers be sayin
You don't stand for something, you fall for anything
Harder than you think, it's a beautiful thing
Hard (Get up!)
Just like dat
Hard (Get up!)
Just like dat
Hard (Get up!)
Just like dat
Hard (Get up!)
Just like dat

Yeah, that's right Chuck, man
That's what you gotta do
You got to tell 'em, "Just like dat," ya know what I'm sayin?
Cause yo, lemme tell you a lil something man
These brothers runnin around, hard-headed!
They get a lil jealous, you know what I'm sayin?
Just like that! You know, they try to bring you down wit 'em
But yo, Chuck, you got to tell 'em, "Just like dat!"

So it's time to leave you a preview
So you too can review what we do
Twenty years in this business, How You Sell Soul?
G-Wiz, people bear witness
Thank you for lettin us be ourselves
So don't mind me if I repeat myself
These simple lines be good for your health
To keep them crime rhymes on the shelf
Live love life like you just don't care
Five thousand leaders never scared
"Bring the Noise," it's 'the moment they feared'
Get up! Still a beautiful idea
Hard (Get up!)
Just like dat
Hard (Get up!)
Just like dat
Hard (Get up!)
Just like dat
Hard (Get up!)
Just like dat

(Get up!)
Throw yo hands in the air
Get up and show no fear!
Get up if y'all really care!
P.E. 20 years, now get up!!

Yeah, that's right, we Public Enemy #1 in New York
Public Enemy #1 in Philly, Public Enemy #1 in D.C
Public Enemy #1 in Cleveland, Ohio (we're harder than you think)
Also we're Public Enemy #1 in St. Louis
(It's a beautiful thing) Public Enemy #1 in New Jersey
And bust it, we also Public Enemy #1 in Cincinnati, (we're harder than you think)
And Atlanta, even Public Enemy #1 in Chicago, Public Enemy #1 in Detroit
(It's a beautiful thing) Public Enemy #1 in Oakland
(We're harder than you think) Public Enemy #1 in Baltimore
Public Enemy #1 in Miami, Public Enemy #1 in Indiana
Also Public Enemy #1 in L.A. (it's a beautiful thing... indeed)
Also Public Enemy #1 in Alabama, y'all (we're harder, than you think!)
Public Enemy #1 in Tennesee, Public Enemy #1 in Mississippi
The Carolinas

Just like dat
Just like dat
Just like dat19Embed

We like those gangsta rhymes
Just make sure they don't corrupt our minds
These rappers kill and thieve
A lot of times it's only make believe

Once upon a time, not long ago
A rapper got shot, and no one knows
Who pulled the trigger on the kid and laid him in his grave
And after the prayers and the street parade
Shit got forgot, and now he's dead
And all the fans loved everything he said
So understand this, you don't wanna miss
Sex, drugs, and violence

We like those gangsta rhymes
Just make sure they don't corrupt our minds
These rappers kill and thieve
A lot of times it's only make believe

Ayy yo, once upon a time in Jamaica, Queens
An icon gets shot, and no one knew what it means
It was just another murder scene, but let's get on with the bling bling
Ching-ching and half naked chicks that can't sing
Murder weapon, never found, police, never around
The respect, the intellect, and the suspect all out of town
It's all out of bounds. KRS, Chuck D makin our rounds, man
While they takin us down, man
We're takin you down. I got another new sound
It's really an old sound, but you know how me and Chuck get down
We got peace, love, unity, and having the fun
But you all want sex, drugs, violence 101
(Here it is, bam!)
Stop being a little boy with a little toy, stand up and be a man
Now you see the plan, from west to east
Instead of sex, drugs, and violence we got love, purpose, and peace
We be hurtin' the least, we be workin, no seats
Bringing it to America like Geronimo and Cochise
Get that, but make sure when you spit rap
If you ain't really ready to die, yo, don't spit that!
You might also like
We like those gangsta rhymes
Just make sure they don't corrupt our minds
These rappers kill and thieve
A lot of times it's only make believe

Once upon a time I was on Long Island
A man got shot and he wasn't smilin'
He was bleedin' from his guts, yo
A policeman was sittin' and he drove up on the spot, yo
Now when police light came on
When the man died, who was the blame on?
Wasn't me. Not you
I didn't kill nobody 'cause my records don't do that
I make the records for the kids
Gangsta rap flippin' people's kid's lids

We like those gangsta rhymes
Just make sure they don't corrupt our minds
These rappers kill and thief
A lot of times it's only make believeEmbed
Huffed and he puffed, Huffed and he puffed
Blew tha house down Now how dat sound
Never no never
Give up gotta gotta live up To my name
Triple double in da rap game
Cause I ain't goin niggatronic
Smart e nuff to know I ain't bionic
Wit my main man Harry Not Connick
Rather rap my black ass off
Getcha hooked on phonics
Good e nuff to know no endo
Thru it out tha window Along wit tha Super Nintendo
I'm a strict daddy Got dat right
God damn right
But have a good time/Dyn-o-mite
Its just that I don't talk
That same ol crap (shit)
Cause papa got a brand new Bag fulla rap (hitz)


My main knick knack paddy wack
C'mon  give a damn
Confrontational man Iz what I am Iz what I am
I'm tearin down da house that Jack built
Cause he killt whoever he wanted & hunted
And tax the backs of the environment macks
Who plan in da silence of the skams
A world dat won't work No more/no more
Mother earth gets treated like a whore
The world don't work no more no more
The world won't work no more
Ain't gonna woek no more no more
You might also like
And he doeth great wonders
So that he maketh fire come
Down from heaven on the earth
In sight of men
Toms to the left of me
Bombin to the right
World good night
He got destruction
In his appetite
On a platter a planet
To him it doesn't matter
3-2 at the plate
Up go the greedy batter
Environmental alarm
To all not some
Good God
Cause we don't get two of em
I was told that oil & water don't mix
But the new world order
Got a disorder
& so I diss
Cuss my disgust
If I must
One earth is da birth outta all of us
And so I diss
After the math
Disaster wit a European autograph
I
Gonna be bedlam
If he get em
Da trigga is cocked
Nowhere to flock
II
Gonna be bedlam
If he get em
Pass da word
F what you heard
III
Gonna be bedlam
If he get em
Glock is cocked
Now drop da props
Gonna be bedlam
If we get em
The day the whole world couldn't do it
Repent
Oh no!
Check the preacher what he spent
One way ticket to God to fix scars
Woman & man runnin the land sea & air poor
Do we all go the way of the dinosaur? or
To hell & back attack
The new clear fog got us sniffin like
Atomic dogs
Pocket fulla pimp daddy moves
Put a code on a can
Whatta hell of a man, shootin
Trigga pollution, planet prostitution
Uprootin da third
We go to the way of the bird
Can't do whatcha want to da place
Don't waste my place
Where you from?
We only got oneEmbed
Album:  Muse Sick N Hour Mess Age
Song:   I Stand Accused
I see I'm peeking out ready to rumble
So now I'm speaking out
Against those
That flip the way the story goes
One never knows
Who be flippin the script
Whatever the traitors name
My aim is dunk em like
I'm Chris Webber
So many phony smilin faces
Traces of slander
Got em comin outta funny places
I had it an hear em
Talkin loud behind my back
What was good for the hood
Is what they say is wack
I take the stabbin & grin
When I'm hit
Cause I know the suckas smile
When I leave em
What I'm comin wit
You might also likeI can't complain about the money
Although the suckas in the back
They talkin shit
An laughin like its somethin funny
I aim to make changes
An never change
Unless its for the better
Cause I always been a go better
Clean hustler
Rhyme instead of muscle ya
Born when ya thinkin I'm gone
The terror era is on...
I stand accused
To the crews
I paid my dues
I stand accused
I refuse
To stand and lose
I stand accused
To the news
I kick da blues
I stand accussed
I refuse
I hear em talkin & walkin
Behind my back I'm attacked
Fuck the knife in the back
Cause it feels like they got an axe
Yeah I can dig it wit a shovel
I never dig dirt wit the devil
Instead I'm on that other level
But I took time to reach down
To help the black & brown
I never stood around
I hear em talkin behind
My mind
In a ocean of sharks
And a back full a hackmarks
They say I'm fallin off
Yeah, they better call it off
& get muscle
& find another hustle quick
Sick n tired of critics
But I can take a hit
I'm all man
Alley oopin the vocal on jams
But they dont know it
They can blow it
& take a puff of dis joint
I see I'm kissin it  off the cuff
Behind the back
I'm pullin axes and blades out the arms & the legs
Still my fellas get paid
The terror era is on
Fuck a critic/fuck fuck a critic
All the fuckin critics
Can get the did dit
All a fuckin critic does is
Draw a fuckin line
Cross a line and dis my rhyme
& then they ass is mine
If you find a critic dead
Remember what I said
Who killed a critic
Guess the crew did it
Say paybacks a crazy ass message
Sent to the writers who criticize
They're fuckin wit afreedom fighter
Who raises flags
& dragged the klan in bodybags
I hung em up in Missisippi & bum fuck
This is Chuck so what the hell
You think I did it for
To open doors from Carolina to Arkansas
And lemme let em I met em
I told my boys forget em
An what they did got rid of me
Negative
But 94 got stunts & blunts in da mix
I hear the crowd fallin vic
To old ghetto tricks
But if I wasn't your cousin
Wed leave em in the dozens
Of sellin out & bellin out
Half pint 40 ounce
Announce to the rest
We had a fall out
I never took a drink
Never took a hit or bribe
Or got spread by what a silly
Rumor said
Never sang or gang banged
Sold out or rented hip hop
Cause I know when to stopEmbed
I'm keepin' a cool head, smart and calculated
Tell the skinheads what I said and they hate it
One dumb move they make a mistake, a turnover
And it's over
Shoulda thought silly rabbit, those habits a-getcha
Runnin whitcha life
So what some sucker snuck inside a knife
But I'm checkin' it out back from afar you know
Theyll never know I'm backin' up and jettin' to my car

Before they steal it, watch me ride an wheel it
Ooh child, here it comes now (I can feel it)
Inspiration from the situation
Flowing to what I know an...

This ain't nothin' but another headline statistic
Two brothers, but one went ballistic
Now I'm chillin' beside my ride, pulled over the side
Five-O ran a check, now how the hell am I suspect?You might also likeEmbed
Are you ready?

Son
Up, down on the corner, uptown
Up, down on the corner, uptown

I turn around and hear the sound of voices
Talkin bout who's goin' to die next
'Cause the white man's got a God complex
Tellin niggas screamin for help (help me, help me, help me, help
Me)
Nigga go make your own help, shit you need it
I turn around and hear the sound of jukeboxes playin' in bars
Pimps parked outside in big pretty Flavor Flav cars
Cleaner than a broke dick dog, sittin in a big fine frog
Dressed very fine and fly in their Calvin Kani
No matter how you flex
Yo Jim
They'll die next
Cause the white man's got a God complex

Uptown on the corner
Uptown on the corner
Uptown on the corner
Uptown on the corner
You might also like
Hey brother what you sport my man
I got just the thing for you
Only cause you're 10 and 2
What ya gonna do baby
I got black ones
Brown ones
Red ones
Yellow ones
I even got a white one
If you want to buy some
Yeah
That's right
2 5 8 play it straight
Got it all worked out
I know what I'm talkin bout
Yo I been readin my dream books
So I ain't no way the kid is gonna get took
Nigga what you mean
I didn't hit
Nigga
You full of shit
Nigga
Lick the ice (uh)
Now 7
Come on be nice and hit 11
Well what do you know
It's lil Joe
Ey my man
Got twenty dollars eh lil Joe don't blow
Ah baby needs a new pair of shoes
Ah pappas got the funky blues
Ah mamma plays the crosswords in the news
Sorry nigga you lose
The line forms to the rear lady muther fuck your welfare check
Cause the white man's got a God complex
Uptown on the corner
Uptown on the corner
Uptown on the corner
Uptown on the corner

Mr. Stein elevating a friend
But is proud to be mine
But you just want to cheat me cause I ain't your kind
Damn
I'm so poor
I don't know what the hell I'mma do anymore
Not from this day to the next
Cause the white man's got a God complex
(vamp out)Embed
"An outrage as a rap music group called Public Enemy... But these days, America is on a hair-trigger, and Public Enemy is taking some incoming fire on its own. It is music that is becoming more and more popular, so you should decide for yourself: is this art, or dangerous propaganda?"

Hold it, hold it! This is serious business, serious business, serious business! I don't stop time and again, y'all! Ninety-three, you know me! Operation Taxin' Station in the Nation! Serious business, you know me! Tie 'em 'round the neck, light the match, and go like this
"Yeah!"

Here a track I found underneath, findin' beats is a treat
And I don't care if it top, pop
Abracadabra can't keep a tab a
This stickin' around like D and it stuck, Chuck
Into a mode, unloadin', pop, pop, pop
Go the weasels that dropped from the hip-hop
Kissin' the bass beats good bye, goin', goin', gone (Goin', goin', gone!)
I keep it flowin' on
I'm like a lemon, I ain't livin' like a lime, here's a line to those
Here's a rose keep the casket closed
Gone and in check, the next is from the X
Wrecked and affected by the rest, huh!
How I'm gonna go, I gotta flow 'cause they figured I'm a goner
Tie goes to the runner

Tie goes to the runner, tie goes to the runner
Tie goes to the runner, tie goes to the runner
Tie goes to the runner, tie goes to the runner
Tie goes to the runner, tie goes to the runner
Tie goes to the runner, tie goes to the runner
Tie goes to the runner, tie goes to the runner
You might also like
Politickin', I be wreckin', I reckon he's the electrician
Pullin' switches on brothers who be in disposition
I never got along with the long arm of the law
I saw where they place the hardcore (Yo!)
To them, it doesn't matter where it splatter
Our blood from the bullet, not ballot, I vote for Jim Brown
I know it don't rhyme, does it matter that he in fact he won't find
Excuses inside of Murphy Brown?
I'm on a level livin' low, here we go, I know
If this was Africa, I'd try to give a necktie
To those runnin' and lyin', disguisin'
Three guys, surprise, ayy yo
Tie goes to the runner

Tie goes to the runner, tie goes to the runner
Tie goes to the runner, tie goes to the runner
Tie goes to the runner, tie goes to the runner
Tie goes to the runner, tie goes to the runner
Tie goes to the runner, tie goes to the runner
Tie goes to the runner, tie goes to the runner

One more time! One more time!
One more time! One more time!
One more time! One more time!
One more time! One more time!
Not surprised at all about the riot zone
And I moan, "I wish they leave me alone, yo" (Yo!)
This was predicted, not self-inflicted
By the rap outta the 'hood, they picked it good
Hittin' heavy critical aim at all the phony names
Prezzes, VPs, embezzlers who gettin' voted mayor
Lookin' at 'em with a evil eye, why lie?
I don't buy the fly look as the fall guy
I'm livin' low across the tracks
Politicians who stickin' had better watch their backs
In another long hot summer
Tie goes to the runner

Tie goes to the runner, tie goes to the runner
Tie goes to the runner, tie goes to the runner
Tie goes to the runner, tie goes to the runner
Tie goes to the runner, tie goes to the runner
Tie goes to the runner, tie goes to the runner
Tie goes to the runner, tie goes to the runner

And I quote, I freak the notes
I double the dose and all she wrote
Devour got the power of a double, man
Get excited, just don't bite it, you in trouble, man
Got a rhythm to ride, a rhyme to side
A thought provoke 'cause I don't joke
Here's a brother with an attitude, don't get me rude
Chew it up, was up it's like food, yo!Embed

"Jesus is the best thing to happen to the game since the tennis shoe was invented."

On the outs I lace up, the world I face up
To score on anybody, it's war on everybody
The new guys come in bloodshot between the eyes
As long as they sellin' that merchandise
Air One, what goes in, don't come back
The color might be green, but it's also black
And red I know many heads that spent bloodshed
Cursed in Converses, dead in Pro Ked's
Now every Tom, Dick, Harry, or Joe Smith
Skip the Spaulding's, Pony's, and K-Swiss
High school and college coaches
Gettin' dollas with kickbacks and scholarships, them slave ships

Converses for the pro's, kids with Fila's
Reebok, Nike's, New Balance, my Adidas
And part of that clique, spendin' all the cheddar on kicks
BS in the politics
Politics of them sneaker pimps
Politics of them sneaker pimps
Politics of them sneaker pimps
Politics of them sneaker pimps
You might also like
Hey, Dr. J, where you got those moves?
Was it gettin' high in the school? Can it be the shoes?
Truth is truth, I tear the fuckin' roof off the house
Expose them foes with my mouth
I see corporate hands up in foreign lands
With the man behind the man gettin' paid behind the man
I hold the rocket, stop the hand in my pocket
Two hundred a pair, but I'm addicted to the gear
They make me do things on the court to amaze ya
I heard they made 'em for a buck eight in Asia
They came a long way baby since Clyde Frazier had Puma's
Pullin' mad consumers
Them Fila's I'm feelin', but I can't touch the ceilin'
Them New Balance hits a hundred-twenty million
The last thing I need is Adidas terminatin' my contract
For wearin' those old pair of wack
Reebok low tops covered up by floppy socks
Gave me a jump shot before I got jumped and shot
Duckin' a word from my sponsor
Trying to end my year like Kwanzaa

Converses for the pro's, kids with Fila's
Reebok, Nike's, New Balance, my Adidas
And part of that clique, spendin' all the cheddar on kicks
BS in the politics
Politics of them sneaker pimps
Politics of them sneaker pimps
Politics of them sneaker pimps
Politics of them sneaker pimps
Been paid since the eighth grade
Eleventh grader, huh, pop the champagne
Twelfth grade, start the campaign
Gettin' fame, sign my name in the dotted frame
Nike got me pullin' Re's and G's
Shit, I can get shot for these
Please God, give me twenty more years in these knees
To maintain without this game, I gotta do keys
Now I don't wanna go there 'cause its fuckin' everywhere
Factories wanna see me, kids wanna be me
Behind the wheels and endorsement deals
It's the politics and the tricks behind the kicksEmbed
"Five hundred years ago one man claimed to have discovered a new world. Five centuries later, we the people are forced to celebrate a Black Holocaust."
"How can you call a takeover a discovery?"

Mass murderer, this side of the planet
Most people take it for granted, five hundred and two, and still doin'
Give a reason I'm hatin', October celebratin'
The dead of the black the brown and red
Sick and tired of being sick and tired
Don't jump to conclusions before I clear the confusion
Ashes to ashes, dust to dust
I'm talkin bout' Columbus, hit me off

"I don't hate nobody"
But this day's as crazy as Hitler Day
"I don't hate nobody"
But this day's as crazy as Hitler day (crazy)
"I don't hate nobody"
But this day's as crazy as Hitler Day
"I don't hate nobody"
But this day's as crazy as Hitler Day (crazy)

Hangin' heads and snappin' necks
Splittin' up kin, makin' families wrecked
Turned this planet to a sewer
Provin' to all just a lil' grab, will do ya'
Or do us, so my disgust
Got credit from the ones that read it
Ain't blind to the fact of a wack headline
And if you didn't, pay the paper no mind
You might also like
That's how I feel
(That's how you feel?)
That's how I feel
(That's how you feel?)
That's how I feel
(That's how you feel?)
That's how I feel
Yo, shit is mad real

"I don't hate nobody"
But this day's as crazy as Hitler Day
"I don't hate nobody"
But this day's as crazy as Hitler Day (crazy)

My, my, my, my
Celebrate my
Good old days go by

Some thanks for the givin' when times are hard
And some got the nerve to pray to God
It ain’t about that turkey that get me sick
It’s that take from the Indian trick
Lookin' pretty grim when they takin' the pill
From the slavin' sucker seekin' somethin' to kill
Now he got a day to celebrate, ain't that a trip
Cause the Indians ain't got shit
Let em know, let em know (Tell 'em 'bout it, now)
("I don't hate nobody")
Let em know, let em know
("I don't hate nobody")
Let em know, let em know (Tell 'em 'bout it, now)
("I don't hate nobody")
Let em know

May 31st when it comin' it hurts
Remember the dead and it makes me curse
When they don't include 100 million of us black folks
That died in the bottom of boats
I can carry on 'bout the killin' till dusk and dawn
But war ain't the reason they gone

Fourth of July, a goddamn lie
When did we ever get a piece of the pie?
I gotta whole day comin' without no pay
Cause a job can't gimme no play
Even had enough I huff and puff
At brothers sellin' the stuff
I'm takin' in Washington's, Lincolns, and not their birthdays
Payback for 'em makin' us slaves
And that is real
(That's how you feel)
And that is real
(That's how you feel)
And that is real
(That's how you feel)
And that is real
Shit is mad real

"I don't hate nobody"
But this day's as crazy as Hitler Day
"I don't hate nobody"
But this day's as crazy as Hitler Day (crazy)
"I don't hate nobody"
But this day's as crazy as Hitler Day
"I don't hate nobody"
But this day's as crazy as Hitler Day (crazy)

"I don't hate nobody"
"I don't hate nobody"
"I don't hate nobody"
"I don't hate nobody"
"We don't hate nobody because of their color—we hate oppression"Embed
"I can't believe it ain't butter!"
Uh! Yeah!
"Question, America: is this America, the land of the free and the brave?"
Come on, now!
Tell 'em 'bout it now! Uh, yeah!
"I pledge allegiance to the flag of the United States of America"
Oh, yeah!
"It ain't nothin' but a"

Don't you know? We got so much soul
You can damn near see it, spinnin' on a forty-five
I've come to the conclusion to clear the confusion
My point is to rock the funky joint
Don't you know? I got tangled in the star-spangled banner
In the middle of Alabama?
Or was it Tennessee or Arkansas?
New York and Cali got the same amount of race rallies
I know they wanna hang me straight around the neck
So I'm knockin' off the hand checks
When you ask me what it is, what it is?
Here it is, it ain't nothin' but a song

Krackas, killas, kidnappas
The KKK tries to blame it on the rappas
They don't count the ones that bounce to the forty ounce
Or the runts that get stunted by the blunts
This time, I'm gonna take it down the line
To the ones that are ready, they be holdin' it steady
When a song so wrong, so many be singin' it
Strangled, tangled, caught in a spangled
Banner, got 'em on that camera
Stars I'm seein' from a beatdown in a slamma
"Oh, say can you see?" But you can't
Uncle Sammy, he wears the pants
Tom's bitch when he's swingin' a switch
Rather stick the poor up and give it to the rich
I always thought that power
Was to the people, we the people
Ah, see, we ain't the people
You might also like
When I pledge allegiance, I shoulda got a sticka
First grade, second grade, I shoulda just kicked a
Verse, the worst in the middle of class
Instead of singin' bout bombs like a dumbass
Land of the free, home of the brave
And hell with us niggas, we slaves
That shoulda been the last line
Of a song that's wrong from to get
So when everybody stand, I sit

The red is for the blood that we shed as a people
The blue is for those sad ass songs that we be singin' in church to blues
While the White man's heaven is the Black man's hell
The stars is what we saw when our ass got beat
Stripes is for the whip marks in our back
The white is for the obvious, ain't no black in that flag (That's bullshit, word up, G)
Land of the free, home of the slavesEmbed
I ain't mad at all
Bought a fat jam to make you flip the script
Don't want to sleep and misbehave
I ain't from around here
Understand what I'm saying
I'm all about makin some fat louies
So I can buy my kids
Motorcycles, candybars, Peter Paul
Flavor Flav, he ain't mad at all
Boy
Poppa's got a brand new flav so once
Again here we go
I ain't mad at all
Poppa's got a brand new flav so once
Again here we go
I ain't mad at all
Poppa's got a brand new flav so once
Again here we go
What you know?
Poppa's got a brand new flav so once
Again here we go
You might also likeWhat you know
What you know bout that, boy?
Noodles, neon noodles
On a fifth chillin with a toy
He's chillin
Thought he had a pit bull
Eating brussel sprouts but he had a big bite
He tried to bite me
He tried to get me
I turned around and I
Hit him with my bike
They picked me up
Put me in a wagon
The bottom fell out and my ass start draggin
Who put the cuffs on Flava
Why you gonna go and do that
He's the Flavor mack
I ain't mad at all
Who put the cuffs on Flava
Why you gonna go and do that
He's the Flavor mack
Yo check out my honey ho's
Sing that shit gee
There's a Flavor Flav
So what your girlie
Before she wanna sneak out early
Cause on the di
Flavor snatched her up
First there was superfly
But Flavor's got more style
And you can't tell because your crackin up
Let me hear you say...
Kick it, Kick it
I ain't mad at all (xg)
I got the feeling I got to tell ya
You be a star
And the man try to jail ya'
I don't pollute
So why should I give a hoot
You ask
Why you livin foul
Na na na na na na
Why they wanna keep me down?
Cause you got Flavor workin day and night
Why you wanna play me
Like fried ice cream
Give me nightmares
Can't never have a nice dream
I feel like bustin' loose
Bustin' loose
Give me a break y'all
You can try to cop my style
But Flavor Flav got too much on file
Boyee
I don't wanna go but I can't stay here no more
I ain't mad at all
Yeah, yeah, yeah
You flatlini'n, you flatlinin' you know what I'm sayin'
Get the cars, kick it
Who put the cuffs Flava
Why you gonna go and do that
Who put the cuffs Flava
I ain't mad at all
Who put the cuffs Flavor Flav
I ain't mad at all... (repeat)1Embed
Ya took me from a place Where the race didn't matter
And gathered up bodies Without a choice So I rather
Pass my opinion back Run ya over
With my rack an pinion Never stop the engine
For watcha fathers did do the indian
North & south America Plus the Carribbean
I got a vendetta Cause I know better
Better come right Better black than a stereotype white
No cash flow wit out work
I'm talkin about the past You busted our ass
Now you afraid cause I never got paid
Now sucka jump
No You can't take whatcha want
Chorus
You can't take whatcha want
Cause ya took whatcha want
Can't get away cause we got it on tape
You can't take whatcha want
Cause ya took whatcha want
Thin line between law & rape (scream)

You can't take whatcha want Dont cha know
We ain't got nuttin left Cause you took the rest
We ain't got jazz rock n' roll rappin the lose
Wit a few fat ladies left singing the blues
Go abracadabra to make a wish I can mess with
Wonder why I'm underneath a crew I can't get with
I never knew land was an acquisition
BS from the best man in position
And come again with it and get hit like a punk
No, you can't take whatcha want
You might also likeChorus 2X
Break
You can't take whatcha want
I open up the trunk
I see your phony ass
Try to counterfeit funk
From land to land

To sea to sea
Allover got the other man
Messin wit me
Took the motherland
Made a slave out of my mother and man
Got a good man
Sayin goddamn
And to hell with
Back in the days
Unless we go way back
To the black ways
Always
Watch your back
If ya crooked dont front
You can't take whatcha want
Chorus 2X
We died on the line
We walk the fine line he talked a good lineEmbed

Talkin' that drive-by shit
Everybody talkin' that gangsta shit
Talkin that drive-by shit
Everybody talking that gangsta shit
Slaves to the rhythm of the master
Buck boom buck, another neighborhood disaster
Drummer hit me one

A gun is a gun is a mothafuckin' gun
But an organized side keep a sellout nigga on the run
What you gonna do to get paid?
Step on the rest of the hood 'til the drug raid
See you runnin' like roaches
Black gangstas need track coaches
The white law set you up raw
When you have his trust in killin' us

Talkin' that gat talk, walkin' that catwalk
Talkin' that gat talk, walkin' that catwalk
Where you tryin' to go with that?
Don't even go there with that rap
Guns, drugs, and money, all you know how
So what'cha gonna do now?
You might also like
I'm 'bout ready to bounce
Trouble on the corner of Blunt Ave and forty ounce
Mad uncivilized lifestyles
Thirty years bids for kids, now that's wild
I'm raisin my child, I'm steppin' to the curb
With a sign, "Do not disturb!"
Too much don't give a fuck or a damn thing
But choose what the other man bring
I sing a song cause I see wrong
Ya goddamn right
I'm not down with the "Fee Fi Fo" where I come from
See, the brothers ain't dumb
Sense goes over nonsense
When it makes no sense, I'm throwin' up the fence
Now ask yourself cool
What good is the hood if ya actin' a fool?

So whatcha gone do now?
So whatcha gone do?
So whatcha gone do now?
So whatcha gone do?

Talkin' that gat talk, walkin' that catwalk
Talkin' that gat talk, walkin' that catwalk
Where you tryin' to go with that?
Don't even go there with that rap
Guns, drugs, and money, all you know how
So what'cha gonna do now?
"The only good nigga is a dead nigga"
That's what they used to say (What they used to say)
Can't understand why a man gotta use a trigger on his own
Supposed to act grown
Cracker in the back
Watch a brother pull a trigger on another brother (Damn)
Couldn't shoot and shot a mother
Four kids alone home
Ungrown and now they on they own

Talkin' that gangsta shit
Everybody talkin' that drive-by shit
Talkin that gangsta shit
Everybody talking that drive by shit

So whatcha gone do now?
So whatcha gone do?
So whatcha gone do now?
So whatcha gone do?1Embed
Everybody over here, get on up
Everybody right there, get into it
Everybody over there, get involved
Get involved, get involved
Everybody just

Microphone check, microphone check
Can I get a check up from the neck up?
Can I kick a rhyme while I'm checkin' my time?
Can I get a cure 'cause you did the crime for sure
You're probably killin' me with these shots
Tell me what I got and I'm gone
Pandemic, who did it, right? Who did it?
That's who did it, who?
World health organized, murderized
Came to the aid, got paid
Doctor, doctor in a lab, concoct a germ warfare
To the booty, I rocked it
One hundred five million goin' down in the ground
Most in the Black and the Brown, ow!
How did I catch this riddle
If I didn't crossover like a Hardaway dribble?
They blame it on some green African monkey
Now ain't that funky?
And while the clock is doin' the tickin' the tock
I didn't know that the gun is aimed and cocked
You might also like
On us, on us (Race against)
On us, on us (Race against)
On us, on us (Race against)
We're runnin' outta

Time, time, time
Time, time, time
Time, time, time
Time, time, time
Time, time, time
Time, time, time
Time, time, time
Time, time, time

Testin', one-two, testin', one-two
Can I get a blood check? Testing one-two
Can I get a witness? (Yes, you can!)
Can I get a witness? (Yes, yes, you can!) Then check it
I'm checkin' records and facts about the battle
'Tween the Indian, Japanese, the Whites and the Blacks
Germs they spread it, warfare I read it
Quote me on this again, and I said it
A bigger damage than the trigger and Glocks
The mass-murderin' masses for a blanket full of smallpox
No guarantees, gettin' lesser fees
In Tuskegee blacks got shot with disease, please
Check the time, check the rhyme
Tribe of mine, killed by the swine
Who crossed the line? Who did the crime?
The mind of a world destroyin' kind, runnin' outta

Time, time, time
Time, time, time
Time, time, time
Time, time, time
Time, time, time
Time, time, time
Time, time, time
Time, time, time

A lil' piece of my mind while we runnin' outta time
People of color goin' out like no other kind
Mad drama, genetic gettin' wreck
Protect ya neck, check the epidemic
Drug use, addiction, and murder, I heard a
Pregnancy, infant mortality
Rest in poverty, not peace
Disease till deceased
Sterilized, realized that beast
So here's a word to the wise
They got us runnin' outta
Time, time, time
Time, time, time
Time, time, time
Time, time, time
Time, time, time
Time, time, time
Time, time, time
Time, time, time1Embed
Bring it on, bring it on
Ugh!
Yeah
C'mon
I like it for it to be where the level 
Alright now
Ugh!
Yeah!
I like it  the beat where the level is at
Full fledgin' never said I'm a legend
No shuffle or shoulder shruggin'
Uncle Tommin' nickel and dime rhymin'
This renegade rippin' rugged tracks, I love it
Sorta black owned like the Denver Nuggets
Pow pow the original hard hitter is back in black
On deck with a troubleneck
Uh ha you can drink all you want
But hard don't make the liquid matter you intake
The logical, sorta psychological brother like butter
Spread to one another, Lord have mercy!
Thicker the blunt and got sicker
Once upon a rhyme all bigger
Meant was for bigga cotton picker
Leave alone the men from the mice
Who twice packs the gats, turn into dirty rats
I'm comin with the antidote, I hope they cope
To the rhythm I wrote, come again oh yes lord
Pawns in the game, goin' down the drain
Final call to my race in pain
Stop in the name (Stop in the name)
You might also likeYo Chuck, is that it?
I'm done, no title
Please, please, please
The world's biggest rap teaseEmbed

Kid: Mr., Mr., why you always tryin' to take all our money?
Old man: Because I'm the government, and you-u-u have to pay
Kid: Stop tryin' to take our money!

Yo, you gotta bust this
We want justice
From public enemy number one
To can't trust this
Like F Jim or Hyatt
Because we're sick and fuckin' tired
Of being mistreated by the undefeated
Powers in the seat that can't be beat
Probably gone is the head that make clear to the feet
The two worlds are talkin', plus crooked walkin'
Blind to the fact that the enemy is stalking
For ways for days to search United States quiet
We're not a full power cause of racial riot
In my neighborhood, we attempt to kill each other
Politics said fuck power to the brother
Be strong be righteous, don't be no sinister
I got the word from brother minister (minister)
Farrakhan speaks, and so does Muhammad
The days of Ramadan is protected, you can't harm it
My statement is the fact to the highest degree
Flavor works this style, you can't touch me
You might also likeWhat kind of power we got? (Soul power) (8X)
Bring it on (I know you got soul)

Goin' on it, get it, gotta get it on (8X)

Yo, some seek stardom
And forgot all about Harlem
Yo, Fugees
Rock the hoouuse!
Now I don't know
But tell me what you gonna do
When the ending of time comes near
Whatever you do, it's gotta be funky
I'm not tryin' to put your life in full of fear!
By the Flava skies we are flyin'
The truth we be buyin'
To buy in all the lying
How you livin'
Why you livin'
Where you livin'
It ain't got to be like that, by only givin'
It was your own choice, scratched up your Rolls Royce
Every childish friend you had was glad to rejoice
And turning in the nut, trying to make the pockets fatter
One shot in the head, everybody scatter!
The world's gonna catch on fire
A funeral pyre is the hard-headed people's desire
Every lyin' tryer will turn into a cryer
Who will just sit back, thinkin' higher and higher
Friends will always move 'til you get to barb wire
Every cop in law gets a flat tire
What kind of power we got? (Soul power) (4X)
What kind of power you got? (Soul power) (2X)
What kind of power we got? (Soul power)
Take me on

Goin' on it, get it, gotta get it on (8X)

Yo check this out
My partner Chuck D
Got all the O-Z-S of knowledge, wisdom and understanding
A-yo Chuck
Let 'em know why you the Prophet of Rap
Kick that shit, Chuck

Some people, people
Don't like the way, the way Flavor walk
Come on now, we want all the people to check it out and listen to it, listen to the man

That's my partner, my partner, ha-ha

Some people, people
Don't like the way, the way the Flavor Flav talk
But ladies and gentlemen
I like for you to know
This my main man throwing down
What kind of power we got? (Soul power)
What kind of power you want now? (Soul power)
What kind of power you need now? (Soul power)
What kind of power you got now? (Soul power)
You know you gots to have it? (Soul power)
I know you gotta have soul, ya'll? (Soul power)
I got this soul and you want some? (Soul power)
What kind of power we got now? (Soul power)
Cos I know you got soul ya'll? (Soul power)
What kind of power we got ya'll? (Soul power)
(Flava Flav: Yeah!!!!!)
I know the Flava got soul? (Soul power)
I know you gotta have soul? (Soul power)
What kind of power we got ya'll? (Soul power)
What kind of power we need ya'll? (Soul power)
Of course I know you got Flava? (Soul power)
And the Flava got soul? (Soul power)
What kind of power we got? (Soul power)

No cursing
Only versing
And if it ain't better
Then we make it worsen
All that!!!! All that!!!! All that!!!! Waah! Waah! Waah!
Rock the house ya'll
Come on!
What kind of power we got? (Soul power) (4X)

What kind of power we got ya'll? (Soul power)
I got this soul and you want some? (Soul power)
You know you gots to have it? (Soul power)
And, and the Flava got soul, ya'll? (Soul power)
Cost I know you got Flava? (Soul power)

Shockley music, rockin' o-o-on
Long Island in effect once again, BOY!
You know want I'm sayin'?
Well we ain't playin'
It's all in the message that we relayin'
Right here on the map we stayin'
You know what I'm sayin'?
S1W's in full effec'
Terminator X from turntable number 1 and turntable number 2
It's in check, BOY!
And we're the real McCoy, BOY!
It's like that, BOY!
We make you jump for joy, you know what I'm sayin'?
What kind of power we got? (Soul power)
What kind of power ya need now? (Soul power)
What kind of power we got? (Soul power)
What kind of power we got? (Soul power)1Embed

It's overtime so the lyric, they fear it
When they hear it
The flow
100 miles and runnin
And Get near it
And go
Check it out
Go
To the race
Give the drummer a taste
The bass iz commin commin
Suckas runnin from it
Damn, why you call him the man
Here I am scramm
Never ran, never fight the Black
From Iraq or Iran, who bombed Japan?
Blood on his hands
Part of a plan
He don't really believe In uhh! God damn
If it comes down to shuttin
Them down
I'm in the hood surrounded, Tell em I'm grounded
I'm on that psycho analytical
Tip if politics iz stickin to The mix like tricks
I'm one more time givin time Where the rhyme go
Elite to the street To the brothers doing death row
(So where ya at If the beat ain't fat)
Say what
You might also like
C'mon And get some
Rattle rattle Kiss and I hum
Come can you Get it on the one
C'mon pick it up Pick it at
Pack it at
Pack it up
To the black
Who be talkin
Where they at
Where they at
Wicked wild
Feelin irie
Not sorry
Get it see it written down in a diary
Same say fuck all dat Political shit
But wanna get paid when
Their brains in the low grade
Nowhere to run/here they come come
Nowhere to run/here they come come
Nowhere to run/here they come come
Nowhere to run/here they come come
Nowhere to run/here they come come

I'm a fan first
I reverse another trick verse
To the point
Where I can rock dis funky joint
In the brain game, I'm keepin my head clear
In 33 years so what
I never had a beer
I don't know what I'm missin
I'm not dissin But I know I ain't ass kissin
Time to draw the line This time the rhyme
Got da good guy goin gettin da nine
Cause I know the hoody Got it good wit the hitman
Can I get a hitman Know I'm duckin nat quicksand
The funky automatic Handlin static
Sellin out I ain't good at it
When I got bumbed I'm gonna open up
Hitt em up stone to da bone
But it ain't gotta be like that
And thats that
Can u tell me yall...what
All in wit the law
They fall in
The great white hole where they
Be sellin their soul
Never get enough
They be talkin dat roughneck shit
Be comin they quit
Fuck dat blood iz thicker
Than water shit
That shit iz counterfeit
Devil go where da shoe fit
Black mans law iz raw like Africa
You violate
Were comin after ya
They're hereEmbed
Black athletes, White agents
Black preacher, White Jesus
Black drug dealer, White government
Black entertainers, White lawyers
This is for the ones that do it
This is for the ones that tell
This is for the ones that's scared
White mans heaven is a black mans hell
This is for the ones that take em
This is for the ones that sell
This is for the ones that OD
White mans heaven is a black mans hell
This is for the ones on the corner
This is for the ones in the cell
This is for the ones under the ground
White mans heaven is a black mans hell
Black Monday, White Christmas
Black success story, White wife
Black police, White judges
Black business, White accountants
Black record company, White distribution
Black comedians, White media
Black politicians, White president
Black genocide, White world order
White man's heaven is a black man's hellYou might also likeEmbed
Little piece of my heart like Janis, no Joplin
But pure hip-hoppin' as they try to ban us
Crazy flight time, no jacket or ticket
Wilson Picket had soul fat tracks so the rappers could kick it
Alan freed the waves as much as Lincoln freed the slaves
It's here I bleed, and some bled until dead
I got the rhythm from this headbanger who used to fly high
And now he's just hangin' in the hanger
Hanging around home-less
In a city of no hope, I can't cope
And just to think, see, they used to call it dopeYou might also likeEmbed
In da middle of what?
Say what?
What's goin on?
I leave em home alone
Dey turned into danger zones
Studio shootouts, leavin no doubt
In da eyes of the wise
About the other guys
Fantasi n gettin nat rep
Makin you move
While they disturb the groove
Now the partys over ooops!
Outta time
Yo my brother can you spare a crime
Some wanna take me out
I even call em my own
(Can't we all just get along?)
Rap iz a contact sport
Can I get support
When I hum to da maximum
What I talk is straight
From da sidewalk strong
You might also likeThe velt New York
112 beatz a minute
An I'm flowin in it
Have no mercy
On da ones that curse me

And when I'm in da paint
The feuding might be over
But the fussin ain't
Some hate the way I say em
Cause I block em like
Zo to da am
Beginning of an end of an error
Incredible shrinking race
Fiend without a face
Still got love for em
But some ain't got love
For the rest of us
So my boys get iller than
Illinois (Terminator)
Return to da noise
I'd rather fall off
Than fall victim of crime
And a low percentage rhyme
If I go down they goin wit me
So come & get me...c'monEmbed
"I guarantee you, no more music by the suckers
No more music by the suckers
No more music by the suckers"

Yo, man, what do he mean by suckers, man?
Yo, we only trying to put a black eye in the game
But, yo, we gonna let you put a black eye in the game
Boy, you know what I'm sayin?
Yeeah, boy, ha ha
Cold medina, cold medina
Rocking a beat to the strength
Yeah, boy, I got a solo, boy
That's right, Flavor goin' solo
What y'all know about that?
Yo, we gonna kick the flavor like this
Yo, bust this out

I'm lamping, I'm lamping, I'm cold, cold lamping
I got Louie's boy, I'm not tramping
I just came from the crib, you know?
I'm on the go, throw your tank into metro
Live lyrics from the bank of reality
I kick the flyest dope maneuver technicality
To a dope track, you wanna hike, get your backpack
Get out the wack sack
I'm in my Flavmobile cold lamping
I took a G upstate cold camping
To the Poconos, we call a hideaways
A pack of franks and a big bag of Frito-Lays
You might also like
Flavor Flav on a hype tip
I'm your hype drink, come take a big sip
I'm in position, you can't play me out the pocket
I'll take the dopest beat you got, and I'll rock it
Like chocolate, even vanilla
Chocolate, strawberry, sarsaparilla
Flavors are electric, tryin' to get a shocker
Didn't I tell you to leave Flavor Flav alone, knocker?
A clock on my chest proves I don't 'fess
I'm a clocker rocker, rocking with the rest
Flav in the house by Chuck D's side
Chuck got the Flavor, Flav don't hide
P.E. crazy, crazy P.E
Making crazy Louie's for the shopping spree
You're eating dirt 'cause you like getting dirt from the graveyard
You put gravy on it
Then you pick your teeth with tombstone chips
Casket cover clips, dead women hips you do the bump with
Bones, nothing but love bones
Lifestyles of the living dead, first you live, then you're dead
Died trying to clock what I said
Now I got a murder rap 'cause I bust a cap with Flavor
Pure Flavor

We got Magnum Brown, Shooshki Palooshki
Supercalafragahestikalagoothki
You could put that in your don't-know-what-you-said book
Took-look-yuk-duk-wuk
Innovative ill factors by the Flavor Flav
Come and ride the Flavor wave
In any year on any given day
What a brother know, what do Flavor say?
Why do the record play that way?
Prime time merrily in the day
Right now this radio station is busy
Brain knowledgeably wizzy
Honey drippers, you say you got it
You ain't got no flavor, and I can prove it
Flavor Flav, the flav all of flavors
Onion and garlic French-fried potatoes
Make your breath stink, breathe fire
Make any onion the best crier
I know it sounds crazy, but it fits perfect
Peter perfect picked a perfect Peter
Honey dripper, sucker sipper, big dipper, sucker dripper
Dripping suckers till it's going out of style
Creating suckers for the Flavor Flav pile
Flavor Flav, the flavor of the pile
Lamping boy Medina style
Kicking the flavor, getting busy
You're going out, I think you're dizzy
I think you're hungry 'cause you're starving for Flavor
Flavor most, put it on your toast
Eat it and taste it and swallow it down
Imperial Flavor gives you the crown
Of the king called Flavor, the king of all flavors
Rolls and rolls and rolls of life savers
Flavor Flav is in everything you eat
'Cause everything you eat got flavor
Flavor Flav is the first taste you get in the morning
Your breakfast is the flavor
In between that your lunch, in between that your dinner
In between that your midnight flavor
That's right, boy2Embed
"At the count of three, I want y'all to tell me the name of my DJ. One, two, three!"
"Terminator X!"
"Yo, I gotta hear that one more time, man. One, two, three!"
"Terminator X!"
"Yeah, boy! For all those that didn't understand, Terminator X!"
"Terminator X
Ah, savior of the universe"
"Terminator X, it!"
Go, go, go, go
Go, go, go, go
Go, go, go, go
Go, go, go, go
Go, go, go, go
Go, go, go, go
"The federal government is the number one killer and destroyer of Black leaders!"

Take a look at his style (Yeah!)
Take a check of the sound off the record people keepin' him down
(Trick a chick in Miami), Terminator X packs the jams
Who gives a fuck about a goddamn Grammy?
Anyway, and I'm sayin' the D's defending the mike
Yeah, who gives a fuck about what they like, right?
The power is bold, the rhymes politically cold
No judge can ever budge or ever handle his load
Yes, the coming is near, he's about to become
The one and only missionary lord, son of a gun
Going on and on, back trackin' the whack
Explain the knack y'all for the actual fact, c'mon
You might also like
"You dope pushers, using your fame as a DJ to sell drugs!"

Terminator (Go off)
Go ahead
Terminator (Go off)
Go ahead
Terminator (Go off)
Go ahead
Terminator (Go off)
Go ahead

Go, go, go, go
Go, go, go, go
Go, go, go, go
Go, go, go, go
Go, go, go, go
Go, go, go, go

"You on the radio, how long you think we gonna allow you to get away with that foolishness?"

(They go on and on) Until he reaches the coast
Tired, wired of his own race playing him close
Understand his type of music kills the plan of the Klan
You know the pack attack the man with the palm of his hands
Police, wild beasts, dogs on a leash
No peace to reach - that's why he's packin' his black piece
Terminator X, yellin' with his hands
Damn, almighty rulin', ready to jam
But his cuts drive against the belt
(Shit) He's bad by his damn self
Yeah, his one job, cold threaten the crowd
Loud sound pound makin' brothers proud (Boy)
"Black people's minds are being controlled in unity, Black music!"

Terminator (Go off)
Go ahead
Terminator (Go off)
Go ahead
Terminator (Go off)
Go ahead
Terminator (Go off)
Go ahead

Go, go, go, go
Go, go, go, go
Go, go, go, go
Go, go, go, go
Go, go, go, go
Go, go, go, go

"You, in Black music! I'm warning you to change, your head is gonna roll!"

Gettin' small, makin' room for it all
(Flavor's on the phone, so I can make the call)
I know you're clockin' the enemy, you should be clockin' the time
Checkin' records I'm wreckin' you for defecting my rhyme
No provokin', no jokin', you know the stage is set
If you're thinkin' I'm breakin' (He ain't rocked it yet)
My education is takin' you for a long ride
I'll make your brain slip and do the (Slide)
Glide into infinity, it's infinite
With your hands in your pockets, I know your money is spent
Like this, like that, butter for the fat
(If you kill my dog, I'ma slay your cat)
It's like that y'all, can you handle it, son?
I'm Public Enemy number one
Terminator (Go off)
Go ahead
Terminator (Go off)
Go ahead
Terminator (Go off)
Go ahead
Terminator (Go off)
Go ahead

Yeah, Terminator, yeah!
Rockin' like that! Like that! Like that!
Yeah, man! Yo, that's right, boy!
Terminator X, drivin' you to the edge of panic, boy!
Yeah, that's right!
And, yo, Terminator
Let 'em know you only speak with your hands, boy!
Haha, yeah!2Embed
Somebody in the house, say, "Yeah!"
"Yeah!"
If y'all really like to rock the funky beats, somebody in the house, say, "Hell yeah!"
"Hell yeah!"
I like that for the people up top, check this out:

"Order in the court"

Yo, I can't believe they got the P.E. in court before the judge on some nonsense
I got the S1s ready
Chuck, Flav, what's up?

Get caught, now in court 'cause I stole a beat
This is a sampling sport
But I'm giving it a new name, what you hear is mine
P.E., you know the time
Now, what in the heaven does a jury know about?
Hell, if I took it, but they just look at me
Like, "Hey, I'm on a mission, check it out, y'all: condition"
Ain't right, sittin' like dynamite
Goin' to blow you up, and it just might
Blow up the bench and
Judge, the courtroom, plus, I gotta mention
This court is dismissed
When I grab the mic
Yo, Flav...
You might also like
What is this?
What y'all think y'all doin', bringin' us to court for this time to say we're stealin' beats?
Y'all can't copyright no beats, man
Yo, Chuck, is they crazy man?

Get hyped, c'mon, we gotta
Gather around - gotcha
Mail from the courts and jail
Claims I stole the beats that I rail
Look at how I'm livin' like
And they're gonna check the mike, right? - Sike
C'mon, 'cause I'm livin' now, lower than low
What a sucker know
Found this mineral that I call a beat
Paid zero
Packed the load 'cause it's better than gold
People don't ask the price, 'cause it sold
They say that I sample
But they should sample this: my pit bull
We ain't goin' for this, they say that I stole this
Can I get a witness?
Understand where we're goin'
Then listen to this, plus my Roland
Comin' from down from below
Rebound, c'mon, boost up the stereo
Snakes in the morning
Wake up scared, afraid of my warning
They claim that I'm violent
Now I choose to be silent, can I get a witness?
Yo, Griff
Move the S1s out on the judge and the jury
Hold them hostage
Time for Terminator X to step in and show 'em that he's in effect, boy
Yeah, ha ha
Cold Medina, ha ha
Hey, yo, Terminator, don't hurt 'em, man
Hey, yo, Griff, hold them hostage, boy
..
Ignorance is at an all-time high
Yo, Chuck, I think they need to be educated
S1s, take a stand
Yo, Chuck, stand up to 'em
Kick it

C'mon, get wit' it
Something ain't right, I got to admit it
Made me mad when I was on tour
That I declared war on black radio
They say that I planned this
On the radio most of you will demand this
Won't be on a playlist
Bust the way that I say this: No sell out
Yeah
Hey, huh --yeah, fellas, do you we think we gonna sell out?
Nah, man
I said, "Do you think we gonna sell out?"
No!
That's 'cause we ain't caught
Yo, Flav, do you think we gonna sell out?
I know if we do, we get the hell out
Uh-huh - yo, Griff, you and the S1s, do you think we gonna sell out?
No, not in this damn time, my brother
Uh-huh, Terminator X, hey, do you think we gonna sell out?


You singers are spineless
As you sing your senseless songs to the mindless
Your general subject, love, is minimal
It's sex for profit
Scream that I sample
For example, Tom, you ran to the federal
Court in U.S. it don't mean you
Yeah, 'cause they fronted on you
The posse's ready, Terminator X, yes, he's ready
The S1Ws, Griff, are you ready?

They say that I stole this
I rebel with a raised fist, can we get a witness?
2Embed
"Yeah, yeah" (Yeah, y'all!)
Party for your right to fight! (Yeah, y'all!)
"Yeah, yeah" (Yeah, y'all!)
Party for your right to fight! (Yeah, y'all!)

Power and equality, and I'm out to get it
I know some of you ain't with it
This party started right in sixty-six
With a pro-Black radical mix
Then at the hour of twelve
Some force cut the power and emerged from hell
It was your so-called government that made this occur
Like the grafted devils they were

"Yeah, yeah" (Yeah, y'all!)
Party for your right to fight! (Yeah, y'all!)
"Yeah, yeah" (Yeah, y'all!)
Party for your right to fight! (Yeah, y'all!)

J. Edgar Hoover, and he coulda proved to you
He had King and X set up
Also the party with Newton, Cleaver and Seale
He ended, so get up
Time to get 'em back (You got it)
Get back on the track (You got it)
Word from the honorable Elijah Muhammad
Know who you are to be Black (Boy)
You might also like
"Yeah, yeah" (Yeah, y'all!)
Party for your right to fight! (Yeah, y'all!)
"Yeah, yeah" (Yeah, y'all!)
Party for your right to fight! (Yeah, y'all!)

"Party for your right"
"Fight, fight"
"Party for your right"
"Fight, fight"

"Yeah, yeah" (Yeah, y'all!)
Party for your right to fight! (Yeah, y'all!)
"Yeah, yeah" (Yeah, y'all!)
Party for your right to fight! (Yeah, y'all!)

To those that disagree, it causes static
For the original Black Asiatic man
Cream of the earth and was here first
And some devils prevent this from being known
But you check out the books they own
Even Masons, they know it
But refuse to show it, yo
But it's proven and fact
And it takes a nation of millions to hold us back
"Yeah, yeah" (Yeah, y'all!)
Party for your right to fight! (Yeah, y'all!)
"Yeah, yeah" (Yeah, y'all!)
Party for your right to fight! (Yeah, y'all!)

"Party for your right"
"Fight, fight"
"Party for your right"
"Fight, fight"

"Yeah, yeah" (Yeah, y'all!)
Party for your right to fight! (Yeah, y'all!)
"Yeah, yeah" (Yeah, y'all!)
Party for your right to fight! (Yeah, y'all!)

"Party for your right"
"Fight, fight"
"Party for your right"
"Fight, fight"

"Yeah, yeah" (Yeah, y'all!)
Party for your right to fight! (Yeah, y'all!)
"Yeah, yeah" (Yeah, y'all!)
Party for your right to fight!3Embed
You're quite hostile
I got a right to be hostile, man, my people are being persecuted!
"Chuck, Chuck, Chuck, run, run, run a power move on them"

With vice, I hold the mic device
With force, I keep it away of course
And I'm keeping you from sleeping
And on a stage, I rage, and I'm rollin'
And to the poor, I pour in on in metaphors
I'm not bluffing, it's nothing that we ain't did before
We played, you stayed, the points made
You consider it done by the prophets of rage
(Power of the people, say)

Yo, Griff, you and S1W's get to the East side
We gotta kick it to the East side, G!

I roll with the punches, so I survive
Try to rock 'cause it keeps the crowd alive
I'm not ballin', I'm just callin'
But I'm past the days of yes-y'allin'
I wiggle round and round, I pump, you jump up
Hear my words, my verbs and get (Juiced up, juiced up!)
I been around a while, you can't describe my sound
Clear the way for the prophets of rage
(Power of the people, say)
You might also like
Ay yo Griff, we gotta get to my man Ralph in the South
Let's kick it to the South side, G!

I rang ya bell, can you tell I got feeling?
A just peace, at least, 'cause I want it
I want it so bad that I'm starving
I'm like Garvey, so you can see, B?
It's like that, I'm like Nat, leave me the hell alone
If you don't think I'm a brother, then check my chromosome
And then you check the stage, I declare it a new age
Get down for the prophets of rage
(Can you kick it like this?)

"Okay, okay, come on" (Ugh!)
"Okay, okay, come on" (Ugh!)
"Okay, okay, come on" (Get down!) (Ugh!)
"Okay, okay, come on" (Yo, kick it, Chuck!) (Ugh!)
Come on!

"Get-get-get a little stupid! (How-how-how stupid?)
Get a little stup-get-get a little stupid! (Aw, yeah!)
Get a little-get a little-get a little stupid!
Stup-stup-stup-stup-stup-stup-stupid!
Get-get-get-get a little stupid! (Come on, now!)
Get-get-get-get a little stupid! (Ha!)
Get a little-get a little-get a little stupid! (Come on!)
Get a little-get a little-get a little-get a little stupid!"
Ay yo, kick it for the West side!

You back the track, you find we're the quotable
You emulate -- brothers, sisters, that's beautiful
Follow a path of positivity you go
Some sing it or rap it or harmonize it through go-go
Little you know, but very seldom I do party jams
About a plan, I'm considered the man
I'm the recordable, God made it affordable
I say it, you play it back in your car, even portable
(Stereo, stereo) Describes my scenario
Left or right, Black or White
Attack lies in the books that you're readin'
It's knowledge of yourself that you're needin'
I'm like Vesey or Prosser, we have a reason why
To debate the hate, that's why we're born to die
Mandela, cell dweller, Thatcher
You can tell her clear the way for the prophets of rage
(Power of the people, you say)

"Okay, okay, come on" (Ugh!)
"Okay, okay, come on" (Ugh!) (Yo! Yo, man!)
"Okay, okay, come on" (Yo, G!) (Ugh!)
"Okay, okay, come on" (Ay yo! Yo, G!)
(Yo, kick it! Chuck, man!) (Ugh!)
Come on!
"Get-get-get a little stupid! (Yeah, yeah, yeah!)
Get a little stup-get-get a little stupid! (Come on, now!)
Get a little-get a little-get a little stupid! (Just shake it!)
Stup-stup-stup-stup-stup-stup-stupid! (Shake it, shake it! Come on, y'all!)
Get-get-get-get a little stupid! (Ha!)
Get-get-get-get a little stupid! (Yeah! Come on, come on!)
Get a little-get a little-get a little stupid! (Shake -- come on!)
Get a little-get a little-get a little-get a little stupid!"

Yo, yo! North side, North side, G!

It's raw and keeping you on the floor
Its soul and keeping you in control
It's part two 'cause I'm pumping what you're used to
Till the whole Juice Crew gets me in my goose down
I do the rebel yell (And I'm a Duracell!)
I call it plain insane, brothers causing me pain
When a brother's a victim
And the seller's a dweller in a cage
(Yo, rock the acapella, G)
(Power of the people, say)

"You're quite hostile"1Embed
"Brothers and sisters! Brothers and sisters, I don't know what this world is coming to!"

Yes, the rhythm, the rebel
Without a pause, I'm lowering my level
The hard rhymer -- where you never been, I'm in
You want stylin'? You know it's time again
D, the enemy, tellin' you to hear it
They praised the music, this time they play the lyrics
Some say no to the album, The Show
Bum Rush, the sound -- I made a year ago
I guess you know, you guess I'm just a radical
Not on sabbatical, yes, to make it critical
The only party your body should be partyin' to
Panther power on the hour from the rebel to you

Ay yo, Chuck, man, I don't understand this, man!
Yo, you got to slow down, man, you losin' them!

Radio—suckers never play me
On the mix, they just okay me
Now, known and grown, when they're clocking my zone, it's known
Snaking and taking everything that a brother owns
Hard — my calling card
Recorded and ordered, supporter of Chesimard
Loud and proud, kicking live next, poet supreme
Loop a troop, bazooka, the scheme
(Flavor) A rebel in his own mind
Supporter of my rhyme
Designed to scatter a line of suckers who claim I do crime
They on my time ticket
You might also like
Ay yo, Chuck, they think we takin' shorts!
Show 'em this is cold medina, man!
Come on, kick it!

Terminator X, Terminator X
Terminator X, Terminator

Yo, Chuck, you gettin' 'em nervous
They can't handle this, they gonna break down!

From a rebel, it's final on black vinyl
Soul, rock and roll coming like a rhino
Tables turn, suckers burn to learn
They can't disable the power of my label
Def Jam, tells you who I am
The enemy's public, they really give a damn
Strong Island, where I got 'em whylin'
That's the reason they're claiming that I'm violent
Never silent, no dope, getting dumb — nope
Claiming where we get our rhythm from
Number one, we hit ya, and we give ya some
No gun, and still never on the run
You wanna be an S1 -- Griff will tell you when
And then you'll come again, you'll know what time it is
Impeach the president, pulling out my ray gun
Zap the next one, I could be your Shogun
(Suckers) don't last a minute
Soft and smooth, I ain't with it
(Hardcore) raw bone like a razor
I'm like a laser, I just won't graze ya
Old enough to raise ya, so this'll faze ya
Get it right, boy, maybe I will praise ya
Playing the role, I got soul too
Voice my opinion with volume
(Smooth) Not what I am
(Rough) 'Cause I'm a man
No matter what the name, we're all the same
Pieces in one big chess game
(Yeah!) The voice of power
Is in the house — go take a shower, boy
P.E. a group, a crew — not singular
We wear black Wranglers
We're rap stranglers, you can't angle us
I know you're listening
I caught you pissin' your pants
You're scared of dissing us
The crowd is missing us
We're on a mission y'all
Yo Chuck, yo! Yeah, man!
Yo, you got 'em runnin' scared!

Terminator X, Terminator X
Terminator X, Terminator

Attitude, when I'm on fire
Juice on the loose, electric wire
Simple and plain, give me the lane
I'll throw it down your throat like Barkley
You see my car keys, you'll never get these
They belong to the Nine-Eight posse
You want some more, son? You wanna get some?
Bum-rush the door of the store — pick up the album
You know the rhythm, the rhyme plus the beat is designed
So I can enter your mind, boys!
Bring the noise — my time
Step aside for the flex, Terminator X

Yeah, that's right
This jam is rated cold medina, boy
That's right, cold medina, that's right
We showin' up in E-F-F-E-C-T, also known as effect
You understand what I'm sayin'?
Yeah! Yeah, boy!
Bring that beat back
Bring that beat back one more time, Chuck
Y'all wanna hear that beat, right?
Bring that beat back
...14Embed
They claim we're products from the bottom of hell
'Cause the black is back, and it's bound to sell
Picture us cooling out on the Fourth of July
And if you heard we were celebrating, that's a worldwide lie
Yo, Chuck, the fat generals, man, trying to pull a 226 on you, G! Yo, man, show 'em what you got!

This style seems wild
Wait before you treat me like a stepchild
Let me tell you why they got me on file
'Cause I give you what you lack, come right and exact
Our status is the saddest, so I care where you at, black
And at home I got a call from Tony Rome
The FBI was tappin' my telephone
I never live alone, I never walk alone
My posse's always ready, and they're waitin' in my zone
Although I live the life that of a resident
But I be knowin' the scheme that of the president
Tappin' my phone whose crews abused
I stand accused of doing harm, 'cause I'm louder than a bomb

Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
You might also like
I am a rock-hard trooper to the bone, the bone, the bone
Full grown, consider me - stone
Once again and I say it for you to know
The troop is always ready, I yell, "Geronimo!"
Your CIA, you see, I ain't kiddin'
Both King and X, they got rid of both
A story untold, true but unknown
Professor Griff knows, "Yo, I ain't milquetoast!"
And not the braggin' or boastin' and plus it ain't no secret
Why they're tappin' my phone, although I can't keep it a secret
So I decided to kick it, yo
And, yes, it weighs a ton, I say it once again
I'm called the enemy, I'll never be a friend
Of those with closed minds, don't know I'm rapid
The way that I rap it Is makin' 'em tap it, yeah
Never servin' 'em well, cause I'm an un-Tom
It's no secret at all 'cause I'm louder than a bomb

Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!) (Yeah!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
(It's yours!)
Cold holdin' the load, the burden breakin' the mold
I ain't lyin', denyin', because they're checkin' my code
Am I buggin' 'cause they're buggin' my phone - for information?
No tellin' who's sellin' out - power buildin' the nation so
Joinin' the set, the point-blank target
Every brothers inside, so least, not you forget, no
Takin' the blame is not a waste, here taste
A bit of the song so you can never be wrong
Just a bit of advice, 'cause we be payin' the price
'Cause every brother man's life is like swingin' the dice, right?
Here it is, once again this is the brother to brother
The Terminator, the cutter
Goin' on an' on - leave alone the grown
Get it straight in '88, an' I'll troop it to demonstrate
The posse always ready - 98 at 98
My posse come quick, because my posse got velocity
Tappin' my phone, never leave me alone
I'm even lethal when I'm unarmed
'Cause I'm louder than a bomb

Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!) (Yeah!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
Come on, come on (Louder!)
(Right)
'Cause the D is for dangerous, you can come and get some of this
I teach and speak, so when it's spoke, it's no joke
The voice of choice, the place shakes with bass
(Called one for the treble) The rhythm is the rebel
Here's a funky rhyme that they're tappin' on
Just thinkin' I'm breakin' the beats I'm rappin' on
CIA, FBI, all they tell us is lies
And when I say it, they get alarmed
'Cause I'm louder than a bomb3Embed
You're blind, baby
You're blind from the facts on who you are
'Cause you're watching that garbage
The woman makes the men all pause
And if you got a woman, she might make you forget yours
There's a five-letter word to describe her character
But her brain's being washed by an actor
And every real man that tries to approach
Come the closer he comes, he gets dissed like a roach

I don't think I can handle she goes channel to channel
Cold looking for that hero, she watch channel zero

She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
Zero
You might also like
Yo' baby, you got to cut that garbage off
Yo! I wanna watch the game
What is you doing?
Hey yo, let me tell you a little something
I'mma take all your soaps, and then I'm gonna hang 'em on a rope
You know what I'm saying?
'Cause that garbage you're watching don't make no sense
Hey yo, let me tell you a little something, baby
I'mma take your set, and I'mma throw it out the window, G!

2, 7, 5, 4, 8, she watched, she said
All added up to zero, and nothing in her head
She turns and turns and she hopes the soaps
Are for real, she learns that it ain't true, nope
But she won't survive and rather die in a lie
Fall a fool for some dude on a tube

I don't think I can handle she goes channel to channel
Cold looking for that hero, she watch channel zero

She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
Zero
Yo, baby, you think I'm joking? Do I look like I'm joking?
I ain't joking, word up, baby
Yo, cut that garbage off now
Yo, I got the Tyson fight on, you know what I'm saying?
Yo, so you can't be coming here, staganating like that, you know what I'm saying?
Yo, we getting ready to watch the Super Bowl
We got a black quarterback, so step back!

Trouble vision for a sister 'cause I know she don't know, I quote
Her brain's been trained by a twenty-four inch remote
Revolution a solution for all of our children
But her children don't mean as much as the show, I mean
Watch her worship the screen and fiend
For a TV ad, and it just makes me mad

I don't think I can handle she goes channel to channel
Cold looking for that hero, she watch channel zero

She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
She watch, she watch, she watch, she watch
Zero
Yo, baby, can't you see that's nonsense you watching?
Look, don't nobody look like that, nobody even live that, you know what I'm saying?
You watching garbage, nothing but garbage, straight up garbage
Yo, why don't you just back up from the TV, read a book or something?
Read about yourself, learn your culture, you know what I'm saying?
Yo, let me tell you a little something

You're blind, baby
You're blind from the facts on who you are
'Cause you're watching that garbage
...
You're blind, baby5Embed

I'm not going to lie and act like..
I have always thought.. all Hip-Hop or Rap was the world's greatest thing
But Public Enemy.. made me realized..
That all Rap is not the same
They made the world listen
They articulated the frustrations and anger
Of the Black Community, more importantly;
They changed the perception of what Hip-Hop could be
Chuck D said: that Rap was the CNN of the Black Community
And no one broadcasted louder.. than Public EnemyYou might also likeEmbed
YEAH ,YEAH ,YEAH
FLavor Flav, back in your face with a hot track, boy
BRING THAT BEAT BACK!!
AWWW WWEEE
BRING THAT BEAT BACK!!

See, I played in Cincinatti with my whole head nappy
Made a Rally in the street, with nothing but a beat
Got a grudge against the judge, kicked him out that seat
You are what you eat, yes.. so what you're eating?
Same message to your mind be.. self defeating
Sick and tired of being sick, and tired of being beaten
So I'mma drop it, like it was way too hot
And too fast (COME ON!!) for Hip-Hop, Doo Wop, Rock or Bop
I ain't here to hurt you, I don't hang in them circles
The government ain't got me yet, so y'all don't stop me
See the stampede of fake cats, running from Bill Cosby
What does he got to do with you doing you?, Y'all know what?
DJ Lord give me that cut, bring that beat back (Yo, yo, yo, yo, yo)
Yeah, that's what's up, bring that beat back
COME ON!!, that's what's up
BRING THAT BEAT BACK!!
BRING THAT BEAT BACK!!
You might also like
The beat y'all
YEAH!! (Chuck D)
To the beat y'all
Bring that beat back (N.W.A. Posse)
The beat y'all
BRING THAT BEAT BACK!!
BRING THAT BEAT BACK!!

Feedback from truely freed blacks
Got to think outside this Box of hard knocks
Signed them up at Fort Knox
They die in Iraq, what?.. you don't know I rock?
What?.. you under a rock? What?.. you under a rock? (GET IT!!)
Old cats begging us to bring that beat back
Each generation be thinking that the next one is whack
Jump started in the daze of crack
R&B Reagan, Daddy Bush, 1980s, got to come on back
(HIT THE BEAT BACK!!)
I pray to God, I feel like I've got a church in myself
Good God uhh.. I can't get no help
I say again health care cut back and it's whack
Yeah Ab.. bring that beat back, COME ON!!

The beat y'all
YEAH!! (Chuck D)
To the beat y'all
Bring that beat back ( N.W.A. Posse)
 To Cristal Blair
The beat y'all
 To Cristal Clinton
DON'T YOU SAY THAT!!
BRING THAT BEAT BACK!!
They say: the youth don't matter and the old don't mind
It takes a lot of spines.. to build all them young minds
Some of us get ghetto at the wrong damn time
Album what?.. we're just making one at a time
To save another brother whose life on the line
A big.. shot to claim, some rocks, some shines
Signs of a soul, gone solo, robbed blind
A very small part of half the world's crime
Runaway.. child blown by an old land mine
Little ones.. still working in them Diamond mines
So cats can say.. What's hers and what's mines?
Diamonds is a girl's best friend; so why is he crying?
Yo Ab, why the hell is he crying?
Yeah, BRING THAT BEAT BACK!!

To beat y'all, to the beat y'all
The beat y'all, to the beat y'all, COME ON!!
Listen to this, listen to this..
Listen, listen to this, listen to this..
Listen to this, listen to this..
Listen, listen to this, listen to this..
For all you MCs in a crew
I said for all you MCs in a crew
I said for all you MCs in a crew
This is what we want y'all to do..
See, when y'all hear it, get near it
And you recognize the lyrics, you trained to refrain
And you.. start to fear it as escapism
Yeah, like today there ain't no racism
Obviously, y'all ain't seen black folks on TV
Judgement calls made on behalf of you and me
Or you and I, do or die, I say an eye for an eye
Dividing line; got the poor people paying for crime
Corprorations getting paid off our Jail time
Now, y'all can tell Russell, yes, I knock the hustle
(LOOK OUT!!) Cause two million in lockdown, under the federal muscle
Beyond the streets; these kids is always watching
Watching some of these jerks when they go berserk
So I work (AWWW WEEEE) DJ Lord give me that cut
Bring that beat back, yeah.. and that's what's up
DJ Lord bring that beat back
Yo Ab (BEAT THE DRUMS!!) bring that beat back
Bring that beat back, yeah, COME ON NOW!!

The beat y'all
To the beat y'all
YEAH!!(Chuck D)
The beat y'all
COME ON!!(Chuck D)
To the beat y'all
The beat y'all, to the beat y'all
The beat y'all, the beat y'all
BRING THAT BEAT BACK!!
BRING THAT BEAT BACK!!
Sort of Wu-Tang
To the beat y'all
Bring that beat back (N.W.A. Posse)
The beat y'all
Bring that beat back (N.W.A. Posse)
To the beat y'all, the beat y'all

Get down.. get down..Embed
Moby PE, Moby PE, Moby PE!!
Moby PE, Moby PE, Moby PE!!
Moby PE, Moby PE, Moby PE!!
YEAH!!

Just gonna drop this on one of those Moby Beats
This is Chuck D, check it out
Here we go, COME ON!!

Put your hands in the air y'all
Alright y'all, COME ON!!
Put your hands in the air y'all
Alright now, COME ON!!
Put your hands in the air y'all
Alright y'all, COME ON!!
Put your hands in the air y'all
ALRIGHT NOW!!

Fingers in the air, like you really give a damn
Peace sign up, let me hear you say: YEAH!!
Power to The People, put your hands in the air
Peace sign high, like you really do care
Fingers in the air, like you really give a damn
Peace sign up, let me hear you say: YEAH!!
Power to The People, put your hands in the air
Peace sign high, like you really do care
COME ON!!
You might also like
Put your hands in the air y'all
Alright y'all, COME ON!!
Put your hands in the air y'all
ALRIGHT NOW!!

Rather be sitting just to get in it
Power to the people not the governments
Capitalists, communists and terrorists
Swear to God, I don't know the difference
Making new slaves out of the immigrants
Want to know where all the money went
Another trillion spent by the government
Here the bomb go, sent by the presidents
POWER TO THE PEOPLE, CAUSE THE PEOPLE WANT PEACE!!
POWER TO THE PEOPLE, CAUSE THE PEOPLE WANT PEACE!!
POWER TO THE PEOPLE, CAUSE THE PEOPLE WANT PEACE!!
POWER TO THE PEOPLE, CAUSE THE PEOPLE WANT PEACE!!
COME ON!!

Put your hands in the air y'all
Alright y'all, COME ON!!
Put your hands in the air y'all
ALRIGHT NOW!!
Tell the leaders, they got to feed us
Grand Theft Oil, gonna bleed us
New World Order, doesn't need us
Call for peace, better heed us
Dictators, Human Haters
Hand on the bomb, Mass Debators
Finger on the button, infiltrators
MAKE LOVE, FUCK WAR, PEACE WILL SAVE US!
Yeah, COME ON!!

Put your hands in the air y'all
Alright y'all, COME ON!!
Put your hands in the air y'all
Alright now, COME ON!!
Put your hands in the air y'all
Alright y'all, COME ON!!
Put your hands in the air y'all
ALRIGHT NOW!!
Break it now, break it now

Check one two..
We want everybody to put this sign up in the air
And at the count of three
Everybody tell me what this sign means: PEACE!!
COME ON!!
Put your hands in the air y'all
Alright y'all, COME ON!!
Put your hands in the air y'all
Alright now, COME ON!!
Put your hands in the air y'all
Alright y'all, COME ON!!
Put your hands in the air y'all
ALRIGHT NOW!! COME ON!!
Put your hands in the air y'all
Alright y'all, COME ON!!
Put your hands in the air y'all
Alright now, COME ON!!
Put your hands in the air y'all
Alright y'all, COME ON!!
Put your hands in the air y'all
ALRIGHT NOW!!
POWER TO THE PEOPLE, CAUSE THE PEOPLE WANT PEACE!!
POWER TO THE PEOPLE, CAUSE THE PEOPLE WANT PEACE!!
POWER TO THE PEOPLE, CAUSE THE PEOPLE WANT PEACE!!
POWER TO THE PEOPLE, CAUSE THE PEOPLE WANT PEACE!!

They are not really aware
That they know some shit is going on in this country somewhere
There is a lot of people don't know where is that..
The thinks that the black people doing it, shit!Embed
Y'ALLLLLLLLLL, LOOK OUT!!

COME ON, NOW!!
I can feel it, now
You got me feeling like Ray Charles up in here
I feel lime believe all way to my soul and pore
You got me feeling like Stieve wondering what hell is going on
Yeah, you know what, the blind still can't see
Weapons of the mass distraction

OOOHHH WWWEEE!!

Now, one, two, three, four, five, six, seven
Rap like hell make it sound like heaven
Seven, six, five, four, three, two, one, zero
Black Superman, is back as your hero
HERE HE, HERE yo
America the beautiful, beautiful, plentiful
Now, looking sort of pitiful
A third of the world at war, wait minute
Got to take care of the rock if you want to live in it
Medicine and Medicare, cause.. they don't care
Your favorite Millionare is.. in the air
See them everywhere, but.. they ain't there
So Rally and Protest against the world in fear
Now, people people, can we take it to the square? "YEAH!!"
Mean Yeah, now, you don't matter, and they don't mind
Cause these be the things that make you blind, COME ON!!
You might also like
Makes you blind, makes you blind
You're blind to the fact --------] Flavor Flav
Gets you blind
YOU CAN FEEL IT!! ---------------] Ice Cube
If you see, they make you blind
You're blind to the fact --------] Flavor Flav
Makes you blind, makes you blind
If you see, they make you blind
Blind, blind leads a blind ------] Ice Cube
If you see, they make you blind
We got subtracts over here ------] Chuck D
Makes you blind, makes you blind
You're blind to the fact --------] Flavor Flav
You can't see it, you can't see it --] Chuck D

Uhh, pimp or preach, same thing
Nothing worse than a new black Church
Who be lying on the truth cause it hurts
Black man came first, in the sweet name of Jesus
Cost me a Dollar, at the floor of Creflo
Like how the hell me supposed to know or see to ask?
In the name of the Allah, running to the Radio
And the TV issues and views shaped by one-sided news
Got us like 'Planet of the Apes' under CDs and tapes
Preachy, young cats asking old heads; teach me
Yeah, album of beats that reach me
Radiation of a Radio TV movie nation
On your goddamn mind, uhh.. makes you blind!
You don't matter, and they don't mind
Cause these be the things that make you blind!
Can I say: you don't matter, and they don't mind?
Cause these be the things that make you blind!
COME ON!!
Makes you blind
You're blind to the fact --------] Flavor Flav
Makes you blind, makes you blind
If you see, they make you blind
You're blind to the fact --------] Flavor Flav
Makes you blind, makes you blind
You're blind, you can't see it, COME ON!! --------] Chuck D
If you see, they make you blind
You're blind to the fact --------] Flavor Flav
Makes you blind, makes you blind
You got me feeling like Ray Charles up in here ----] Chuck D
If you see, they make you blind
You're blind to the fact --------] Flavor Flav
Makes you blind, makes you blind
COME ON!! GET IT!! --------------] Chuck D
If you see..

Now.. now, y'all keep bouncing to what I said
Cause.. these be the facts, going to blow your head
Y'all know what I said, when I say: NO TO THUG
Thug Life runs at the top and y'all thought it was 'Pac
These Government Gangsters making Robots who forgot Hypnotic
In the 2000 by three thousand mile box
35 years old lost in a X-Box
Playstations and videos, so that's how it goes (YOU'RE BLIND BABY!!)
The world begins and ends at the tip of their nose
It ain't Eminem, it's M and M & M
MC Donalds, MTV and Microsoft
Can't you see, they got the young strung at a cost?
Yes, it's that treacherous three go off, go off
Now, you don't matter, and they don't mind
Cause these be the things that make you blind!
I said: you don't matter, and they don't mind
Cause these be the things that make you blind!
COME ON!!
If you see.. if you see..
If you see.. if you see..
You're blind to the fact --------] Flavor Flav
If you see.. if you see..
Cause these be the things that make you blind, yeah -------] Chuck D
If you see.. if you see..
You're blind to the fact --------] Flavor Flav
If you see.. if you see..
You got me feeling like Stieve wondering what hell is going on, yeah ---] Chuck D
If you see.. if you see..
You're blind to the fact --------] Flavor Flav
If you see.. if you see..
You're blind to the fact --------] Flavor Flav
If you see..

So.. I pray to God for my life and health
Uhh.. I feel like I got a church in myself
So I.. I jump back and kiss myself
Cutbacks, look out, I can't get no help
Throw your hands in the air, Bush and Blair don't care
While the unaware, uhh.. they just stare
This nation said: screw the organization of united nations
Yeah, across them TV stations
They said to the masses: they consider them asses
Take a look at the world; another son of a Bush disaster
Do the math, cause the loudest they're coming after
These are the same acts who wiped out half of Africa
And you don't know the half, the half knots robbed by the halves
Signing new money like signing autographs
MC Donalds billions sold, America billions told
Houston, we got a problem; isn't this a bitch?
When I want to hear blues, I be turning on the news
See, the rich get richer and the poor keep bitching
Buckle down, knuckle up, when time is rough
Buckle down, knuckle up, when time is rough
And say.. you don't matter, and they don't mind
Cause these are the things that make you blind!
Now, you don't matter, and they don't mind
Cause these be the things that make you blind!
COME ON!!

Y'all don't know, y'all don't know
Y'all don't know, y'all don't know

Makes you blind, makes you blind
You're blind, baby --------------] Flavor Flav
If you see, they make you blind
Makes you blind, makes you blind
You're blind to the fact --------] Flavor Flav
If you see, they make you blind
Makes you blind, makes you blind
You're blind, baby --------------] Flavor Flav
If you see, they make you blind
Makes you blind, makes you blind
You're blind, baby --------------] Flavor Flav
If you see..

Get it!! - AWWW YEAH!!
These be the things that make you blind
You're blind to the fact, COME ON!!
These be the things that make you blind
Yeah, these be the things that make you blind

Y'all don't know, y'all don't know.. uhhu
Y'all don't know, y'all don't know.. uhhu
Y'all don't know, y'all don't know.. uhhu
Y'all don't know..

I have always had a respect for all music that's well as flavor
And you know my music is.. is one to make a change, you know, communicate to all..Embed
That's a lie..

POWER TO THE PEOPLE!!
CAUSE THE PEOPLE WANT PEACE!!
HAVE NO FEAR!!
YOU'RE SAFE RIGHT HERE!!
YOU ARE PROTECTED!!
YOU ARE RESPECTED!!
THE PEOPLE GOT A VOICE!!
THE PEOPLE GOT CHOICE!!
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!

A fool believes.. believes

WHO THE GOVERNMENT?!!
WHO THE TERRORISTS?!!
WHERE THE HIT LIST?!!
PUMP THE RAISED FIST!!
MAKE THEM SPREAD THE WEALTH!!
AS LONG AS YOU GOT YOUR HEALTH!!
I CAN'T GET NO HELP!!
SO I JUMP BACK TO KISS MYSELF!!
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!
You might also like
A fool believes.. believes

WHAT A FOOL BELIEVES?!!
WHAT A FOOL BELIEVES?!!
WHAT A FOOL BELIEVES?!!
WHAT A FOOL BELIEVES?!!
THE WHO (the who)
THE WHEN (the when)
THE WHY (the why)
THE WHAT!! (a fool believes)
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!

That's a lie..

I swear to God, you thought the yard was hard
Come and get your God, with a Credit Card
Preacher lying on the truth to raise his roof
Come on, holla Preacher Flow, here got your dollar
Devil succeeded in never giving you what you needed
Playing with religion, so the people believe it
They're playing with God, while preying on God
While you're praying to God; they're playing with God
COME ON!!
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!
THE WHO, THE WHEN, THE WHY, THE WHAT!!
A fool believes
..police in our community couldn't possibly be there
Uhh.. to uhh.. protect our property because we own no propertyEmbed
.. they ain't see the man
There is unseen man.. crazy
That is Brad Rapra

Yo Griff, where you at?
The truth just.. been deceived.. just been deceived.. just been deceived
The government.. is not in fear of this.. PUBLIC ENEMY!!

In the whip, trying to a grip
On how to bring the next and the new shit
Brain lit, no pen, no pad
It's the sickest Illest thought I ever had
Thoughts of my old dad, uhh..

Never question who I am --] Chuck D
And we're Public Enemy #1 --] Chuck D

According to the word on the streets
The votes were bought to insure the presidency
Let's see.. the election was privatized
Co-operation control the votes and they're lying before your very eyes
Rienforce the lie, on CNN, Fox, 9 Live at 5 @ 5
As far as the public domain
National elections have been taking out of the public Brain
The publics insane, if the facts still remain the same
The bushes are dummer and dummer
Seven take away one in the brain nummer and nummer
They capitalize off the fear of the people
Hip-Hop in the head of the people, lethal
You might also like
Y'all don't know, y'all don't know
 Uhh.. COME ON!!
Y'all don't know, y'all don't know
 What you talking about?
Y'all don't know, y'all don't know
 So what you're saying?
Y'all don't know, y'all don't know
 COME ON!!

Ki ki ki.. COME ON!!
Ki ki ki ki.. COME ON!!
Like the.. chickens coming home to roost
It's not a Question of "why" but who will loose
And what party you choose
Uhh.. The Governments.. the enemy --] Media Sampler
The Governments.. the enemy --] Media Sampler
Don't know about you, but it's clear to me
Uncle Sam wants me to be all that I can be to keep his enemies free

Y'all don't know, y'all don't know
 Uhh.. COME ON!!
Y'all don't know, y'all don't know
 So what you talking about?
Y'all don't know, y'all don't know
 So what you saying?
Y'all don't know, y'all don't know
 COME ON!!
Ki ki ki.. COME ON!!
Ki ki ki ki.. COME ON!!
I got a black thought to send ya!
Bush and Kerry the New world Order Agenda's in ya!
And it's a well known fact
The next election you'll vote Republicrate
And that's a fact and I'll bet a stack on that
Shhh.. those are the lies, and the liars that tell them
Liars that lie like the lies they sell them
Here's all the news that's fit to print
From the mind of a pro-black militant, uhh..

Never question who I am --] Chuck D
And we're Public Enemy #1 --] Chuck D
Y'all don't know, y'all don't know --] Flavor Flav

Uhh.. bio micro chips in the arms of pimps
Snitches ain't shit along with the trick
The shady bunch can get the dic-tionary
It's very neccessary that Tom got me out on the ridge
Homeless with nowhere to live.. they fig'
They called me the last nigga so I brought the noise and still lived
The beast.. restored a puppet regime
Population control 8 point 9 human beings
Mental cap of a black it's a fact
Done deal, dude it's a Rap

One.. two..
One.. two.. three.. one more time

Never question who I am --] Chuck D
And we're Public Enemy #1 --] Chuck D
Public Enemy --] Busta Rhymes
Never question who I am --] Chuck D
And we're Public Enemy #1 --] Chuck D
Public Enemy --] Busta Rhymes
Never question who I am --] Chuck D
And we're Public Enemy #1 --] Chuck D
Public Enemy --] Busta RhymesEmbed
The preacher has came to teach a new lesson
Preachment against the pregnancy
A new slammer.. and there's new vision often trys to capture
This rough and tough in this ghetto.. a lot of fruads stuff going down

Public Enemy...
We are.. gathering.. here.. today..
I'd like.. I'd like to introduce..
The incredible.. master beat..
D, the Enemy.. the hard rhymer

Celebrity, the new drug in America got to have it
Got to be it, so the young ones can see it
Watch out now! - look at here now!
In this 'Rich or Die Trying' times
Y'all see the greed I see?
Got these cats whipped by TV
Three generations of fatherless women
We're drowning instead of swimming
This ain't what y'all asked for
That's what they locked your ass up for
And they closed the door (COME ON!!)
Beyond these streets, these kids; they be always watching
See, it ain't been the same (DAMN!!)
Since teens summit left the game
Off the air, who cares?
Now, kids get progammed, ask their peoples
Who buy them almost everything the stars wear
People see, people do, y'all see the new pied pipers
They got to hold on you; back to the Boogaloo
Get a shot so you don't catch the flu
Don't get shot, and get a hole in you
Uhh.. (*Gunshot*)
You might also like
Can I get a hittman?
Maybe I'm.. preaching to the quiet..

You see, I'm talking advanced but going back at the same time
Rewind.. so what? - some of this song don't rhyme
Like I said most of us get ghetto at the wrong time
Fear.. so leave a little room for God up in here
Back in the day, even real pimps, hustlers, players
Told young cats; COME ON!! get you lives on track
These raps you hear today, is a bad ass act
I'm here to tell it like it ought to be
It ain't no kids fault to me
35 years old acting sixteen, you know what I mean?
You don't work, mean you don't eat
You need more than a ball and some bomb ass beats
New kicks on your feet, you need your mind in this time to compete
Uhh.. make your world complete
Sweet not sour (Aiyyo, let me tell you the..)
That's why I call it Fighting the Power

YEAH!! YEAH!! YEAH!! YEAH!! Y'all!!

Yeah, look it here!!
And maybe I'm.. preaching to the quiet..
Hip-Hop ---------] Big Daddy Kane
Now, here it is, no fable, I put it all on the table
Spending my time identifying.. who's behind some of these labels
Who profit off the spit, some of the same way same cats
That owned them ships, yes, it's a business
But slavery was too prison industrial complex
New slavery looking up to own you
Owning the labels, stations, jails and cemeteries
Thug Life, turning Hip-Hop into a one Stop-Shop
Somebody behind making up your own damn mind
Signed, sealed, delivered in a nigga package so dumb
You can't hear the ignorace, protected by the backpacker
Who co-signed to say so, claiming they dug the flow
Filled with Jim Crow, return of the old Negro
How you going to say No To Drugs if you don't say No To Thugs?
See, the government sweep it deeper under the rug
Sweep it deeper under the rug, yeah, uhh..

Yo, COME ON!!
Yo, COME ON!!
Yo, COME ON!!
Yo, COME ON!!

Maybe.. I'm preaching to the quiet
Maybe I'm.. Maybe I'm.. preaching to the quiet
Uhh.. look it here..
I hear you talking, I hear you talking
Talk your talk, walk your walk
Talk your talk, walk your walk
Look it here.. I'm preaching to the quiet
Yeah, GET IT NOW!! GET IT!! GET IT!!
GET IT NOW!! YO!!
UHH!! COME ON!! WHAT!!
GET IT NOW!! GET IT!!
RIOT!! IS GOING DOWN!!
YEAH!! LOOK OUT!!
(*Flavor Flav giggling*)Embed
I came from a place I forgot
I woke up in a parking lot, far from a meal and a cot
On the corner where all the streets got the same name
Maybe my brain's on the brink of insane
Pain between the papers while sleepin' on the train
This the land of milk and honey, (know what I'm sayin?)
The invisible man times three, Black, down and out
Out standing on a corner no doubt
Now a nation of homeless sleepin' in bus stations
Another win for the pilgrims who said "No more Haitians!"
As I proceed, someone to feed me is what I need
Through three blocks of dealers tryin' to hit me off with some weed
Avenues and boulevards hungry as a fucker
Hope to get a ride from a trucker
Everybody know I ain't no sucker
Everytime I used to drop 30 at the Rucker
Away from crazy kids in Generation Wrecked
Dissin' pyramids while praisin' projects
Walk past old folks gettin' no respect
Callin' young folks a buncha no good rejects
And I walk on

An eye for an eye, I can't recognize the man in the mirror
Is it I? It is I
Now who this cat I'm lookin at?
Cause I've been waiting so long to get where I'm goin'
An eye for a eye in this country tis of thee
Now how the hell can I be free?
Now who this cat I'm lookin' at?
Cause I been lost so long without anybody knowin'
You might also like
So I move on and I walk on
Past the preachers and the pimps gettin' their talk on
Now why do home gotta be where the negative roam?
"To be or not to be?", so I roll alone
I'm trapped within this skin and these bones
Amongst temporary kings on cellular phones
Can I last, as I walk past
Mad cigarette billboards and malt liquor ads?
Walkin' on broken bottles and potato chip bags
Everyone I see got the nerve to brag
Where they from what they got and don't own squat
Disrespect where they from and ya might get shot
Zombies askin' me what the latest bomb be
"You shoulda shot the fuckin' sheriff and the fuckin' deputy, G"
For okaying the drug trade and lettin' it be
But I know prison for me is an industry
So I walk, I heard the best things in life be free
Didn't God make this land and the air that we breathe?
Now former homeless don't give a damn about me
In the mirror, somebody else is starin' at me
Maybe prison is the skin I'm within
All this time I been sufferin', can't fix it wit a Bufferin
Plus they said I'll never work in this town again
(Goddamn) So I keep on walkin'
An eye for an eye, I can't recognize the man in the mirror
Is it I? It is I
Now who this cat I'm lookin at?
Cause I've been waiting so long to get where I'm goin'
An eye for a eye in this country tis of thee
Now how the hell can I be free?
Now who this cat I'm lookin' at?
Cause I been lost so long without anybody knowin'

Lil day day is big day and just did time
Seen him standin' on the unemployment line
Which collided wit the line of the health clinic
I seen Crazy Stacy her ass standin' up in it
No more welfare, they cut her Medicaid
Damn, my mama used to do her braids
I keep walkin' so they don't see me
But I doubt if they doin' any better than me
So I walk on never take the planet for granted
I paved the concrete, asphalt and granite
I walk fast past three brothers sittin' on the porch
With a yard of dirt, and littered with Newports
Talkin' how they comin' up while they sittin' on their ass
As I walk past em I'm a target of their laughs
And one said, "Let's get him for his fuckin' stash"
As I walked fast past the other yards with grass
Had a lil' cash, tried to make it last
From a few deals I made from cleanin' windshields
I ran like a rally, they caught me in an alley
Can't get out the ghetto from New York to Cali
I thought I had nothin' till I felt the knife
And now I ain't even got a lifeEmbed
(Explosion, scratching)
"The new world order, because the new world doesn't appear that orderly..."
(In this world today...)

Aight, I'ma let you know how trips 'round the world go
That's right, world tour sessions
We're gonna warm it up just like this
Come on, check it out

Behold, the whole planet upside down
I put it down, shuttin' down disco clowns
I get around, this rap game's like a sport
Been through two passports, ass stay up in airports
Black man still gettin' no support
Compensation we ain't seein', split by Europeans
Damn treated less than human beings, no matter
Africa, Brazil, East St. Louis or the Caribbean
Traveled the seven seas, rocked many races
Spread the cash cleaned trash in a lotta low places
Seen the look of love on many mad faces
When I rhymed about the time and not the paper chases
People all over the world givin' mad respect
When I identified who the government wrecked
What's the sound scan? Ask the company rep
They don't care, they just about keepin' their checks
You might also like
Round and around and around we go
Where the world's headed, nobody knows
Round and around and around we go
Where the world's headed, nobody knows
Round and around and around we go
Where the world's headed, nobody knows
Round and around and around we go
Where the world's headed, nobody knows

Hear the crime rhyme created a lotta robots
Can the real lyric fix the shit that the time forgot?
Loops gotcha brain gettin' locked loaded up with words
That never meant a lot, and you can't call the cops
And y'all don't really know, and y'all don't hear me through
Takes a nation of big brains to break up that flow
And the game ain't changed but the heads be rearranged
In danger, my language is rappin' in anger
I be bangin' so I point my finger
While we sleep, racists set us up like sheep
Every time I go someplace, slaves in my face
Black people in a plantation state
No control of our soul and wouldn't know our fate
Now am I wrong to hate hate?
38 countries, 51 states, now you tell me
Who in the world gonna compensate?
100 million lost, make a nigga wait
Gotta beg the queen to get food on the plate
Round and around and around we go
Where the world's headed, nobody knows
Round and around and around we go
Where the world's headed, nobody knows
Round and around and around we go
Where the world's headed, nobody knows
Round and around and around we go
Where the world's headed, nobody knowsEmbed
Yeah, back it up
Vultures of culture
A dollar a rhyme, but we barely get a dime
Uh-huh, check it out

If you don't own the master, then the master own you
Who you trust, from Swindler's Lust?  (GEYEAH!)
From the back of the bus, neither one of us
Control the fate of our soul, in Swindler's Lust

Hickory dickory dock
Hand in my pocket, rob me for my chocolate (eheheheh)
Mo' dollars, mo' cents, for the Big Six
Another million led to bled, claimin' innocence
Is it any wonder why black folks goin under?
'Cause niggas be sold in bundles!
No pressure, tell me why they don't care
Rap and R&B pavin' the streets of Bel-Air
From the sales of singers no longer here
The bigger killer gets the bigger share (eheheheh)
Now the ones I attack, negroes got their back
And know eighty/twenty is a wack contract
Forever lack the voice of real blacks
Stole rock'n'roll and ain't gave it back (yea yea)
Started off my defense
Now they're the ones I defend against
Who fell up into the tricks
"Fuck the Fight the Power shit, get that Chuck D nigga fixed
And keep him up out of the mix"
Well hell, tell em Chuck don't suck no dick
Be an ass, and that ass get kicked
Hand in my pocket, rob me for my chocolate
Watch em swindle yo' ass and turn a profit
You might also like
If you don't own the master, then the master own you
Who you trust, from Swindler's Lust?
From the back of the bus, neither one of us
Control the fate of our soul, in Swindler's Lust

They don't care about me, they don't care about you
They don't care about you and your crew
Your family neighborhood and plus, heh
They don't give a damn about us

One thing about them, they like to exploit though
Vultures of culture
They like to exploit, the little suckers
A dollar a rhyme, but we barely get a dime

Profit off the soul of black folk
Turn em into bitches, niggas, and stupid ass jokes
Laughin' with us, or laughin' at us?  That's what I'm guessin'
We interrupt this program with that question

They came in and sat at the feet (uh-huh)
Of our ancient ancestors; they learned (yeah)
They took it back, They came back, then they imitated (right)
Once they got enough, they came back and destroyed!
Laughin' all the way to the bank; remember them own the banks
And them god damn tanks (god damn right)
Now what company do I thank?  Ain't this a bitch?
Heard they owned slaves, in a ship that sank!

Aight aight aight aight yo yo
Where all the Louie's?  Where my Louie's?  Ehehe

If you don't own the master, then the master own you
Who you trust, from Swindler's Lust?
From the back of the bus, neither one of us
Control the fate of our soul, in Swindler's Lust

This to the blues people in the Delta
This for everybody in the 50's that didn't, get their money
Little Richard gettin half of a penny
All of the super soul singers of the 60's
All the bands of the 70's on the outside lookin in
All the people that didn't make a dime off their session playing
And even the rappers in the 80's and 90's
Still tryin' to get paid from what they put in, yeah
If you don't own the master, then the master own you
Who you trust, from Swindler's Lust?
From the back of the bus, neither one of us
Control the fate of our soul, in Swindler's Lust
Hmm...1Embed
Being here in America doesn't make you an American
Being born here in America doesn't make you an American
Why if birth made you an American you wouldn't need any legislation
You wouldn't need any amendments to the Constitution
I don't see any American dream, I see an American nightmare
I'm one of the 42 million black people who are the victims of America

Aiyyo we all in together now, all in together now
Hard truth soldierin, hard truth soldier SHIT
Keep on servin 'em, cause you know we do work
Mashin in my Chevy down the streets of New York, they feel me
I smooth grip, and hit up the spot
Snatch Flav as my dual pipes burn up the block
We bumpin hardcore, heavyweight, b-boy blast
On the street they hear my beat, my 69 is fast
Smash down Lennox, head up to the 'View
Some reporter wanna holla and I said it was cool
Wanna know about the album and the Enemy's new
How P.E. and Guerilla Funk is keepin it movin
Breakin bread talkin politics, you know how it go
'Bout the war and how it's shitty that we murder for dough
Then the reporter asked a question, that I had to mash
How, I would act if every day was maybe my last
How if every day I worried 'bout my family in this
I'd be murdered on these street in a puddle of piss
Or if I would get some news that my brother had died
If they ran up in my house and held my kids and my wife
Or if we was looted and somebody took all our thangs
If my sister was abducted, never heard from again
I began to compare it, so he could observe
When I made the parallels with how they livin abroad
I can't ignore it, these pigs ride deep in the streets
Cap a nigga for his wallet, beat another for free
And the cold part about it, life is cheaper than that
Down there people on the bottom kill each other for scraps
Imagine that, propoganda got the people confused
Damned by the media that keep 'em subdued
I been around the world, seen a lot of shit in my life
Same sirens, same ghetto birds swirlin at night
Same racism, profilin each of us all
Same outsiders where we live enforcin the law
Gats clappin on the streets, gunplayin with heat
Same prisons full of brothers herded in like sheep
Same turncoats that'll burn folks for pay
Same conditions in communities we die everyday
Same brutality and ignorance, now what will it take
To break the motherfuckin cycle, get the people away?
That's why I'm fresh out of tears for 'em, all out of tears for 'em
Even though my heart goes out, what the fuck you cryin 'bout?
Money for rebuilding but, what about home?
When the way we live is shitty where's the love for our own?
I can't decide it, it's real, I hit you with proof
Maybe I'll be suicided cause I hit you with truth
See they kill for less than what we say on records to you
Hear the message in the music from a rebel to you, now listen
You might also like
Save my life you gotta, save my life you gotta {*3X*}
Save us, save usEmbed
Is it a, coincidence that we ain't taught truth
A, coincidence that they target the youth
A, coincidence everything is the same
That a message in the music ain't a part of the game
A, coincidence that we livin a lie
A, coincidence that we only get by
A, coincidence that so many are lost
And do prison time 'fore we notice the cost

It really ain't difficult to break the mold
And take a close look at the lies we're told
Wipe away the facade, see we got to know
See the plot to control and to rot the soul
You can make anybody that don't read believe
Anything that they see on the TV screen
That a lie is reality, the sky is green
That there's weapons in Iraq, and the President's clean
When it's on, thinkin you can trust police
Every black is a beast and our women are cheap
And that brothers gettin murdered is the way of the streets
That it's normal to die when we still in our teens
And that's the way it is, what's the use to try
That school is a motherfuckin waste of time
Slang yay, die young, maybe get rich rhymin
And prison if you black is just a part of life
And that all of America support the Pres'
Religion is the way, and we all full of sin
That it's better after death if we suffer and pray
Even though they fuck us off in this life today
And that white Jesus hangin on the wall in church
Ain't a part of a lie to keep a brother subservient
And that the whole world need the word "Amen"
Got troops overseas gettin murdered for free
If you buy that shit, I got a bridge to sell
Like I said I'm a rebel, so I must re-bel
And lies be the truth now, war is peace
Like corporations don't dictate the streets
Like brothers don't die for the diamond or bling
Like brothers don't die over songs we sing
Like patri-ots act like the Patriot Act
While we swing on this bitch 'til we break it in half
You might also like

You guilty if arrested and niggas are thugs
Only good for welfare, murder and drugs
The media is true, with no bias at all
And Fox News ain't on the President's balls
That Lacey and O.J. and Kobe and Mike
Ain't bullshit and really do matter in life
That you shouldn't be insulted they give 'em the time
But never talk about all this corporate crime
That they generatin news stay loose with facts
Relate fake views that'll keep us attracted
Like sheep so we don't think, never react
Never question authority, never suspect
Never trip off of why what matters to us
Always seem unimportant, and never get love
Why it's never any money for the school support
But it's fallin out the sky for these corporate wars


They never give real shit space to shine
Just donkey-ass niggas on assembly line
Cookie cutter pop-slutter make music designed
To pedal Coca-Cola, Motorola and Sprite
No love for the Enemy with video play
But they give Flav a show to take the focus away
From the realest group ever made, whaddya say
When to them it's Eminem that's goin down as the greatest?
When the plan is a shame like we makin a choice
Understand it's a scam who get handed a voice
And it's only a few and they decide in advance
Like votin for the President and both of them fam
All that "God bless America, and nobody else"
But I can smell racism, however it's dealt
Know the real shit never miss, see how it's felt
All around the world, hear the people cryin for help

A, coincidence ex-cons can't vote
A, coincidence they can't get no work
A, coincidence that they can't hold heat
Now they know that they enemy don't look like me
A, coincidence that we shit out of luck
The consequence of coincidences all add up
When you never know the reason and you're set up to suffer
The offense is coincidence is never the cause1Embed
Bring that beat back, we set it off
Got us back for combat, we get it raw
With a counterattack over tracks, we build minds of the blind
Never calm when we bomb on neocons
Pump the level, the rebel to you
Never lose or let a devil break up my crew
Never nervous, serve them with the words with purpose
It's the COINTEL killer, Black Hard Truth silverback
I still checkin' to see just who's set to come along
When brothers revive that movement
We bringin' the balance back, never nonviolent tact
Guerrillla Funk and P.E. connect
So know it when you're hearin' the rhymes that I'm givin' them
Combined with the rhythm, designed to expose the sins
All in it's the masterplan until the curse is reversed I'm sayin'
Rebirth Of A Nation

They call me E-M-E, U-N-O, you know
P-A, niggas is opposite of the po-po
We stay together as the ants can conquer the elephant
They say, fuck what they say cause shit is irrelevant
Soldiers, where's your heart? Show me that love
What you made of?
This is the shit that could make thugs.. turn revolutionary
360, he with me, she with me
Anything for you, give up my kidney
You might also like
Up early in the morning, trainin' with the machete
Revolutionary, ready for war, never scary
As an African, my daily regimen is development
Malcolm X said, self defense is intelligence
So I train in the Martial Arts
It's somethin' for warriors, not those with partial hearts
We recognize that our people need a military
So we could take care what's already necessary

What they say: You ain't nothin' but a soldier
Yeah, straight Hard Truth Soldier
Believe, you ain't nothin' but a soldier
Yeah, straight Hard Truth Soldier

It's the killer Cal' nigga now, showin' disgust
One hitter, still bitter, clips ready to bust
Gat Turner with the twin burner, 21 shots in my draws
Red beam on a pig make them pause
And y'all can't fuck with the style I bring
Been wild as a child ever since I came
To the knowledge of myself, raise them up, maintain
P-Dog and the Enemy, we bringin' the pain
Ugh, check it, it's the squaw
Quick on the draw and quite clean
Verbal attack, I'm never seen, "seen" comin' "yeah"
Niggas take off runnin', they know in my tribe
I'm pitchin' venomous arrows and shovin' bitches aside
We ride, unified, playin' our part
Bein' sure that a woman's voice'll never get lost
Still a soldier in the struggle and aware of the cost
Motherfucker, thought you knew the people ready for war

So before I begin, let's commit to rhyme
Keep the women in the mix and do it one more time
And that when I get to hittin', know the powder is dry
Spittin' power to the people, ho, the real gon' shine
Conscious Daughters in the front, soldier first brigade
Special One, CMG, Guerrilla Funk, we raid
Blaze through the competition and we all get paid
But keep it revolutionary each and every day, now tell them

What they say: You ain't nothin' but a soldier
Yeah, straight Hard Truth Soldier
Believe, you ain't nothin' but a soldier
Yeah, straight Hard Truth Soldier
...make through the day they was
We might not be back, I might be in jail
I might be anywhere but I'm..
A Revolutionary

Who that nigga you can call to spit some shit
And ain't scared of the government, you niggas lovin' it
We spread out, in different positions
Tryin' to break these motherfuckers outta prison, listen "yeah"
Mayday on the front line
Nigga we G's up in the game, we bust 'till we flatline "what"
Then they want my black ass to Rock The Vote
They want as many niggas they can, to fill the boat
But these house niggas, go fight in Iraq
Cryin' to they mamma now they wanna come back
Shouldn't took your black ass in the service
And fuck if I make you nervous, I'mma speak it
Black revolutionary, that's my title
While these stupid niggas wanna be American Idols
Still ride for the streets, since day one
We rough with ours, homey, straight outta Compton

What they say: You ain't nothin' but a soldier
Yeah, straight Hard Truth Soldier
Believe, you ain't nothin' but a soldier
Yeah, straight Hard Truth Soldier

Yeah, MC mothafuckin' Ren, with my nigga Paris
Guerrilla Funk1Embed
 + (Chuck D)
P.E., c'mon now!
Here the... here the, hear the beat go
(C'mon!) Hit me
Cold live can, cold live
(Bring the noise!) To the beat y'all
{*"Turn it up!*}
C'mon now! That's all?
Ah-ah-ah-aight I got it, ah-ah-alright y'all, alright y'all

We come rough with the rhythm and rhymes that pack 'em in
Bust with the rhythm that shines back once again
Still ride with releases reachin each
Still strive to revive and keep the peace
And still knowin how to crush the mo'
We still showin with the monster flows that you know
And bleed the beast that, keeps the peace back
Must defeat that, bring that beat back!
When X plays on the crossfades we rave
To make us all come together, brothers doin our thang
In this land where the plan is to blind the mind
We go wild and understand the grand design
We brought BACK what'cha missed, feel the voice resist
Black fist got us sittin on the government list (oh shit!)
From the North to the near, hear it loud and clear
There's no fear, keep the people aware with Public Enemy
You might also like"The Enemy the Enemy the Enemy the Enemy" {*repeat in background*}
 Rhyme animal
 C'mon Griff
 Hear the beat go, Terminator what?
 DJ lord... c'mon now!
 Guerilla Funk'n
 To the beat y'all, shakin the ground
 P.E
 What a brother know
 Once again back is the incredible

It's P.G. out the gutter to absorb the fight
Six shots, slang shots, stick cops at night
Might pass on the black ski-mask and gloves
Revolutionary love, in Allah we trust
This one's for the workers in the struggle to rise
For the brothers in the pen and the women despised
For all the people's pain from the brain control
For niggas in the game that done lost their soul
Hope goes to the folks don't hold the max
And the ten percent blood suckin askin blacks
To pass the gat, and snatch that book off the shelf
It don't mean shit without knowlege of self
Don't trip when the real clip rip the club
Cause when the brothers get together we gon' all come up
Keep it live in your ear so it's loud and clear
There's no fear keep the people aware with Public Enemy
"The Enemy the Enemy the Enemy the Enemy" {*repeat in background*}
 Huh! Terminator's back
 Hear the beat go
 Let me hear you say c'mon now
 Bring the noise - YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH
 Hey yo check one two
 Guerilla Funk'n, here we go again
 Hear the beat go, P.E
 Cold live, can cold liveEmbed
"Today we are together, we are unified and on runnin' cower
When we are together we got power
That is why we gathered today, celebratin' our own"

We spit flows on foes
Listen to the message that you never know
Got a plan for the man and it's federal
The rhyme animal, back to play the part again
Clear the madness, and put the message in
D, the Enemy is back to rip the mic
We come together, so don't believe the hype
Check my tone, there's a war here at home
We united and strong, and never move alone

We rep justice, equality and freedom now
Put fam first, man, woman and child
Never mild, keep it hostile 'til we raise
Where we say, what we mean and we mean what we say
It's been a long time comin' that we mob as one
Guerrilla Funk, Hard Truth nigga, that's what's up
No peace on the street 'til the justice come
From the ballot to the bullet, if it's on, it's on
You might also like
I ain't lettin' nothin' hold me back or block me
They gon' have to pop me to stop me
See, I ain't lettin' nothin' hold me back or block me
They gon' have to pop me to stop me
Believe, I ain't lettin' nothin' hold me back or block me
They gon' have to pop me to stop me
My brother, I ain't lettin' nothin' hold me back or block me
They gon' have to pop me to stop me
That's real talk on the one

Yo, yo, yo, yo, I'm a target, I got proof
My buildin' got an 'X' on it
Bloomberg threw the hex on it
It's like a pistol with effects on it
On a nigga with arrest warrants
Hittin' pigs in their chests Quadrant where they vest wasn't
Now he dead cousin
All you snitches hit the red buttons, we some Uncle-Tom killers
Mini-nina concealers, political cap-peelers for this freedom for rilla

Yo, if police stop the whip you got to eat them trees
I ain't got no 'G' to give it to them crackers and court fees
You know my steez, security first, prepare for the worst
Never caught slippin' if you stay on alert
Malcolm X said send them to the cemetery if they touch you
A revolutionary virtue, a dull blade'll hurt you
I'm up early workin' my machete
In war, it ain't no warning, you just got to be ready
I ain't lettin' nothin' hold me back or block me
They gon' have to pop me to stop me
My nigga, I ain't lettin' nothin' hold me back or block me
They gon' have to pop me to stop me
My nigga, I ain't lettin' nothin' hold me back or block me
They gon' have to pop me to stop me
You see, I ain't lettin' nothin' hold me back or block me
They gon' have to pop me to stop me, yeah, uha

Yeah, my nigga it's bigger than rap
You really think you gon' be left alone
On sayin' that you believe and ain't gon' have to get your scrap on?
Then yap on, and will see if that's the right route
While I get my clap on and turn niggas' lights out
I tried to be nice, now we gon' have to bleed them
I'm willin' to do a killin' for the price of freedom "that's right"
Comin' from the left, nigga, hood is how we kept it "right"
So prison or death is just somethin' I done accepted
So we'll murder a snake, and we'll kill a skunk "that's right"
This ain't the word of a fake, it's Guerrilla Funk
So right now is the time and you turf the location
Y'all about to see the Rebirth Of a Nation
Even if some got de-rebelized
The revolution still will not be televised
U.S. Government tellin' hell of lies
And it's evident, when you look in this president's devil eyes
I ain't lettin' nothin' hold me back or block me
They gon' have to pop me to stop me
Yeah, I ain't lettin' nothin' hold me back or block me
They gon' have to pop me to stop me
No homie, I ain't lettin' nothin' hold me back or block me
They gon' have to pop me to stop me
My brother, I ain't lettin' nothin' hold me back or block me
They gon' have to pop me to stop me

That's real talk on the one

That is why, I challenged you now
To stand together, raise your fists together
And engage in our national black ??
Do it for courage and determination..
I AM, "I AM" - SOMEBODY "SOMEBODY"
I AM, "I AM" - SOMEBODY "SOMEBODY"
I MAY BE POOR "I MAY BE POOR"
BUT I AM, "BUT I AM" SOMEBODY "SOMEBODY"
I MAY BE ON WELFARE "I MAYBE ON WELFARE"
BUT I AM, "I AM" SOMEBODY "SOMEBODY"
I MAY BE UNSKILLED "I MAY BE UNSKILLED"
BUT I AM, "BUT I AM" SOMEBODY "SOMEBODY"
I AM "I AM" BLACK "BLACK" BEAUTIFUL "BEAUTIFUL" PROUD "PROUD"
I MUST BE RESPECTED "I MUST BE RESPECTED"
I MUST BE PROTECTED " I MUST BE PROTECTED"
WHAT TIME IS IT?  "NATION TIME"
WHEN WE STAND TOGETHER, WHAT TIME IS IT?
WHEN WE SAY NO MORE ??? WHAT TIME IS IT?
WHAT TIME IS IT?
WHAT TIME IS IT?
(*A Great Round Of Applause*)2Embed

Brothers and sisters, this is not a test
I've been asked by Public Enemy leader Chuck D to make this emergency
Announcement
The police in your cities, for all intents and purposes
Have declared open season on black people (hey yo check one two)
Public Enemy was driven into the underground by government forces
However a small resistance is forming
Both Terminator X and Chuck D have resurfaced
Leading a small mobile rebel unit, "The Valley of the Jeep Beats" (1-2-3-4-5-6)

Hard rhyme and the rebel is on the mic
One time, rhyme animal's on the mic
They're still keepin, youth asleep an'
We in the hood with heat and still beatin
And we back with the rap that packs the room
Black tracks with the rhythm that make you move
Can't hush the bumrush, we bust the sound
With these sonic bombs, feel the pressure all around
Raise the level I'm up again rhymin
Ridin on the devil since I began rhymin
Hell we bring back the meat that rap lacks
Cause like I said, we got sold down the river
And I ain't for these racist wars
A lie's fed by these TV whores
I know it's more to news fake the truth
We break through won't lose we move with Public Enemy
You might also like + (Paris)
Hard rhyme when the rebel is on the mic
One time rhyme animal's on the mic
(It's P.E. - whattup - it's on you, brother what'chu wanna do)
(Brother tell me if it's on, it's on)

Now hip-hop was a gift that lifted up
Loved rap 'til the companies ripped it up
Now the soul is set, we've been had like jazz
If you down for change then they take your voice away
And then they tell you the best is white
Co-signed by a nigga that pimped the mic
Make the rule the view that the beef is cool
But what it do is fool the few fools who buy the feud
Keep the people all blind and dumb dancin
Never let a record that wreck become rampant
See the street copycat the crap rap and songs
Not knowin "There's a POISON Goin' On"
'Til the message revealed and I show
But you never get to hear it on the radio
Jack be nimble, Jack be quick, fuck Jack!
Bust that, squeeze, rewind the shit, c'mon

"C'mon now!" DJ Lord
"Here we go again"
"C'mon now!" Guerilla Funk
(Hey yo check one..)

We move as a team to keep them demons out
Y'all know what I'm talkin about
See 'em used, abused, confused us into thinkin that
Bein ghetto mean the same as bein ignorant
And so we strive to rise and get by
No peace for the beast we police and shine the light
Culture vanish on the television pimpin those
On "Cribs" in a home that they never own
Damn! Tell me that once again
Radio and the video don't uplift
Take a stand be demandin all my freedom and my civil rights
Worldwide fight the plan and they genocide
Yes the road is long and hard
And when I'm gone you'll say I did my part
Keep gunnin, we the crew that never lose
On the ones and the motherfuckin twos, Public Enemy
 - 2X
Hey yo check one two
Yeah that's right, Flavor Flav takin you back to the next millineum
You know what I'm sayin? Always cold cold kille-enum
You know what I'm sayin? And I ain't playin
It's all in the message that we're layin
I got a secret weapon, you know what I'm sayin?
Let's take two steps to the rear, we gettin out of here
You know what I'm sayin? Operation Cold Killin 'Em to the next millenium
Flavor Flav, rock the house
Hey yo check one twoEmbed
Public Enemy...
Public Enemy... c'mon!
Public Enemy...
Public Enemy...
Pump the music, pump the sound! (Public Enemy)
Once again we gonna do it like this
Pump the music, pump the sound! (Public Enemy)
Once again we gonna do it like this (c'mon!)
Pump the music, pump the sound! (Public Enemy)
Once again we gonna do it like this
Pump the music, pump the sound! (Public Enemy)
Once again we gonna do it like this

WE ARE AT WAR!!!
 + (Souljah)
The American people, must rise up (WE ARE AT WAR!!!)
Out of the evils of war (WE ARE AT WAR!!!)
The evil of racism, and the evil of politics (WE ARE AT WAR!!!)
I am constantly reminded of the fact (WE ARE AT WAR!!!)

Pump the music, pump the sound! (Public Enemy)
Once again we gonna do it like this
Pump the music, pump the sound! (Public Enemy)
Once again we gonna do it like this (c'mon!)
Pump the music, pump the sound! (Public Enemy)
Once again we gonna do it like this
Pump the music, pump the sound! (Public Enemy)
Once again we gonna do it like this (WE ARE AT WAR!!!)
You might also like + (Sister Souljah)
The war, is only a symptom (WE ARE AT WAR!!!)
Of international militarism (WE ARE AT WAR!!!)
Racism, and imperialism (WE ARE AT WAR!!!)
And an unworkable capitalism (WE ARE AT WAR!!!)
That makes the rich richer and the poor poorer

Public Enemy...
Public Enemy...Embed
Raw shit, hardcore hip-hop hits

Yes, live, real rap's back again
You in tune to the real, Hard Truth Soldier radio
The _Sonic Jihad_ continues
Where you either with us, or you against us
Dogs of the world unite
It's Public Enemy

GOD DAMN I state with my fist uplifted
In a state where our freedom is severely twisted and
Abused, I'm used to rhythm of rebel
I've been fightin this shit with the volume level up to
Ten and spendin my time on the rhyme battlefield
Watchin as my brothers are killed with no justice
Or peace, in the middle of hell
And I was out on the Isle when the two Towers fell
So now you're gonna tell that the war is won
And what's done is done, an all-good _Son of a Bush_
I've been there before, "got a letter from government"
Slid underneath, my front door
The poor get fucked while the rich is still amused
And what's left of the Bill of Rights is pimped and abused
While the patriots actin like kings
But the black is back, I'm all in with the noise I bring!
You might also like
Raw shit, hardcore hip-hop hits

Yeah that's right, we're Public Enemy #1 in New York
Public Enemy #1 in Chicago
Public Enemy #1 in Detroit
Public Enemy #1 in Oakland
Public Enemy #1 in Baltimore
Public Enemy #1 in Miami
Public Enemy #1 in Indiana
Also Public Enemy #1 in L.A., boyeee

Ask yourself why we just get by
While we struggle to maintain, bring sight to the blind
Up against the machine the _Bush Killer_ remain
In between the government and the public that's trained
Where white companies profit off black death
And house nigga rap thugs sell murder to kids
Where the media maintains all thought control
And fake news propaganda serve to rot the soul
We all unified to fight, keep the message and awake black
Open up your eyes, see the enemy and shake that
Bullshit lyin, free your mind, we combine
To combat the perpetrator of the crime design
With fake patri-ots and religion the same
Both blind and repressed, both practicin hate
Both followin the lead of people never concerned
With justice when the motive is the profit return
We servin
Raw shit, hardcore hip-hop hits

Yeah, all day everyday we bring believe
All day everyday the most extreme
All day everyday we bring believe
Yeah, all day everyday we break the scheme

Worldwide vendetta, these reperations above cheddar
We got to fuckin get it together
So each one, teach one, fo' the straggle
Bein black in America's some shit to juggle
They won't give motherfuckers a job
They wanna throw you in the pen when you forced to rob
But the Villain is back, with the Black Panther of rap
Paris my nigga, you other fools never got bigger
I make this whole system quiver
With the street shit I'mma deliver, from my villa
Here I go again scarin people to death
America hold yo' breath, we the last left
And still got my black ass on the bottom
You motherfuckers in the jury that's why I shot 'em
I shot down one, to get away from two
Now tell me what the fuck am I supposed to do
Raw shit, hardcore hip-hop hits

Bust it, we're Public Enemy #1 in D.C
Public Enemy #1 in New Jersey
Public Enemy #1 in Cleveland, Ohio
Public Enemy #1 in Alabama y'all
Public Enemy #1 in Tennessee
Public Enemy #1 in Mississippi
Public Enemy #1 in Philly, in Atlanta
Also we're Public Enemy #1 in St. Louis

But let tell you a little somethin man
I'm tired of all these flatheads and all these coneheads
You know what I'm sayin? I'mma tell you somethin
There's nuttin but spies out there, you know what I'm sayin?
Somebody is always out there with the binoculars
Somebody's always lookin out they window, and you know who know, that
You don't see everybody that see you, you know what I'm sayin?
So yo, to all you spies, creatin nuttin but lies, yo
In your face you need nuttin but pies, pies, pies
Cold pies, you know what I'm sayin?
You know how that go G

Public Enemy #1Embed
Yeah that's right Chuck man, that's what you gotta do
You got to tell 'em JUST LIKE THAT, you know what I'm sayin?
Cause yo, man let me tell you a little somethin man
All these brothers around here fiendin for that crack-a-lack-a-lack
You dig what I'm sayin? Yo man, all they wanna do is get what you got
But when you ain't got nuttin, then they wanna cut you off
So what you gotta do, you gotta play 'em long distance
You know what I'm sayin? I mean long distance
They think we takin shorts, show 'em this is Cold Medina man
C'mon, kick it!

Back one more time, here to put the message in a rough rhyme
It's important that you knowin the time
Cause I'm seein the program, know what I know and
Until we get together we will never be up for sure
So I wreck like I'm posessed by Malcolm X
See the feds want us dead, we too complex
I always speak the truth, comin from me to you
We movin as a unit so you KNOW we refuse to lose
I got my eyes on the lies from Washington
I'm a survivor, I know how the West was won
See a show and tell, the way the CoIntel
Undermind the REAL hip-hop so the cops can trail
But know bad boys move in silence
Save us all from the pain of a life of violence
They tappin my phone, full grown and knowin
And still prone to refute the lies, won't stop until we rise
You might also like + various samples
Rise up! "C'mon, ah-c'mon"
Rise... rise up! "One more time"
We rise... rise up! "C'mon, ah-c'mon"
Rise... rise up! "To the beat y'all"

I'm a hard truth soldier to the bone for change
Demonstrate and seperate the fact from strange
Blame companies killin our children
When the villain's on the record never think for a second that's the way we live
Wanna squeeze on the fleas at MTV
We quiz knots for the cops at BET
Seize the time, always rhymin combinin the antidote
For dope Interscope and fake gangster quotes
Cause I can recollect times when records set
Collect a dead brother you mind if you silence it yet
Rest the program, defeat the beastie
Cause on the street they do as we influenced by what we see
And yes it "Weighs a Ton" I say it once again
That's why the Enemy is down with Paris and KAM
It's all fam, we collide we live
Better decide on which side you ride, won't stop until we rise

Y'all don't know, y'all don't know uhh {*4X*}

I know the power of fame, ain't never playin no games
Never croonin is provin, that we ready for change
Never simpin but they pimpin my people, for the dollars
So I holla back it keep us from EVIL 'til them devils are collared
And like I said it's on, I say it once again
Better know the plan to keep us ignorant
Brother to brother, ain't no other can smother
Or erase my case, we marry words with BASS
Just another wicked rhyme that I'm rappin on
S1's got my back if the clappin come
Pass on the work, makin sure the words are known
Keep 'em nervous, make 'em understand we servin foes
Keep it goin strong, nevertheless, know the enemy
And never back down, you can take it to press
'Less the mic like the art dart told you before
We for the prize emphasis the fight, now c'mon and rise

Embed
"Tell me what you don't like about yourself"
"Uh, I need liposuction, under my chin - and everywhere
I hate the bump on my nose, I hate my breasts, and my stomach has stretch marks. They make me sick - I'd like those to go away. Been saving up my money for this"

What if she tried to get her face erased like it was commonplace
Maybe just crazy because the doctor said she could
With new hips and tits, maybe fuller lips
All it take a day and some pay, for the tuck and nip
Call the Hoover remover, by the time they was through her
Her whole body would look the way she thought it should
They shake a splatter of fat and move from this to that
Like Frankenstein but blind because it's in her mind
Don't know what she felt, or why she hated herself
Maybe dolls and shows, or maybe videos
Now it's plain to see, the girl loves TV
Because she's chasin' a dream we know can never be
Was all part of the plan to keep her lookin' right
Thinkin' she could be Janet, if she took the knife
It's not a sin to be thin, she tryin' hard to fit in
Knowin' soon she'll be a citizen, of the Plastic Nation

Tell me what you don't like about yourself
I wanna change my face, and I wanna change my body, I wanna change my body
Tell me what you don't like about yourself
I wanna change my face, it would be sogreat
You might also like
Now she was more crazy than lazy 'til she had a baby
Tryin' to move and improve upon on what God gave her
Just like the swan she thought she had it goin on
But never once thought it was wrong or that it wouldn't save her
Went to the clinic was in it for over half a day
As they sliced and diced and put the parts in place
Her body's bruised, abused, cause her mind's confused
Bent on livin a lie but never satisfied
And you know it ain't right, that's somebody's daughter
Now her face is so tight that you can bounce a quarter
And the feeling ain't back, they said it'll never be back
She's a creature with features, broken out of order
That's why we try to find a way to get inside
And make you love your life and never need the knife
It's not a sin to be thin, don't need to bleed to fit in
Now she's another citizen, of the Plastic Nation


I need liposuction
I'd like bigger calves
I need liposuction
And, I'd also like to go up to a C cup
Tell me what you don't like about yourself
Maybe I could have her ears
Maybe I could have her ears, and I like her nose
Tell me what you don't like about yourself
Because they don't stick out like ours does see
{​*suction sounds*}​Embed
Yooooooooooooooooooooo!
That's what I got everybody up in the Bronx sayin
(Get the fuck outta here)
Everybody up in the Bronx is sayin yooooooooooooooooooooo!
That's Flav shit nigga

They call me Flavor, Flavoristic majestic Flavor
Don't you know that I'm the Flavor that you gave-ah
I'm in the life that you live when you..
Ahh do it again {*laughing*}

Now they call me Flavor
I'm in the shot that you shoot when you swishin
I'm in your dip and your dive when you dippin
I'm the aroma in your motherfuckin kitchen (Now that shit's hot!)
Now they call me Flavor
I'm in your mouth when you wake up in the mornin (DAMN!)
I'm the stink on your breath when you yawnin (WHAT!)
I'm in the milk in the cows of the corn an'
Flavor Flav is the Flav, a mack
Flavor Flav will never stick you in your back
Flavor Flav is on the reel to reel
Flavor Flav is in what you feel, BOYEEE!
Now they call me Flavor
Flav will never stick you in your back
Flavor Flav is on the reel to reel, oh noooo!
Aiyyo {?} I don't know what the fuck I'm sayin
You might also like

YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH!!
Get up get up get up and get down
Rock to the beat of a funky sound
Beat so sweet won't never go sour
Day by day every minute of the hour
The mornin hard eggs and tell me what's new
Got nuttin else to do but drink brew
Tryin to feel the flow, gettin so low
Standin there drinkin a quart of Old Gold
That's right, that's the way we gonna do it
And that's the way we gonna get through it
That's why I put my mind to it
And that's the way we gonna get through it {*laughing*}
South Freeport, break down
That's, where my families frown
After dark, Centennial Park
Go to Jones Beach, get on the back of a shark


GET IT NOW! WHAT?! HUH!
But I ain't playin, you know what I mean?
Ohhh shit, one more time
If you really want it put I can put a nigga's light out
On the strength but I don't go that length
Cause, Flavor Flav don't live on that tip G
But don't get sleep on me
I get lurky boy
When you eat a beef jerky boy
Suey sauce and soy boy
I did it to 'em with Roy boy, whaaaaaaaaat?


C'mon, WHAT! Daaamn
C'mon, the rap Superman, CHAAAAAAAAAAARGE
YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH YEAH

Bring that beat back (hehehehe)
Bring that beat back (brrrrrrrr)
Bring that beat back {*snickering*}
Bring that beat back
Do you know what I ain't got time to waste on this shit all night
Fuck that, fuck that you know cause I got other shit to do
We gone!Embed
Our society is fucked up, they're fucking our brothers and sisters up
These white motherfuckers have fucked us up...
This ain't by no goddamn accident...

Cameras, action, lights, what?
Lookout, civil rights
Whiplash, po-po, fed-lillers, killin' kids
Crisis, c'mon, get it now, sound
COINTEL, going down
Projects, pop offs, issues, payback
Sickness, lockdown, get it
Free Mumia and H. Rap Brown
Before you get what you want, gotta give the people what they need
What you know about Soul
If you got's none then we'll loan ya some...
C'mon!

Flow on, the project, the pop off
Low tempo to go off, COINTEL better go to hell
Bout that time hear the bell y'all .. (c'mon)
Gotta lotta nerve never knowing Assata
Gotcha mind wading in the water, contract
Gotcha, Motown, Stax, bring the beat back
(Bring that beat back!)
The Sound, free Mumia and H. Rap Brown
Sure enough going down now
Jamil Al Amin, nah mean? (yeah)
Y'all missin' this is like dissin' this
See your Uncle Sam pissing on this
He's running real low on my shit list
Take 'em all out with the quickness
You might also likeBefore you get what you want, gotta give the people what they need
Before you get what you want, gotta give the people what they need
Cameras, action, lights
What, lookout, civil rights
Whiplash, po-po, fed-lillers, killin' kids
Crisis, c'mon, get it now, sound
COINTEL, going down
Lookout!
Before you get what you want.. gotta give the people what they need
Before you get what you want.. gotta give the people what they need
Before you get what you want.. gotta give the people what they need
Before you get what you want.. gotta give the people what they need

New breed of MC and get the flow on
Body, mind, soul enough to go on
Ughh!! Better go on
Gotta get on so I can spit on
Guitar to get on the pick on (damn)
Shuffle now, the popcorn
Free H. Rap c'mon
Nothing new uhh.. better walk on
Ughhh... get my talk on
Never knew a {?} to get your money on
So on and so on
Do it like Mike - "Sha-mon!"
The original right here, Uptown Saturday Night
Uggghhh, get it, and get your head right...
Ya'll don't know nothin' about this ... ughhh
Real thing ughhh make your soul ring
Before you get what you want.. gotta give the people what they need
Before you get what you want.. gotta give the people what they need
Cameras, action, lights
What, lookout, civil rights
Whiplash, po-po, fed-lillers, killin' kids
Crisis, c'mon, get it now, sound
COINTEL, going down
Going down, going down, going down, going down
Going down, going down, going down, going down
Going down, going down, going down, going down
Going down, down, down, downEmbed
Watch the door, Chuck D, Public Enemy
Paris, Guerilla Funk, Rebirth of a Nation, 2006
Everybody needs somebody to watch the door as it's goin' on
Securin you, who's securin' what?
Watch the door

Now I'm down to do your thing if your thing's the right thing
P.E. ain't tryin to hear no fat lady sing (naw)
Don't get it twisted cause we still love the music in the past
Through the years see them use it then abuse it
Some of these cats ain't sat down, washed their hands
And say to the grace to the game, so they're a disgrace to the race
Dig it, P-Dog we be diggin them party joints
Beats for everybody joints
Takin care: persevere. I'm makin my point
Listen, around the world rap speaks for the poor
You on the floor, we at the door
Rob the rich, give to the poor

Rob the rich, give to the poor
Give back to get back cause we watch the door

Cause it's about to go down these cowboys have jumped the corral
Survival yeah we got the nerve to serve
Like a hip-hop bible, don't libel
Guerilla Funk, they got the title
The late great, no need to donate dollars
I don't care if they poppin collars and holla's
Who can't think between drinks, Chuck D I'm the driver
Hard act to follow, I think for tomorrow
Remix of old P.E. hits, I ain't up against it
If it was up to me I'd give it all away (yeah)
Anyway, uploads for my people to download
Shit so hot, iPods explode
One at a time baby, for your mind baby
Uhh, to keep your soul in control baby
Not crazy this party's for everybody
You on the floor, and I be watchin the door
You might also like - 2X

"You sold us out!"
"They don't pay you enough to do that boy"
"You sold us out!"
"Some things you don't sell"
"You sold us out!"
"They don't pay you enough to do that boy"
"You sold us out!"
"Too much, get away from stuff like that"

Multiply, do not divide
Think globally, act locally
Passport, showin no support
Makin World War III, lookin like a sport
Human race, in the only place
We know as Earth, right in our face
And the firebombs, and the toxic waste
Will leave this world without a trace
And we don't want no other war
Too late the feds done closed the door
And we the peeps get spoken for
The people want peace but the people get a quota
Got the cure, high price for sure
Fix the rich, and damn the poor
Laptops, shoes, off says the law
Make love, fuck the war
 - 2X (fades out)

You're damn right!
Public Enemy, Rebirth of a Nation
Paris, Guerilla Funk
2006 for yo' bad ass
Yeah, somebody gotta watch the damn door!Embed
It's a bird, a plane, and the sound remains the same
Brothas gotta rap
Brothas gotta rap (Revolverlution)
Brothas gotta rap (Hear the beat go, revolverlution)
Here I am, Superman again
Cause you know damn well I'll never be the man again
Here I go, on upload, stand up and watch the game unfold
3 minutes to download
Revolverlution, make your brains explode
When understanding, knowledge, wisdom
Love, elevation and and activism
Let's call it raptivism
Since a lot of MCs be stuck on isms
As in sexism, self hate racism
Why many cats end up stuck in prison
Youth slavery is what you see and
Is what you be mentality
Beyond reality a fantasy
But that fantasy is kilin me
I don't give a damn if you bounce to this
I don't give a damn if you shake to this
But I give a damn that you overstand
Revolverlution, the Rap Superman
You might also likeBrothas gotta rap
Brothas gotta rap
Brothas gotta rap
Revolverlution, The final frontier
And I'm outta here
Have no fear some of these rhymes wear a cape
But the record don't fit on a stack of Bushshit
Sick and tired of bein sick and tired
If what you want is what you need
If you can see yourself beyond the weed
Pappa bringin on a new breed of MCs
You know what? Wooo wheee!
Face it, tell me why ex-fans be hatin
The present state of the hip hop nation
Maybe it's your president of the corporation
Is why we in this situation
Some is dumb, double up the drums
Hear the beat go..
Watch em all come
Damn! Revolverlution
You know who? The Rap Superman
Brothas gotta rap
Brothas gotta rap
Brothas gotta rap
Hear the beat go!
Let the brothas rap!
Let the brothas rap!
Let the brothas rap!
Double up the drums
The Rap Superman, cut off the program
Raised the whole fam
Now that sounds hot, I stopped the robots
Children of the gone who the grown forgot
Lost and then found ex lovers of hip hop
Who watched another artform gone to rot
Beyond the bushes I save a lot
Under the underground sound of hip hop
And even if this joint gets hot
You'll still never ever know what I got
Revolverlution all up in this spot
Now the rubber hits the road
Broke the motherload
Download! And hear the beat go...
Hear the beat go!
Hear the beat go!Embed
Land of the free but the skin I'm in identifies me
So the people around me energize me
Callin' all aboard this train ride
Talkin' 'bout raw hardcore, leavin' frauds on the outside
But the bad thing is anyone can ride the train
And the reason for that is cause we look the same
Lookin' all around at my so-called friend
Light skin to the brown, the black, here we go again
Homey over there knows Keith and but he be thiefin'
I don't trust him, rather bust 'em up
Out goes his hand and I cough
He once stole from me; yeah, I wanna cut it off
The black thing is a ride I call the nighttrain
It rides the good and the bad, we call the monkey trained
Trained to attack the black it's true
Cause some of them look just like you

Stayin' on the scene, sittin' on the train
See all the faces look about the same
There go the sellout who's takin' a ride like Cargo
Cause he deal the keys from Key Largo
Runnin' Nat narcotic, by George he got it
Takin' makin' the G erotic
And the fiends they scheme so he can put 'em down
But his method is wreck 'em, put 'em in tha ground
Got tha nerve as hell to yell brother man
He ain't black man cuz he ate his Pac Man
Known to murder his own, traitor on the phone
Ridin' the train, self-hater trained to sell pain
The master's toy, little boy
Hard to avoid he look wit' it but he null 'n' void
Cause he ridin' the train you think he down for the cause
Cause his face looks just like yours
You might also like(CL Smooth)
The conductor, track the structure overstood
Nighttrain the plain, little engine that could
One express so let's next stops Mecca
A place to face to make a black man better
CL and Chuck D, we don't talk rubbage
But just like a slave, we gotta ride wit the luggage
On the nighttrain

More of the same insane who sayin' like flowin'
Like nighttrain, runnin' the pain of the black reign
You look, you laugh, you doubt and go out and I'm gone
But the bass goes on
To talk the talk, but walk the walk, the king of New York
Crack a lack attack the black to crack the back
Once again I test a friend with sincerity
Or consider him an enemy
Who am I to tell a lie
Rather push the Bush
Hope da cracker get crushed
I'm rollin' wit Rush
Leader of the bum rush
Russian I ain't spreadin' like paint
Lookin' at the put I got and its kickin'
But it ain't chicken but it's livin' for a city
So sick and tired
Of a scene buckwild, piled in a file
Senile or chile
They said it never been no worser than this
I'm on the nighttrain, they hope ya don't miss it
Give ya what they gotta give you just go
You musn't just put your trust in every brother yo
Some don't give a damn
Cause they the other man
Worse than a bomb
Posin' as Uncle Toms
Disgracin' the race and blowin' up the whole crew
With some of them lookin' just like you1Embed
Oh, Chuck, they out to get us, man
Yo, we got to dust these boys off

In this corner with the '98
Subject of suckers, object of hate
Who's the one some think is great?
I'm that one (son of a gun!)
Drivin' by wavin' my fist
Makin' 'em mad when I'm goin' like this
Top gun, never on the run
(They know not to come 'cause they all get some)
Goin' quicker in the speedin' lane
Jealous can't do it and it's causin' them pain
Caught in my smoke, all they did was choke
Look at my spokes, you know I'm no joke
Out that window, middle finger for all
Jealous at my ride, stereo and blackwalls
Suckers they got the nerve and gall
(To talk about the car when they're walkin' tall)

Suckers to the side, I know you hate my '98
(You're gonna get yours!)
Suckers to the side, I know you hate my '98
(You're gonna get yours!)
You might also like
Pullin' away every day
Leavin' you in the dust so you know I get paid
On the mile ego trip and 5-0 tailin' on my tip
Watch me burn rubber, fall in my flame
This episode is always the same
Seein' no comp coming like I'm blind
All left back trailin' my behind
I go faster, cops try to shoot me
They'll get theirs when they try to get me
I'll let it go, my turbo
Run 'em in the river 'cause they're movin' too slow
Laughing hard at their attempt
So what if the judge charges me contempt?
I'd rub my boomerang 'cause I'm feelin' proud
And I wouldn't even hear 'em 'cause my radio's loud

Suckers to the side, I know you hate my '98
(You're gonna get yours!)
Suckers to the side, I know you hate my '98
(You're gonna get yours!)s

Cruisin' down the boulevard
I'm treated like some superstar
You know the time so don't look hard
(Get with it, the ultimate homeboy car!)
All you suckers in the other ride
Whenever I'm comin' get to my side
My '98 is tough to chase
If you're on my tail better watch your face
Smoke is comin' when I burn
Rubber when my wheels turn
Tinted windows, so super bad
Lookin' like the car the Green Hornet had
It's the reason I'm ahead of the pack
It's the reason I left them back
It's the reason all the people say
My '98 Olds blows 'em all away
My '98 Oldsmobile's so ("Su—" "Su—" "Su—")
My '98 Oldsmobile is ("Su—" "Su—" "Su—")
My '98 Oldsmobile's so ("Su—" "Su—" "Su—")
My '98 Oldsmobile's like ("Super sperm")

Suckers to the side, I know you hate my '98
(You're gonna get yours!)
Suckers to the side, I know you hate my '98
(You're gonna get yours!)

Understand, I don't drive drunk
My '98's fly, I don't drive no junk
No cop got a right to call me a punk
Take this ticket, go to hell and stick it
Put me on a kick but line up, time's up
This government needs a tune-up
I don't even know what's happenin', what's up?
Gun in my chest, I'm under arrest
Sidewalk suckers wanted to spill me
So I got my crew and posse
Took the girls and got them to thrill me
Stepped outside, got in my ride
Drove 'em around and I looked around town
Caught 'em out there cold, ran 'em over and down
They didn't get me and that's the truth
('Cause my '98-O is bulletproof)
My '98 Oldsmobile's so ("Su—" "Su—" "Su—")
My '98 Oldsmobile is ("Su—" "Su—" "Su—")
My '98 Oldsmobile's so ("Su—" "Su—" "Su—")
My '98 Oldsmobile's like ("Super sperm")Embed
"Public-Public-Public Enemy"

I'm cold gettin' busy while I'm shakin' you down
I'm on the air, you're on the ground
Chuck D, the enemy, words you heed
Built for speed, but what you need is
Funky fresh lyrics fallin' down on time
Your enemy poppin' it, droppin' dime
Comin' out rockin' a tomahawk slam
And still gettin' fly with the mike in my hand
I'm cold coolin' out, layin in the shade
Dealers buggin 'cause they're gonna get sprayed
Their intimidator, your Scarface
What's goin' on (huh) what's takin' place
I don't wear gold but I clock ducats
'Cause I have the money overflowing out of buckets
You want crazy dollars, I make people holler
You stick 'em up stupid and I'm snatching biters collars
'Cause I'm

"Public-Public-Public Enemy"

I'll rebuild the mine to alleviate
Unnecessary pressures that can recreate
The sting that stung Yama-Goochie Foo Yung
He bit the Public Enemy he really got hung
'Cause his brain was gettin' bigger than a pregnant toad
His heartbeat stopped 'cause of overload
I made the beat that broke his back
I cut his circulation made his world turn black
I find out things like E.S.P
I've got Kreskin's brain velocity
Like Alexander Mundy, I'm in like Flint
Mercedes limousine with a hardcore tint
I'm captain of the ship, I make 'em walk the planks
Riding round the world, hundred sixty million francs
Not like the kind that you put on the grill
'Cause I only do it like that when I'm on a chill hill
I'm the
You might also like
"Public-Public-Public Enemy"

I'm goin' for the money that man ever made
Gettin' thrills from orders that the suckers obeyed
It's gettin' late and I can't wait
To drive by the bus and rock my tape
My car is movin' fast, like a train
Never skiddin' off the road, not even in the rain
I'm cold dodgin' tickets, rockin' all the jams
Makin' biters step back and understand
I got to the beach, the ground was so sandy
Girls on my jock like ants on candy
Checking out the fellas with the girls on the side
Put ya boat in the water, let's take a ride
To the land of party people rocking shocking to the beat
Keep ya eyes on ya girl 'cause ya know I'm gonna cheat
I'm gonna max and relax and chill my will
Body rockin', brain shockin' makes your heart stand still
Where's the

"Public-Public-Public Enemy"1Embed
Time is gettin' crazy, people clockin' out
They're robbin' all the cribs on a death wish route
Breakin' into cars trying to steal their system
20 pounds on the bar, betcha can't lift 'em
Ya throw two punches, now you got no wind
Hittin' mega pipes, gettin' super stupid thin
Smokin' all the squares, crying all the tears
Cause you're workin' for ya boy, ya came short and full of swears
Ya couldn't make the money 'cause ya smoked up the product
Walkin' round the town, skeptalepsy illaroduct
Can't be trusted cause you're living in the past
Ya should have kept yo ass away from that blast

Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit (Megablast)
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit
(Megablast)
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit (Megablast)
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit
(Megablast)
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit

I got a homeboy who is out on the block
He sells more crack than they sell fish at the dock
He runs to every car, thinkin' he's a star
He gets his product snatched by some people in a car
The car pulls off, as he hangs onto the side
Of the car that is in motion, guess his product took a ride
He tried to sell a dime for a thirty dollar bill
Fake gold plate on the back, no frill
Fake Hawaiian suit (and he got) scratched up knees
In his 'fridgerator, bread, water, cheese
An antique fork, how long will it last?
We'll see in twelve minutes when he wants that blast
You might also like
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit (Megablast) (Megablast...m-megablast)
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit
(Megablast, blast, m-megablast)
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit
(Megablast) (Blast, m-megablast)
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit (Megablast) (Megablast, blast, m-megablast)
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit (Megablast, blast, m-megablast)
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit
(Megablast) (M-megablast, m-m...m-megablast)
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit (Megablast...m-megablast)
Oh please, oh please, oh please, just gimme just one more hit (Megablast, blast, m-megablast)

Yo Chuck, bust a move man
I was on my way up here to the studio, you know what I'm saying?
And this brother stopped me and asked me, "Yo, what's up with that brother Chuckie D, he swear he nice?"
I said, "Yo, the brother don't swear he nice, he knows he's nice", you know what I'm saying?
So Chuck, we got a feeling you turning into a Public Enemy, man
Now remember that line you was kicking to me on the way out to L.A. Laurelton Queens while we was in the car on our way to the shop?
Well yo, right now, kick the bass for them brothers and let 'em know... What, goes, on!
What goes on? Well...

I'm all in, put it up on the board
Another rapper shot down from the mouth that roared
One, two, three, down for the count
The result of my lyrics, oh yes, no doubt
Cold rock rap, forty-niner supreme
Is what I choose and I use, I never lose to a team
'Cause I can go solo like a Tyson bolo
Make the fly girls wanna have my photo
Run in their room, hang it on the wall
In remembrance that I rocked them all
Suckers, ducks, ho-hum emcees
You can't rock the kid, so go cut the cheese
Take this application of rhymes like these
My rap's red hot, hundred ten degrees
So don't start bassing, I'll start placing
Bets on that you'll be disgracing
You and your mind from my beating from my rhymes
A time for a crime that I can't find
I'll show you my gun, my Uzi weighs a ton
Because I'm Public Enemy number one
You might also like
One, one, one
One, one, one, one!
(One, one, one, hoo-hah!)

You got no rap, but you want to battle
It's like having a boat, but you've got no paddle
'Cause I never pause, I say it because
I don't break in stores, but I break all laws
Written while sitting, all bidding not hidden
Giving me the juice that you're not getting
I'm not a law obeyer, so you can tell your mayor
I'm a non-stop, rhythm rock, poetry sayer
I'm the rhyme player, the ozone layer
A battle what? Here's a bible, start your prayer
This word to the wise is justified
If they ask you what happened, just admit you lied
You just got caught up for going out of order
And now you're serving football teams their water
You messed with the Master, word to Chuck
And I waxed cold taxed, make sure you got dunked
You just got dissed, all but dismissed
Sucker duck emcees, you get me pissed
It's no fun being on the run
Because they got me Public Enemy number one
One, one, one
One, one, one, one!
Don't you know, don't you know

I got a posse of a force to back me up
Watch out, we got mettle to match
Ambush attack on my back, double-team you get creamed
So we have it, so you won't catch
Wanna hear it again? We got a force, enemy down
The L.I. circuit sound
And Chuckie D, myself, and K-Jee
Flavor, DJ Melo-D
Oh yes, I presume it's the tunes that make us groom
To make all the ladies swoon
But it's also the words from our direction, the homeboy section
Kicking like Bruce Lee's "Chinese Connection"
On stereo, never ever mono
On wax, yes, I'm talking about vinyl
They said "Stop! Freeze!", I got froze up
Because I'm Public Enemy number one

One, one, one
One, one, one
One, one, one!
For all you
Suckers, liars, your cheap amplifiers
Your crossed up wires are always starting fires
You grown up criers, now here's a pair of pliers
Get a job like your mother, heard she fixes old dryers
You have no desires, your father fixes tires
You try to sell your equipment but you get no buyers
It's you they never hire, you're never on flyers
'Cause you and your crew is only known as good triers
Known as the poetic, political, lyrical son
I'm Public Enemy number one

One, one, one
One, one, one
One, one, one!

Yeah, that's right Chuck, man
That's what you gotta do
You gotta tell 'em just like that, you know what I'm saying
'Cause yo man, let me tell you a little something man
These brothers running around, hard headed
They get a little jealous, you know what I'm saying
Just like that, you know, they're trying to bring you down with them
But yo Chuck, you got to let them know who's who in the world to be
You got to let them know, that this is the 80's
And we can get all the ladies
And in the backyard we got a fly Mercedes
And that's the way the story goes
That's just the way the story goes
Let me tell you a little something man4Embed
Hey, Chuck, we got some non-believers out there…
Yo, we got to do somethin' about that, man…
Yo, we got to get stupid
Yo, we gotta let ‘em know what time it is

You go ooh and aah when I jump in my car
People treat me like Kareem Abdul Jabbar
No matter who you are, when I'm up to par
I betcha go hip hop, hurray or hurrah
But the aahs and oohs is my kind of news
Pop your tape in, put your car in cruise
I never heard the boos, I never drank booze
'Cause I just rock the rhythm, left alone the blues
The L.I. mystique, you sneak to peek
A look and then you know that we're never weak
I know you can't wait, it's never too late
No fear I'm here, and everything is straight
Cycles, cycles, life runs in cycles
New is old, no I'm not no psycho
The monkey on the back makes the best excel
The people in the crowd makes the rock well
The people in the back lets you know who's wack
And those who lack, the odds are stacked
The one who makes the money is white not black
You might not believe it but it is like that
When you come to my show, watch me throw
Down with the other brothers toe to toe
When you make a move, new not used
And watch the bro here just bust a groove
A fat lady soprano, loads my ammo
Hear my jam with a funky piano
Easy on the wall but hard on the panel
A fool smokes Kools 'cause he chokes on Camels
In effect, the crew's in check
Run by the posse with the gold around the neck
Homeboy's in heat, lookin' for sweet
Ladies in the crowd so they can meet
Somebody to body, makin' a baby
Givin' it to grandma then makin' her crazy
I'm a MC protector, U.S. defector
South African government wrecker
Panther power, you can feel it in my arm
Lookout y'all 'cause I'm a timebomb
Tickin', tockin', all about rockin'
Makin' much dollars while the crazy one's clockin'
The rhythm, to shake the house downy down
Bounce to the ounce, sound so crown
The man, the enemy, Public King, no thing
All fall to the force of my swing
Like Ali, Frazier, Thriller in Manila
Pinpoint, point blank, microphone killer
Am I, no need to lie, got the Flavor Flav
To prove I'll win and if not the save
I'll pick up, rack up, put your whole shack up
Just choose to lose the bet, emcee stick up
This is the wiz, but the mic's not his
It's mine, one time, let the star shine
And I'm tellin' you, yellin' at you, you're through
Don't think you're grown 'cause your mustache grew
I'm number one, you know it weighs a ton
And I'll be the burger, you can be the bun, girl
Surroundin', my steady poundin'
Get on down to my funky sound, and
Rock the rhythm rhyme, one time your mind
Rhythm roll, two-time control
The mauler and the caller of your doom
And when I'm ready to leave, you're gonna know I go boom
Three times y'all, rhythm rhyme and rock
Then you'll that the D is on the block
Four times y'all and never ever the wack
It's the hour to the minute, time to blow, blackYou might also like2Embed
That woman in the corner, cold playin' the role
Leave her ass in the corner till her feet get cold
Knowin' for a fact, that girl is whack
If you hold your hand out, she'll turn her back
Better walk, don't talk, she's all pretend
Can't be her friend unless you spend
Wall to wall, after all
Get ready to throw only money at the bitch
'Cause she thinks she's

So-(Phisticated)
So-(Phisticated)
So-(Phisticated)
So-(Phisticated)

Peekin' and seekin' inside a book
Her demands for a man with a chemical look
Wishes and desires, getting worse with age
She don't want a man, all she wants is a page
Ain't got a man so she goes to a club
She think it's classy but it's really a pub
But that's the kind of place where she likes to go
The bitch got a problem
'Cause she thinks she's
You might also like
So-(Phisticated)
So-(Phisticated)
So-(Phisticated)
So-(Phisticated)

Jackets, shoes, everyday ties
The girl only wants one of those guys
Suckers who front like it ain't no thing
Pretend to be friends, don't want that thang
Talk like this, uh don't talk slang
Do anything to get that thang
Tries to be chic and playin' it off
Peekin' through the window, I saw her take her clothes off
Nasty girl, a stone cold freak
Stayin' in the bed a whole goddamn week
Comin' and leavin' guys servin' up storms
From execs with checks, boys from the dorms
Never kept a name, never seen a face
She could pass 'em in the street like it never took place
I know she's a ho so I'ma go
Expose the funky bitch
'Cause she thinks she's

So-(Phisticated)
So-(Phisticated)
So-(Phisticated)
So-(Phisticated)
Now she wants a sucker boy with an attache
And if you ain't got it, she'll turn you away
You can smile with style as you profile
'Cause you got a gold tooth and she thinks you're wild
She don't want a brother that's true and black
If you're light, you're alright, better you stay back
'Cause the sucker with the bag is out the cat
With somethin' in his bag keepin' her attached
The man got a plan, it's IBM
The devil at her level, yes it is him
His Audi she rides, his gold and clothes
The ill base method, turnin' up her nose
Lack a lack a lack, cold beamin' her up
She still got the nerve to turn her funky nose up
Her status looks at us from down below
Now the bitch is in trouble
'Cause she was

So-(Phisticated)
So-(Phisticated)
So-(Phisticated)
So-(Phisticated)

Little is known about her past
So listen to me 'cause I know her ass
Used to steal money out her boyfriend's clothes
And never got caught, so the story goes
She kept doin' that to all her men
Found the wrong man when she did it again
And still to this day people wonder why
Did he beat the bitch down til she almost died?
...Phisticated2Embed
Mind over matter, mouth in motion
Can't defy it 'cause I'll never be quiet
Let's start this right

You spend a buck in the eighties, what you get is a preacher
Forgivin' this torture of the system that brought 'cha
I'm on a mission and you got that right
Addin' fuel to the fire, punch to the fight
Many have forgotten what we came here for
Never knew or had a clue, so you're on the floor
Just growin', not knowin' about your past
Now you're lookin' pretty stupid while you're shakin' your ass

Mind over matter, mouth in motion
Can't defy' cause I'll never be quiet
Let's start this right

Some people fear me when I talk this way
Some come near me, some run away
Some people take heed to every word I say
Some wanna build a posse, some stay away
Some people think that we plan to fail
Wonder why we go under, or we go to jail
Some ask us why we act the way we act
Without lookin' how long they kept us back
You might also like
Mind over matter, mouth in motion
Can't defy it 'cause I'll never be quiet
Let's start this right

Yes you, if I bore you, I won't ignore you
I'm sayin' things that they say I'm not supposed to
Give you pride that you may not find
If you're blind about your past, then I'll point behind
Kings, queens, warriors, lovers
People proud, sisters and brothers
It's their biggest fear, suckers get tears
When we can top their best idea

Mind over matter, mouth in motion
Can't defy it 'cause I'll never be quiet
Let's start this right

Mind revolution, our solution
Mind over matter, mouth in motion
Corners don't sell it, no, you can't buy it
Defy it, 'cause I'll never be quiet
Let's start this right
Our solution, mind revolution
Can't sell it, no you can't buy it in a potion
You lie about the life that you wanted to try
Tellin' me about a head, you decided to fly
Another brother with the same woes that you face
But you shot with the same hands, you fall from grace
Every brother should be every brother's keeper
But you shot him with your left while your right was on your beeper

Mind over matter, mouth in motion
Can't defy it 'cause I'll never be quiet
Let's start this right

As the world turns, it's a terrible waste
To see the stupid look stuck on your face
Time bomb alarm for the world, just try it
Known to all zones as the one-man riot
I'm on a mission to set you straight
Children, it's not too late
Explain to the world when it's plain to see
To be what the world doesn't want us to be

Mind over matter, mouth in motion
Can't defy it 'cause I'll never be quiet
Let's start this3Embed
Yo! Bum rush the show, yo! Bum rush the show
Yo! Bum rush the show, yo! Bum rush the show

I am taking no prisoners, taking no shorts
Breakin' with the metal of a couple of forts
While we're hearin' that boom supplement the mix
We're gonna rush 'em like the Bears in the 46
Homeboys I don't know but they're part of the pack
In the plan against the man, bum rush attack
For the suckers at the door, if you're up and around
For the suckers at the door, we're gonna knock you right down

Yo! Bum rush the show, yo! Bum rush the show
Yo! Bum rush the show, yo! Bum rush the show

Yo, what clown is this, you're gonna tell us, man
That we can't get inside your spot? Yo man
Let me tell you somethin', man, we came all the way
Down here from the Welsh, ya know what I'm sayin'?
Yo man, you're talkin' about gettin' busy, yo, you wanna
Get busy? Come on, let's step to the back, ya know what I'm sayin'?
I take you to the back and show you some of my techniques
And I'll stomp a mudhole in your ass, bitch
You might also like
Searchin' my body for fuckin' what?
My gun's just for fun and my knife don't cut
How can I make you understand?
I get ill on a posse with my goddamn hands
Troubles, not me, I don't mean to cause
But you took one look and began to pause
Didn't holla at the dollar we was willin' to spend
But you took one look, wouldn't let our ass in

Yo! Bum rush the show, yo! Bum rush the show
Yo! Bum rush the show, yo! Bum rush the show

Yo holmes, I don't know what you're talkin' about, man
But yo, bust a move man, yo, me and my crew
We were in a four limo over last night, ya know
What I'm sayin'? And they are on their way my crib, man
Now yo, when you get up on stage and you start
Talkin' that garbage, man, yo, me and my crew gon' cold crash
The side door, ya know what I'm sayin'? Talkin' about a nine?
Yo, a nine ain't gonna stop the bum rush, holmes

Yo! Bum rush the show, yo! Bum rush the show
Yo! Bum rush the show, yo! Bum rush the show
Cold bum rushin' doors like at first it's something
All we realize that the show ain't nothin'
For the stunts and the blunts, whole world inside
The reason that the mighty used force supplied
No comp', we'll stomp all in our way
Gave me static, so I don't pay
It might be a trick that you don't like
Comin' in the side door then I'm grabbin' the mic
Walkin' and talkin', fistful in the air
It might seem like that we don't care
A ho for an oh, a pow for an ow
Girls start screamin', all I say is wow
Get that sucker who shot that gun
Whip his monkey ass til it ain't no fun
5-O showed and wouldn't you know
They blamed it on the kid 'cause all I said was

Yo! Bum rush the show, yo! Bum rush the show
Yo! Bum rush the show, yo! Bum rush the show

Yeah man, yo, I was at the park last night, ya know what I'm sayin'?
Gold clocks for mega dollars, man an' these brothers, man
Walked up to me talkin' about they was gonna stick me up
Man, yo, man, let me tell you somethin', man
These are the same brothers, man, that tried to
Stick up , ya know what I'm sayin'?
But yo, I got a posse, man that wouldn't let them
Bum rush my operation, ya know what I'm sayin'?1Embed
Testing, one-two
Testing, one-two
The house is now on fire
Spread the walls y'all
Everybody get somebody we don't want anybody let fuck nobody
'Cause you know what time it is
It's time to get busy
And when it's time to get busy
You know what you gotta do
You gotta

Raise the roof because it's all on fire
Not done by the sun or electrical wire
Not done by sons striking matches with daughters
But done by scratches so save that water
This jam is packed so I just figure
All we need is the house to get bigger
So startin' with the roof down to the base
We're at your service to burn the place, come on!

"Come on"
Come on, raise the roof
That's right, raise the roof
"Come on"
You might also like
With the spot as hot as it can get
And the roof's on fire, you're soakin' wet
The puzzle on your face shows as you sweat
But your body keeps movin' with no regret
Chandeliers shake, swing from front to back
Left to right all night, and the lights don't crack
Your mind's on the time, hopin' it don't end
'Cause it's time to get stupid, here we go again, come on

Come on"
Come on, raise the roof
"Come on"
That's right, raise the roof y'all
"Come on"

Stare at the strobe, pull your earlobe
For the sights and sounds clear across the globe
This jam might hit or miss the charts
But the style gets wild as state of the art
Dazzling in science, bold in nerve
But givin' my house what it deserves
Served on the floor 'cause I got paid
Make the fans that left, wished they had'a stayed
Realize my friend, ain't this a trip
As your body gets railed when you do the flip
And your mind gets rocked when we're on the roll
Then the freak of the week makes you lose control
A Swatch for a watch, so you'll know the time
Your crowd gets loud and you clock my rhyme
The messiah's on fire and I'm living proof
I'll quench your desire and raise your roof
Come on, raise the roof
"Come on"
Raise the roof, come on
"Come on" "Come on"
"Come on-come on-come on, c-come on, c-"
"C-c-c-c-c-c-c-c-come on"

In school I'm cool throughout the week
When the weekend comes, I'm down with the Greeks
Frat brothers known across the seven seas
Fly ladies of the 80's, sororities
The Zetas, Deltas, the AKA's
Women that keep me in a daze
The A Phi A, Sigma boys on the move
With the Kappas and the Q's, and of course the Grooves
And for real it's the deal and the actual fact
It takes a nation of millions to hold me back
Rejected and accepted as a communist
Claimin' fame to my name as a terrorist
Makin' money in corners that you'll never see
Dodgin' judges and the lawyers and the third degree
Nothin' wrong with a song to make the strong survive
Real eyes gave me five 'cause I kept 'em alive
Mislead what you read about my devilish deeds
Misled what I said so you're better off dead
Make 'em hear it and see it for the deaf and blind
And command it and we'll plan it for incapable minds
Take for granted and demand it from the wave of my hand
Make the jealous understand it and just say damn
When they see me, ask a question, "How the hell can it be?"
When they watch me pull a serpent straight from out of the sea
Turn the winter into summer, then from hot to cold
Expand my power on the hour, make you all behold
From the slammer swing a hammer like the mighty Thor
God of thunder, you'll go under, then you'll all applaud
And fathom that distance, the mad must reap
Meet Namor sea lord, Prince of the deep
Here for you to fear at any cost
Tellin' you to get busy or you better get lost
Livin' lives civilized from the lessons I taught
Cities buried underground just because I went off
My friends' enemies, better be my friend
Is question people guessin' is this the end?
End of the world, are you guessin' yes?
Just say don't delay it, get it off your chest
Houses of crack, I've seen too much
I go ready, aim, fire, then I'll blow 'em upEmbed
Alright party people, bust a groove
It's guaranteed to shake your butt and make you move
I got a little something fly that's gonna keep you high
It's not a drug from my little rug
It's rap for your ear hole that we call a bug
Ya know what I'm sayin'
Now bust it out
There's a lot of people out there that's building up a force
Of course, that we call a posse
None will be grown when you good to go then you're gone
You start up with two
And you end up with two thousands by the millions
You dig what I'm sayin'
Now there's a lot of posses out there
Trying to take over posses
And trying to turn those posses into their posse
But when you got too much
Like the gear grabbin' clutch of such and such
Nobody can take yours
Or they'll be sweatin' from the pores
Trying to take whatcha got
They're so hot from the pot
So they catch a bad cold
Their nose runnin' with the snot
Ya know what I'm sayin'
You might also like
What do you got to say about this?
A force so strong that you can't resist
You may as well join 'em, you know you can't beat'em
Pack a hundred people, ya know ya gonna need'em
Straight with the system is down by law
'Cause every half hour they get nine more
They run all dollars that come in town
So either join the crew or get beat down
I watched all the guys be so damn cruel
Try to get fast, you must be a fool
Blood through and through, the boys don't play
I seen 'em tax and run an operation today
They got too, too, too much posse

Yeah, I had a party, much people came by
I'm talking to a G 'cause the G real fly
Chillin' in my room, chewin' off her ear
Chillin' stupid fly 'cause I got stupid gear
My door kicked open by her man and crew
The G turned to me and said, "Who you?"
I said, "Yo fly"
"Yeah," the G lied
Stuck in the corner while the G cried
And then from the back, my homeboys came
With uzis and nines and said, "Go blame"
Ya lying ass girl with the fake tears
We got a big posse and we show no fears
We got too, too, too much posse
We got too, too, too much posse
Yeah, that's right
Now get ready to step off
Ya know what I'm sayin'
And all you posses out there
That's trying to out posse the posse
Yo, we got the stuff that'll scatter your brains
From here to White Plains
Ya know what I'm sayin'
We got the shit that you just can't fuck with1Embed
You got the mic, people, so called street cred
The radio, the TV, the world wide web
But we can't do nothing with what you said
Sounds like somebody's in bed wit the feds
Hoover Music

How you gonna make music when you take music
And abuse it to make my crew sick so nobody else can use it
More than just some non-singin', drug slingin', Hollywood swingin'
Fling, sing, is it rating or raping?
No more taping, but somebody still regulating
These love to hate songs and y'all know that's wrong
Anything for the money, tough guy
BET, MTV, P-I-C, the M-I-C, the P-I-G
Honestly, this policy be killin' me
Good for who, good for what
Is your mind body soul better from it?
Tell me why do y'all love it?
Songs meant to send you to prison
Bids to influence a million and a half kids

You got the mic, people, so called street cred
The radio, the TV, the world wide web
But we can't do nothing with what you said
Sounds like somebody's in bed wit the feds
Hoover Music
You might also like
Mon-stars lurking the planet fame
One hand in your pocket, one hand in your brain
Sucking your soul like some video game
And I don't even understand what the F you sayin'
Who's consumin' the boom as they vacuum your room
Shake your boom boom as they finance your doom
You think it's romance just because you could dance
That Black exec you know, he did not stand a chance
Trapped in the middle of what you be doin'
Increased market position, down to what ;and how you listen
Came in this game, never thought that I'd ever
See hip-hop, the game, in the name of J. Edgar

You got the mic, people, so called street cred
The radio, the TV, the world wide web
But we can't do nothing with what you said
Sounds like somebody's in bed wit the feds
Hoover Music

From the cats told crap, young rappers gettin' trapped
Buying the same of trick on some of the same old tracks
The rich stackin' chips, poor banging with new slang
In the ghost and the shadow of your government name
Made in the USA, fighting the power in Brooklyn
To grinnin' and juicin' while your law be crooked
Say you don't know me or owe me or us
In my disgust, interrupting my Black August so I fuss
'Cause these white kids confusing the worst of us
Sex and drink songs, fight clubs gettin' they strip on
Gangs of kids who copy what they did, both coasts are clear
Some people got no idea who sent 'em here
You got the mic, people, so called street cred
The radio, the TV, the world wide web
But we can't do nothing with what you said
Sounds like somebody's in bed wit the feds
Hoover Music

Check the list, bitch!1Embed
*Repeated during the Intro*

Yeah see a track like this, (Worldwide)
This is, like, you gotta put this in story form
You know what I'm saying
You gotta say this, like it's a story
You know what I'm saying, like
We're telling the kids the story
 x2
I never change
It's just part of the game
Cause everything stays the same, (What you saying?)
Everything stays the same,(What you saying?)

Triple team
Not so secret money machine
I.R.S, all in their chest
And that's gangster
Got my brothers banging with anger
Looking like family
Acting like strangers pointing fingers
At that ring of fire
Them government gangsters
Your presidents lying
Time tested, intrude with a wire
Government shots a nigga with an F'ed up trial
And that's gangster
Thieving, Robbing, Hustling, Pimpin'
Killin', Dealin', Bustin'
 Cause you ain't rushing
So what's up with that
Who, Why you fussin' (Worldwide)
You might also like x2
I never change
It's just part of the game
Cause everything stays the same, (That's gangster)
Everything stays the same,(That's gangster)

Cool Hand Luke
Bashed and browned stone
Got to stop the monkey
I uncle'd Dale Jones, (haha)
Haters mad in their case standing
Public enemy,  I'm a Black Planet
Hit the drove while I read the scripture, (sold 25)
Don't say I sound dope
Fans taking pictures
No I don't got the work on me, (uh uh)
Doing what they can to throw dirt on me, (That's gangster)
 Snake eyes on the dice
Married to the streets
Now they throwing rice
Got that hustler spirit, DNA spliced
Died here once, No way I'm dying twice
 x2
Don't be a 
Caused them crime free 
Dying is easy
You ain't got to be ready
Life is hard
Robbing for a living
They stealing days
Like they stole thanks giving
Now that's gangster
So these lyrics be simple
For my brothers and sisters
And anyone listening
New generations are getting ready for prison
For bitin' at the hand thats hit em
Ready to die?
That sounds like quitin'
And if you don't know why
Hear what Im spitin'
Thieving, Robbing, Shootin, Hustling, Pimpin'
Killin', Dealin', Bustin', (rock on)
 x2Embed
Got to get away
Got to get away from yourself - escapism
Uh get away c'mon
Uh Got to get away from your self
Got to get out uh get out

Is the groove good to you like when you lose your thing
Forgetting grits is grocery and eggs is poultry
Making a living against those making a killing
Super black man got your back and is back in the building
If the prison is that skin you in
And your cell is sitting up inside your skull
They say you can't get away from your damn self
When your earth is heaven and your world be hell
Check your head because Armageddon's at the foot of your bed
You ain't heard a word I said
Forget them slacks I'm that throwback that threw that throwback
Back on the racks to get my mind back
Oh say, can you see
I get back its still black and white, uh, like an old TV
In lyin' color brother
Gots to getaway to the other side, uh
Talk about escapism
You might also likeGot to c'mon now
Escapism
Gotta get away
Uh talk about ?
Got to get out of myself baby
There must be some kind of way up out of here

You see, I never was too good off the top of my head
'Cause I want y'all to know exactly what I said
This so-called war in Iraq, over a thousand dead
That's ten a week, even as I speak
Now thirty-three percent of black males in jail
That's fifty-five percent of black students will fail
They say eighty-five percent of Black folks forgot
We were slaves once up inside this box
America got folks' brains on lock
Forget the connects, some wanna buy what's next
Wear it like some sign up in that chest
Y'all should know papa don't take no mess
If you think your past is irrelevant
Don't you know your old soul pays the goddamn rent?
That messiah ain't never gonna come
As long as you thinking freedom is free to being dumb (Boy)

C'mon escapism
Got to c'mon now
Escapism
Gotta get away
Uh talk about ?
Got to get out of myself
There must be some kind of way up out of here
You say that soul is back so flip them hits back
Damn the fashion (I wanna know where's the passion)
Thinking we came a long way baby
Saying poor Michael's psycho and Prince, he's crazy
But what has Bob Mick Sir Paul done for you lately?
(How they maintain on your brain seems to escape me)
Heard some ghetto cats don't like metal rap
(Hear it and fear it and they think its all wack)
They don't even know (That the blues is Black)
And when I rap, I go back to the roots Where I be at
Not some thirty year old who don't know facts
(Who's wild saying things like some juvenile)
Remember two million black folks in the penile
Got a world of white folks thinking its style
Think I'm hating cause you lack the information
Cause we the FBI still got on file
Escapism c'mon now
Gotta get away
Gotta get out of myself uh
C'mon nowEmbed
"It was a lot of hard work. Although we were on this pedestal, there was still places that wouldn't play our records; radio stations that wouldn't play our records. There was no support for rap, and we was just fighting for hip-hop, fighting for rap..."

"Today, it's time to stop singin' and start swingin'..."
"I'm here to tell you, in case you don't know it. You got a new generation of black people who don't care anything whatsoever"

The Black falling down, its goin down
No subject matter, I dont hear it goin around
Minds over matter, they don't mind cause
We don't matter, DJ Lord's on the platter
Can't shake this, the goddamn matrix
Got actors winning politics, the tricks
Got hot chicks in the back of of wack ass rap flicks
Called videos, ho! (Ho!)
Turn off the goddamn radio
Cause they don't show y'all what y'all need to know
Can't fade it though, Lord don't fade it yo
(Public Enemy Number One) Year of the Lord, Make Love Fuck War Tour
After before 2004, I swore
DJ Lord come bust down the door
Los Angel-less, New Jack Pity
They say fuck the sticks cause they be the city
Homeless sitting outside smellin' shitty
Thanks for not giving a goddamn thing pretty
So-called land of plenty, can't spare a penny
It's the have-not's against the have's, is you with me?
You might also like
"Yo what's up?"
"Y'all know the name..."
"D, the enemy..."
Check what ya listenin' to
"How can I make you understand?"
"Our DJ's better than all these bands"
Check what ya listenin' to

You might be cuttin' tracks but he's cuttin' edge
The sword of Lord high like Phil Upchurch
Through the verse, the truth hurts from the aftermath
Of that sonic autograph
Lord, don't make him mad, so I spit
How loud you want it to get? Cold sweat
2005 flicks, new trips through dirty beats
Hits and all those bass kicks; lookout, y'all
C'mon, can't forget to kick this
If the shoe fits get with the ramblin' wreck, check it
To stomp out all them nitwits, Chuck D stylin'
Don't you know we're on the new Buckwhylin'
Cross the Land, cause the band
Hits the fans, watch them all slam the jam
Yes they can can, beware the man
Take a stand y'all, wreck the plan
"Ahh..."
"Public Enemy Number 1, Public Enemy Number 1"
Check what ya listenin' to
"Radio"
"I ain't with it"
"So what'cha sayin?"
"Consider yourselves warned!"
"Yeah, y'all!"
"Louder!"
Check what ya listenin' to

One foot stuck in the rave
Millennium dance craze, cross fade to the new phase
Like the old days, twisted in convoluted systems
Existed in the beats of wisdom existence
Cross the Land, cause the band
Hits the fans, watch them all slam the jam
Illegal beats, frisk him
Find not a pop thing with him
Multi-ethnic like a prism
Can't hear this?
You in audio prison, hands be whizzin, cross the wax
Movin' tracks from across the tracks
Through your mind he attacks, DJ Lord
Scratch the gospel, tell them wack ass beats
They can go to hell, ding! The rave bell
See the crowd swell, got even when the needle fell
Still heard them cuts over the yell
Through the verse, the truth hurts
From the aftermath of that sonic autograph
Mr Chuck, DJ Lord attack the tracks
Y'all check what you listening to
"I came in the door, I said it before..."
"We got this..."
Check what ya listening to
"Woop, woop, that's the sound of the police
"Woop, woop, that's the sound of the..."
Check what ya listening to
(scratching)
Check what ya listening to
"Run, run, run, run, run, run"
Check what ya listening to
"Rock and roll"
"Aw shit"
"Public Enemy"
"Word"
"Round-round-round-round"
"So what you on, Hobbs, dope or dog food?"
"Let's turn back the clock and listen to this classic melody"
"Ladies and gentlemen, presenting..."
"Jam Master Jay"
"Jam, jam, jam, jam, jam"
"This is dedicated to..."
"Jam Master Jay"
"Jam, jam, jam, jam"
"Jam Master Jay"
"Yo Jay"
"One of the greatest... of all times..."Embed
Somebody in the house say, "Yeah!"
If y'all really like to rock the funky beats, somebody say, "Hell yeah!"
I like that from the people up top, check this out

Damn if I be some slave again
Got no fake ass friends and no timbs or rims
Sure 'nuff, got no designer names
And I never played no video games
(Don't) I ain't got no diamond rings
No bling, and no minks and no two earrings
And no pimp glasses mugs or cups and things
Or whatever the hell they all be carryin'
Don't treat my highs too high or my lows too low
You won't see my soul sold on no video
Don't need no cheques to get no chicks
Or be some hypocrite to get you on my dick
(Back) So let the young sing and rap to the young
As long as y'all don't think freedom is free to be dumb, now

Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
(Say "ho!")
(Yo Chuck, kick it to 'em, man!)
You might also like
Its suicidal to think I'm your American idol
Hypnotic trapped in some three thousand mile box
Chicks bobby socks, today be Botox
Now that hip-hop's the new so called rock
Parents dressin' the outside
Of their kids and what they wear instead of stressin' the inside
Way back, my peoples gave me pride
Now in 2004, I ain't gotta hide
If you can't afford it just leave it to the side
Cause you looking real stupid with that tear in your eye
Gotta a '94 and I hear you talkin'
But its damn sure better than walkin'
It might be old, you know it sure ain't gold
And it's better than stylin' in the cold
It ain't no rolls, and won't get stole
But you won't see me walking on no side of the road

Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
(Say "ho!")
(Yo Chuck, kick it to 'em, man!)
At the age I am now, if I can't teach
I shouldn't even open up my mouth to begin to speak
I need some radio to help me reach
But I heard (radio!) they get their money on by makin' you weak
Drowning in the sea of some big dose of now
No past no future Let the young grow wild
Ain't gave em nothin' some done robbed the child
From substance ont currr , fill em up with style
Like hip-hop started on TRL
Like wow, took the game and made it a damn shame
Hell with history, you don't even Know my name
I ain't the same damn thing That y'all used to playin'
Im that non stop rocket heading to your brain
Now that's what I'm sayin'

Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
(Say "ho!")
(Yo Chuck, kick it to 'em, man!)
I may not got no flow but I ain't pimped by no negro
Backed by some cracka with his ass by the door
Therefore I can never be poor
Cause my mind, body, and soul cannot be sold
Priceless, so i avoid the triflin'
Words in my cipher, stuff y'all can't get enough off
Got's no time for somebody's jail
My time is just like the US Mail
My time is richer Than them new Astro Pitchers
I be damned if my face be under some picture
Where you heard the N-word So save your liquid
P.E., we just here to flip it
Find somebody new to get with
The next time you hear
A cat who can't stand or even look in the mirror

Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
Can you hear me now
(Say "ho!")
(Yo Chuck, kick it to 'em, man!)Embed
Aiyyo man, ya yo yo yo
I'm tryin to stay away from it but it won't stay away from me
You better ask yourself

What do you want, what do you need, what will you find
Don't be afraid, don't fall asleep, open your mind
I hope this rhyme gets you in time and space, come to a different place
Where you hear spiritual lyrical knowledge and you're face to face
Like welfare, in these rappers lyrics they need help there
Does KRS represent heaven? Hell yeah
Let me take you elsewhere, where you stand, there's a curse there
For sure, unless you're mature, grow up
If you're immature, then you're livin' sinister
You reject the words of the minister
You better get with ya Quran or Bible, you won't be livin' long
If you're livin' idle, The Teacher, that's my title
Shakin it up, wakin it up, makin it up, breakin it up
Takin it up higher, no liar, you can't deny the
Public Enemy, with the public enema
I gets way up in your buttocks, I rocks cause it's hip-hop
The long-laster, Chuck D with Blast Murderer
I know you heard of the word I be swervin and servin ya
Alertin ya, while splurtin a divine speech
Slow the party down so I can spit it
To each I teach mystic lyric, don't stop, you can get it
You better hear it
Battle? Quit it!
You might also like
Unstoppable, Public Enemy on a disc
Unstoppable, runnin' the game, Chuck and Kris
Unstoppable, bet you didn't know they had grip
Unstoppable, you don't wanna take this risk
Unstoppable, Public Enemy on a disc
Unstoppable, you don't wanna take the risk!

Can the black headed stepchild, run the mile
Forever like a juvenile, to stay alive
Survivin' in the freestyle, yo hold it down
Walkin' on the wild side, to live or die
Damn another slow song
Yo Money, put the record back the fuck on
No respect for the Usual Suspects, mad teens
Pourin' fire on the gasoline, the beat fiends
Feelin' like fever, I'm gettin' warm
Chalk marks in the rainstorm, children of the gone
Lost and forgotten, minds rotten
The arcade shot 'em, Channel Zero on the TV got 'em
If you don't love yourself you can't love nobody
If you don't know yourself, then you nobody
Do your thing, no bang, in the same damn gang
I never sang, I'm back, but I transmit slang
Silence in the face of violent crews
My rhymes and news be blacker than most blues
Troublin', it all come tumblin', for the strugglin'
Occupations, daily operations, stimulations
Causin' mental violations, minds on vacation
In the middle of Revelation is a nation
Unstoppable, Public Enemy on a disc
Unstoppable, runnin' the game, Chuck and Kris
Unstoppable, bet you didn't know they had grip
Unstoppable, you don't wanna take this risk
Unstoppable, Public Enemy on a disc
Unstoppable, you don't wanna take the risk!1Embed
All my people...

Do you know what it means to have a revolution?
And what it takes to make a solution?
Still fighting against oppression
We're battling our depression

Now we was raised in these streets on pork and poison meat
Now I recognize the beast, bare the mark of the gold teeth
Puff on the rolled leaf and bust on these police
While y'all playas are fakin bacon we cook the whole beef
I put it down plain, I stimulate that left and right brain, baby
Cell by cell and frame by frame
Names, dates, it's all immaterial:
We big dicks sick rhyme killer like cereal
I burn like venereal
Spit that imperial wizardry that climbs right through the circuitry
Choke your team for they cream, but that's as far as we go
Drop shit like seagulls and smash your little ego
I get visions like Stevie and Coleco
Give me 2000 live people
One late show and no sequel
Ain't no equal in the flesh
I been through more evil than men do
Nasty off the head and with the pen too!
You might also like
Now I'm pissed
Easy to rhyme on tracks like this
The more things change
The more they remain the same
These games, them vidiots
Playin on the brink of insane
Must be a hockey rink
Lost up in they drink
In pursuit of plain Jane, I think man
They think a revolution be pretty in pink, man
Now in these new tracks
Some of these cats don't know how to act
All them criminal acts ain't got nothin to do with rap;
One hand cuffed behind them backs in black
Quiet Riot, y'all can't hear one hand clap
Revolution is more than what you hear and what you see:
The mass reintroduction of society to society
Together we got 100 years of sobriety
These clones who be flippin like new phones be surprisin me
Turned out, they just happy to be in the house
So I call em out; you know I ain't no church mouse!
Love out
The revolution rocks on, the revolution rocks on

I master rap
Write a 16 and half of that
Then eat some mixed greens after that
My rap's niggerish black like licorish
While wack rappers gettin rich off some jibberish
The hood's begging for deliverance G
I'm just a hood figure to deliver this
L Y should get into the "Sy,"
I'm thinking me and P.E. should have passed it on
Society's the menace
He's got more love than tennis
On the road to riches
Cause revolution's expensive
Finance whips, finance clips
Spread our chips in the ghetto
Raising rebels with some fine ass tits
No champagne campaign, no ice on my wrist
While bred's dipp'n on feds, sipp'n on Criss
Out of my mind Ethiopian wine on my lips
Still ain't signed, the master mind
The master's mine. Hey!
Do you know what it means to have a revolution?
And what it takes to make a solution?
Still fighting against oppression
We're battling our depression

Back in your dome, where the rebels roam

The greatest weapon in the hands of the oppressor is the mind of the oppressedEmbed
Stacks of wax 55 high fulla tracks
New cats jackin' beats from way back
Pay for play only way to get them platinum plaques
Clear The Racks Jobbers Slobbin You For Tax
Robbery A&R Snobbery
Shit is killin me softly with that same damn song
Makin folk dumber in the summer
A Bummer When They Shot Willie In That Hummer
Keep It Simple Stupid Means Numbers
Payola Dough White Owned Black Radio
Runnin On Empty Help Go The Desperado
So I Bomb The Toms And Negros Who Pray To Cash Flow
No Info To The Masses As They Shake Their Asses
No Clue But I Can't Get My Shit Up In To You

Crayola With That Same Same Ol Shit
Crayola With That Played Playa Shit
Crayola With That Kid Crayon Shit
Crayola With Them Ol Spray On Hits

All Fucked Up Ways Must Fall
Now The Industry Can't Stop Me
A Vendetta To Make The Whole Game Better
They Get The Cheddar
All I Got Is A Fuckin Letter
What I Owe? What Am I
Another Number And A Ho, They Don't Know
Time To See Em Go Like Dominoes
About Time Cause They Endorsed The Crime Up In The Rhyme
Got These New Souls Controlled Goin Outta Their Mind
Missed What I Said Cause They Don't Even Own Their Own Heads
Go One Go All I Forgot They Made Robots Outta Some Of Yall
Today All Fucked Up Ways Must Fall
Today Is Up Against The Wall
Misled In The Head Fucked By Quiet Storms And Love Songs
Noddin Heads Too Hollow Forgotten Tomorrow
Swallowing All That Shit That's Shallow
Give The Baby Anything The Baby Wants
But That's How Them Bastards Get Us Up In Them Caskets
Try To Get Me Where They Want Me
Before Some Of Them Jump Me
Go Tell Em I'm A Start A Rebellion
Educate The Felons Easy On Yeah
Tell Em What The Fuck Am I Yellin
No Tellin You Got Them Artists And Artificials
If It Ain't Right I Don't Give A Damn If It's Sellin
Recruits Chasin And Racin For That Loot
Usin Usual Drum Loops So I Salute My Troops
I Don't Socialize Or Mingle, Fuck The Promotionals
And You Know What And That G-Damn Single
And The Marketing Team For That Matter
It Don't Matter
DJ's Gettin Dimes For Time On A Platter
I Ain't Gotta Be High To Jack So I Hijack
FM - Radio - Eff Em Turn It Around Muthafucka
Gods To Niggas, Queens To Bitches
Race Against Time See Em All Runnin For The Riches
Everything Had Its Chance Last Dance
Some things Change Like Them Weather Forecasts
Ha Funny How Shit Don't Last
You might also like
Crayola With That Same Same Ol Shit
Crayola With That Played Playa Shit
Crayola With That Kid Crayon Shit
Crayola With Them Ol Spray On HitsEmbed
"Have you forgotten that once we were brought here, we were robbed of our name, robbed of our language? We lost our religion, our culture, our God... And many of us, by the way we act, we even lost our minds"
Here it is, bam
And you say, "Goddamn, this is the dope jam"
But let's define the term called dope
And you think it mean funky now, no
Here is a true tale
While the ones that deal are the ones that fail (Yeah!)
Yeah, you can move if you wanna move
What it prove? It's here like the groove
The problem is this, we gotta' fix it
Check out the justice, and how they run it
Selling, smelling, sniffing, riffing
And brothers try to get swift and
Sell their own, rob a home
While some shrivel to bone
Like comatose walking around
Please don't confuse this with the sound
I'm talking about

"Bass! Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba"
"Bass! Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba" (Yeah)
"Bass! Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba
You might also like
"One, two, three, four, five, six"
"Kick it!"
"Years ago"

I put this together to (rock) the bells of those that boost the dose
Of lack a lack, and those that sell to Black
Shame on a brother when he dealin'
The same block where my 98 be wheelin'
And everybody know, another kilo
From a corner from a brother keep another below
Stop illin' and killing, stop grillin'
Yo, Black, yo (We are willing!)
Four, five o'clock in the mornin'
Wait a minute, y'all, the fiends are fiendin'
Day to day, to day, they say no other way (Way, no way)
This stuff is really bad (Fee-fi-fo)
I'm talking 'bout

"Bass! Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-"
"Bass! Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba"
"Bass! Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba"
"Bass!"
"Hold, hold it! Listen"
"We gon' get on down, now!"

"How-how-how-how-how-how-how-how-
How low can you go?"
"How-how-how-how-how-how-how
How low can you go?"
"How-how-how-how-how-how
How low can you go?"
"How-how-how-how
How-low-low-low
How low can you go?"
(Yo!)

(Listen!) I see it on their faces
(First come, first serve basis)
Standing on line, checking the time, homeboys playing the curb
The same ones that used to do herb (Yo, Herb!)
Now they're gone, passing it on
Poison attack - the Black word bond (Word, word)
My man Daddy-O once said to me
He knew a brother that stayed all day in his Jeep
And at night he went to sleep
And in the morning, all he had was sneakers on his feet
The culprit used to jam and rock the mike
Yo, he stripped the Jeep to fill his pipe
And wander around to find a place
Where they rocked to a different kind of
Come on, y'all!
"Hold it now! Wait!"
"Wait it! Wait!"
"Yo, run it, Black!"

Succotash is a method for kids to make cash
Selling drugs to the brother man instead of the other man

(Brothers and sisters!)
I'm talkin' 'bout

"Bass! Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-"
"Bass! Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-
"Bass! Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-
"Bass! Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-"
"Bass!"7Embed
Land of the free, but the skin I'm in identifies me
So the people around me energize me
Callin' all aboard this train ride
Talkin' 'bout raw hardcore, leavin' frauds on the outside
But the bad thing is anyone can ride the train
And the reason for that is cause we look the same
Lookin' all around at my so called friend
Light skin to the brown, the black, here we go again
Homey over there knows Keith an, but he be thiefin'
I don't trust him, rather bust 'em up
Out goes his hand and I cough
He once stole from me, yeah I wanna cut it off
The black thing is a ride I call the nighttrain
It rides the good and the bad, we call the monkey trained
Trained to attack the black and it's true
Cause some of them lookin' just like you

Stayin' on the scene, sittin' on the train
See all the faces look about the same
There go the sellout who's takin' a ride like Cargo
Cause he deal the keys from Key Largo
Runnin' Nat narcotic, by George he got it
Takin' makin' the Gs erotic
And the fiends they scheme, so he can put 'em down
But his method is wreck 'em, I put 'em in the ground
Got the nerve as hell to yell brother man
He ain't black man better yet he's Pac Man
Known to murder his own, traitor on the phone
Ridin' the train, self-hater trained to sell pain
The master's toy, his little boy
Hard to avoid he look wit' it but he null 'n' void
Cause he ridin' the train you think he down for the cause
Cause his face lookin' just like yours
You might also like
More of the same, insane who sayin'
I'm flowin' like nighttrain, runnin' the pain of the black reign
You look, you laugh, you doubt and go out
And I'm gone, but the bass goes on
To talk the talk, but walk the walk, the king of New York
Crack a lack, attack the black, to crack the back
Once again I test a friend with sincerity
Or consider him an enemy
Who am I to tell a lie, rather push the Bush
Hope the cracker gets crushed, I'm rollin' with Rush
Leader of the bum rush
Russian I ain't! Spreadin' like paint!
Lookin' at the pot I got and it's kickin'
But it ain't chicken, but it's livin' for a city, so sick 'n' tired
Of a scene buckwild
Piled in a file, senile or child
They said it never been no worser than this
I'm on the nighttrain, they hope ya don't miss it
Give ya what they got to give you, just go
You musn't just put your trust in every brother, yo
Some don't give a damn, cause they the other man
Worse than a bomb, posin' as Uncle Toms
Disgracin' the race, and blowin' up the whole crew
With some of them lookin' just like youEmbed
H-H-H-H-H-Hey!
Go, go, go (Just go) (Buncha young-)
Go, go, go, go, go!
(We have, we have…)
(Hey!)

Whatever it takes, rid this dictator
POTUS my tail, ass debater
Prime-time Preemo, rhyme-time crime
Like no other in this lifetime (Hey!)
White house killer, dead in lifelines
Vote this joke out, or die tryin'
Unprecedented, demented, many president'd
Nazi gestapo dictator defended (Hey!)
It's not what you think it's what you follow
Run for them jewels, drink from that bottle
Another four years gonna gut y'all hollow
Gutted out, dried up, broke and can't borrow (Hey!)

State of the Union, shut the fuck up
Sorry ass motherfucker, stay away from me
State of the Union, shut the fuck up
Sorry ass motherfucker, stay away from me (Hey!)
State of the Union, shut the fuck up
Sorry ass motherfucker, stay away from me
State of the Union, shut the fuck up
Sorry ass motherfucker, stay away from me (Hey!)
You might also like
Mister, I am the law & you are not
In fact, I'm god, I got a lot
Mister these united breaks takeover come over
Orange hair fear the comb-over (Hey!)
Here's another scare, keep them hands in the air
Better not breathe, you dare not dare
Don't say nothin', don’t think nothin'
"Make America Great Again," the middle just love it (Hey!)
When he wanna talk, walk y'all straight to them ovens
Human beings of color, yeah we be sufferin' (Hey!)

State of the Union, shut the fuck up
Sorry ass motherfucker, stay away from me
State of the Union, shut the fuck up
Sorry ass motherfucker, stay away from me (Hey!)
State of the Union, shut the fuck up
Sorry ass motherfucker, stay away from me
State of the Union, shut the fuck up
Sorry ass motherfucker, stay away from me (Hey!)

Go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go, go

Better rock that vote or vote for hell
Real generals now not some USFL
Not a fuckin' game, I dare not mention his name
Operation 45, yeah it’s the same thing (Hey!)
Sounds like Berlin burnin', same thing
History's a mystery if y'all ain't learnin'
End this clown show for real, estate bozo
Nazi cult 45, Gestapo (Hey!)
State of the Union, shut the fuck up
Sorry ass motherfucker, stay away from me
State of the Union, shut the fuck up
Sorry ass motherfucker, stay away from me (Hey!)
State of the Union, shut the fuck up
Sorry ass motherfucker, stay away from me
State of the Union, shut the fuck up
Sorry ass motherfucker, stay away from me (Hey!)
State of the Union, shut the fuck up
Sorry ass motherfucker, stay away from me
State of the Union, shut the fuck up
Sorry ass motherfucker, stay away from meEmbed
Yo Chuck, run a power move on 'em
Yeah, yeah
Yeah, yeah

Yeah, step back, get away, give the brother some room
You got to all turn me up when the beat goes boom
Lyric to lyric, line to line
And then you y'all understand my reputation for rhyme
'Cause my rhyme reputation depends on what?
Style of record my DJ cuts
His slice and dice, super mix so nice
So bad, you won't dispute the price
'Cause it's plain to see, it's a strain to be
Number one in the public eye enemy
'Cause I'm wanted in fifty, almost in fifty-one
States where the posse got me on the run
It's a big wonder why I haven't gone under
Dodgin' all types of microphone thunder
A fugitive missin' all types of hell
All this because I talk so well
When I

Rock - get up - get down
Miuzi weighs a ton
Hold it
Rock - get up - get down
Miuzi weighs a ton
Hold it
Rock - get up - get down
Miuzi weighs a ton
Hold it
Rock - get up - get down
Miuzi weighs a ton
Hold it
You might also like
The match up title, the expression of thrill
For elite to compete and attempt to get ill
If looks could kill, I'd chill until
All the public catches on to my material, you know
The ducks criticize my every phase of rapture
Can't wait to read the headlines of my capture
Accused of assault, a first degree crime
'Cause I beat competitors with my rhyme
Tongue whipped, pushed, shoved, and tripped
Choked from the hold of my kung fu grip
And if you want my title, it would be suicidal
From my end, it would be homicidal
When I do work, you get destroyed
All the paranoid, know to avoid
The Public Enemy seat I've enjoyed
This is no kid and I'm not no toy boy

Rock - get up - get down
Miuzi weighs a ton
Hold it
Rock - get up - get down
Miuzi weighs a ton
Hold it
Rock - get up - get down
Miuzi weighs a ton
Hold it
Rock - get up - get down
Miuzi weighs a ton
Hold it
I'm a Public Enemy, but I don't rob banks
I don't shoot bullets and I don't shoot blanks
My style is supreme, number one is my rank
And I got more power than the New York Yanks
If my Uzi wasn't heavy, I would probably fire it
Make you walk the plank if I was a pirate
If they made me a king, I would be a tyrant
If you want to get me, go ahead and try it
Snatcher, dispatcher, biter never been a
Instead of takin' me out, take a girl to dinner
The level of comp' has never been thinner
It's a runaway race where I'm the winner
It's unreal, they call the law
And claimed I had started a war
It was war they wanted and war they got
But they wilted in the heat when my Uzi got hot
When I

Rock - get up - get down
Miuzi weighs a ton
Hold it
Rock - get up - get down
Miuzi weighs a ton
Hold it
Rock - get up - get down
Miuzi weighs a ton
Hold it
Rock - get up - get down
Miuzi weighs a ton
Hold it
My style versatile said without rhymes
Which is why they're after me and on my back
Lookin' over my shoulder,  seein' what I write
Hearin' what I say, then wonderin' why
Why they can't ever compete on my level
Superstar status is my domain
Understand my rhythm, my pattern of lecture
And then you'll know why I'm on the run
This change of events results in a switch
It's the lateral movement of my vocal pitch
It eliminates pressure on the haunted
But the posse is around so I got to front it
Plus employ tactics so coy
And leave no choice but to destroy
Soloists, groups and what they say
And all that try to cross my way
When I

Rock - get up - get down
Miuzi weighs a ton
Hold it
Rock - get up - get down
Miuzi weighs a ton
Hold it
Rock - get up - get down
Miuzi weighs a ton
Hold it
Rock - get up - get down
Miuzi weighs a ton
Hold it

Yeah, that's right
Public Enemy number one in New York
Public Enemy number one in Philly
Public Enemy number one in DC
Public Enemy number one in Cleveland, Ohio
Also we're Public Enemy number one in St. Louis
Public Enemy number one in New Jersey
And bust it
We're also, Public Enemy number one in Cincinnati
In Atlanta2Embed
*Radio static*
We are here
What you gonna do when the grid go downYou might also likeEmbed
What y'all gonna do?
Uncle Jam's Army's in, Public Enemy, Cypress Hill
Let's do this

Aww shit, no more grid (Here we go!)
We all addicted men women and kids
No internet no text and no tweets
We'll look like the 80's (With fiends in the streets)
Aww snap! No apps just maybe perhaps (Where you at?)
No grid is what we need for new human contact
Not even your own server can save you
We all caught up in the web is so true
No GPS what will you do? (No e-mails or WHATSAPPs coming thru)
Now your phone is just a phone with a camera
No algorithms, huh, to manage us
All your post on IG lost in the cloud with your information
Listen rеal close to what I'm saying
Folks might have to pick up a book, pick up a pen
Hеy, back to basics again
Digital mental health clinics worse than a pandemic
More police brutality but no posts on who filmed it
Aww shit, the grid is gone
Universal mind blown, c'mon!
You might also like
What you gonna do when the grid goes down?
What you gonna do when the grid goes down?
What you gonna do when the grid goes down?
The grid goes down! The grid goes down!
What you gonna do when the grid goes down?
What you gonna do when the grid goes down?
What you gonna do when the grid goes down?
What you gonna do when the grid goes down?
What y'all gonna do? (Be real about it)

Communication breakdown it's a take down
Are you awake now or consumed by a fake clown?
World Wide Web keep the spiders fed
Looking at my feed, trolls everywhere but knowledge supersedes
At your fingertips
Clicking all the keys to the locks
Pandora's box, open up
Now you're on the clock
Not a second to lose
Like your life shorter
Addicted to a platform
It's the calm before the storm (Get at me!)
If the grid goes down you better be ready
Emotional effects may be deadly
Masses to run steady
The depression hits like a Tyson blow
Isolation on another level
Who's responsible? I don't know
I gotta theory if you hear me but you wanna fear me
Dumb us down then divide us up I see it clearly
Pit one against the other even though we're brothers
Make us hate each other while they keep their asses covered
What you gonna do when the grid goes down?
What you gonna do when the grid goes down?
What you gonna do when the grid goes down?
The grid goes down! The grid goes down!
What you gonna do when the grid goes down?
What you gonna do when the grid goes down?
What you gonna do when the grid goes down?
What you gonna do when the grid goes down?

Socially engineered anarchy induced chaos
That's how they go play us
One against the other
Him against his brother
Fuck one another
Ahhh but Uncle Jam's Army is here
What you gonna do? (Whatever it takes)
What you gonna do? (Whatever the party call for)
Socially engineered anarchy induced chaos
That's how they go play us
What you go when the grid goes down?
No sound around
But there's still time
To get it on (Come on now)
My style versatile said without rhymes
Which is why they're after me and they on my back
Lookin' over my shoulder, seein' what I write
Hear what I say, then wonderin' why
Why they can't ever compete on my level
Underground status is my domain
Understand my rhythm, my pattern of lecture
And then you know why I'm on the run
This change of events results in a switch
It's the lateral movement of my vocal pitch
It eliminates pressure on the haunted
But the posse is around so I got to front it
Plus employ tactics so coy
And leave no choice but to destroy
Government tricks and what they say
It's all that try to cross my way
Get down

What you gone do, Chuck?
Flava Flav, are you still lampin'?
What you gonna do when the grid goes down?
That's how you feel about it?
Uncle Jam's Army is here
Socially engineered anarchy induced chaos
That's how they go play us?
One against the other
Him against his brother
Girl against her mother
What you gonna do when the grid go down?
No sound aroundEmbed
Yo, Mike D
Yo, what up Ad-Rock
Remember that time in '85 when we were in our van, we were driving through Cleveland and...
Oh, oh, you had that weird rash all over your body
No! I mean yes, but no–
I'm talking about when Rick gave us the demo tape for Public Enemy
Yo, we played that shit back and forth like about a million times
That shit was nice
So nice, you know I've been thinking
We should call Chuck D on the phone right now and ask him
What goes on?


I'm all in, put it up on the board
Another rapper shot down from the mouth that roared
1, 2, 3, down for the count
The result of my lyrics, oh yes no doubt
Cold rock-rap, forty-niner supreme
It's what I choose and I use I never lose to a team
I can go solo like a Tyson bolo
Make a fly girl wanna have my photo
Run in their room hang it on the wall
In remembrance that I rocked them all
Suckers, ducks, ho-hum MC's
You can't rock the kid, so go cut the cheese
Take this application of rhymes like these
My rap's red hot, hundred ten degrees
So don't start bassin', I'll start pushing
Bets on that you'll be disgracin'
You and your mind for a beat in a rhyme
A time for a crime that I can't find
I show you my gun, my Uzi weighs a ton
Because I'm Public Enemy number one
You might also like

From the tippy tippy top
Never taking a L
Nobody rocks so hot, so well
Like the rugged D, the man you see
Rock it to the rhythm of the sure-shot beat
Say one for the treble, two for the bass
Rhyme for the mind, shine on your face
Three for the reign, and four for the two
Five cuz I'm live, it's straight from the crew
Six for my game, nah I ain't no stylist
Got my whole swag from two fifth and Hollis
Run got the wisdom, D got the knowledge
Straight from the dome, airtight and polished
Seven to the eight and nine times I say
Run gon' be great top ten today
Eleven emcees they all try to flex
When Run grab the mic and took flight in steps

There was a time when I was losing it
Alcohol I was abusing it
The wealth of health I wasn't choosing it
To help myself I wasn't doing it
Mom and dad, they mean a lot to me
They helped me get where I got to be
But they told me they adopted me
To help me fulfill prophecy
I did not know how I have enemy
Named Jack and Jim and Hennesey
They came with a smile befriending me
With the intent of ending me
Taking my power like Kryptonite
Cause it is known when I get to mic
I go into a zone and I rip the mic
Just like this rhyme that I spit tonight
You can't understand how much it took
To kick their asses and leave 'em shook
Kill all the clowns and crush the crooks
Cuz I'm a superhero in the comic books
My make believe is your reality
I'm everything I pretend to be
Everything I need is inside of me
And anything else is the enemy
Terminator X
Before we get started
Now here's a little story we got to tell
About a sound so def, you know so well
It started way back in history
With the Beastie Boys, LL Cool J
Run-DMC and Public Enemy

Rick was a label with two turntables
And a mic, MC's do what you like
'83 beats in the place to be
'84 rhyming to open doors
Def to the Jam and know who I am
Stand 'till they jump and I crack the floors
I got a posse of force that back me up
Watch out we got rhythm to match
Ambush attack on my team, double team you get creamed
You got it so you don't catch
Wanna hear it again
We got a force, Def Jam down
The OG circuit sound, Public Enemy
LL Cool J, Beastie Boys, Flav, Run-DMC
Check out the protection
Rock The Bells in the section
Kicking like Bruce Lee's Chinese Connection
All stereo never ever mono
All wax, yes I'm talking about vinyl
The world said freeze, we unfrozen
They got me
Public Enemy number one!
I'm like this y'all, I'm like this and this and this and this y'all
Check this y'all, I'm like this y'all
Ladies and gentlemen, I want to be a witness
To the one and only to DJ Lord
Public Enemy number one

We're gonna let you hear that a little bit later
We're gonna hear some words from some the Public Enemy
You stay tuned for that
'Cause we got a whole lot more in storeEmbed
It is time, time for it to happen
What the fuck is it? (Get it)
Some still can't deal with it
Kill fast till they kill it
DJ Lord, Public Enemy
They be killin' it
Still don't get it confused, shit, I be killin' it dude
Elevated, it ain't the shoes
It is what it is, so be it
Ain't just pointed to my fitted
It's what's inside it (Get it, get it, get it)
It's happenin', it's got feelin'
It's got groove, power to the people
It's got nothing to lose
You can bob it, weave it
Some love it, some lеave it
Knowledge is powеr but some keep it a secret
Some really need it
Some say it from the rooftops
It's doorstops and stoops
Till it's living and breathing
Yo, yo, one-two
So be it
And let it be
You might also likeY'all know it, so be it
Then, be it so, so it be
Revolution, then let it be known
Whatever it is, whatever it be
You just go at it
Y'all know it, so be it
Then, be it so, so it be
Revolution, then let it be known
Whatever it is, whatever it be
You just go at it
It can be whatever you believe in
It can't stop, won't stop, not a one size fit
Whatever you want in the world, start by being it
I'll never star it, spangle it, banner it
Some voted it, it is what it is
Hope got choked out, didn't it?
Press secretaries in suits, that just don't fit (Uh)
Chuck, I got it can't stop it, or cock block it
Ignore these false prophets blinded by fake profit
It is a damn shame, it is the same game
It is too late to complain, can't stand in (Get it)
Loud and proud, too strong to ignore it
Either you against it, huh, yeah, or you for it
Lie for it, die for it
Do your damn best at the test
Come on, uh, yeah, try for it
Political landscape morbid
Seen my ancestors forbid it
Jahi and Marcus wrote it
Y'all know it, so be it
Then, be it so, so it be
Revolution, then let it be known
Whatever it is, whatever it be
You just go at it
Y'all know it, so be it
Then, be it so, so it be
Revolution, then let it be known
Whatever it is, whatever it be
You just go at it
But you can quote it if I spoke it
I spray words on the target
Hold my pen the same way they hold an AK
'Cause still can lose your life for it
Some belief in me, is all that I need
I know it, so be it, it be so, so it be
I'll never ask for it, it's just me being me (Come on)
State of the free it
As I see it through world eyes
Not on the demise, global people on the rise
Don't sit!
You pick up the pieces, I'll bring the glue
So be it for me, so you can be you
You pick up the pieces, I'll bring the glue
So be it for me, so you can be you
Whatever it is, whatever it be
You just go at itEmbed
The Notorious B.I.G., we have lost so many
Still wonder in my Adidas why
Jam Master Jay had to die and Lisa Left Eye
Off top no rehearsal, R.I.B. salute
Gifted Unlimited Rhymes Universal, my man
Still in shock of the loss of Afeni & Pac
His spirit lives on, it won't ever stop
Scott LaRock heard a dope story about him from the Blastmasta
Out west R.I.B. Mac Dre & The Jacka
When we die it plants new seeds
For new Big Bank Hank's and new MC Breed's, remember?
And the Sean P's who speak that raw
J Dilla got all beat makеrs still in awe
I'm not a pimp but Pimp C forever UGK
Rеst in beats is they way that we say salute
Salute in tribute, light a candle, play a song
As their legacies continue on and on and on (Rest in beats)
Salute in tribute, light a candle, play a song
As their legacies continue on and on and on (Rest in beats)
Salute in tribute, light a candle, play a song
As their legacies continue on and on and on
Salute in tribute, light a candle, play a song
As their legacies continue on
You might also likeWe've lost brick and mortar record stores
And really dope diverse tours, R.I.B. Rest in beats
Original flavor and more
We've lost the art of everyone being in the same studio, rest in beats
The love for the art now dipped into dough
We lost real flows to mumbles and memes
We've seem to lost the ideas that we were kings and queens
Where are the groups? Too many going solo
We lost streets, teams, promo, YouTube and Vevo
Man I miss the time when you really had to rhyme
When lines weren't reduced to ghetto studio and crime
For all that we've lost still the essence is preserved
Through beats, sound, stages, dope energy and words (And words)
Salute in tribute, light a candle, play a song
As their legacies continue on and on and on (Rest in beats)
Salute in tribute, light a candle, play a song
As their legacies continue on and on and on
Salute in tribute, light a candle, play a song
As their legacies continue on and on and on and on
Salute in tribute, light a candle, play a song
As their legacies continue on
Never cared how doves cried till I heard you died
Now I wanna forget and God knows I tried
I wished you heaven, I hoped that you heard me
We were undisputed there was no controversy
Tired of the changes that life seems to bring
Never feared for silence, the dead still sing
And we can celebrate by dancing in the streets
Your music, your legacy, rest in beats
I'm sick of this scenario, man, I'm buggin' out
So let's go, let's get loud, let's shout
Nothing but love, yes, the good die young
Forever finds a way your songs will be sung
September now always got me thinking of you
Remembering hard times you helped me through
It wasn't your move but the way you moved me
Your music, your legacy, rest in beats
Rest in beats, rest in beats, rest in beats, rest in beats
Rest in beats, rest in beats, rest in beats, rest in beats
Rest in beats, rest in beats, rest in beats, rest in beats
Rest in beats, rest in beats, rest in beats, rest in beatsEmbed
Rest in peace to Blackat, yeah, I miss ya dog
Rest in peace to Blackat, yeah, I miss ya dog
Tonight I can't sleep, I just stare at the wall
Rest in peace to Blackat, yeah, I miss ya dog
Rest in peace to Blackat, yeah, I miss ya dog
Tonight I can't sleep, I just stare at the wall
It's like we was from the sandbox, I miss my dog
Rest in peace to Blackat, yeah, I miss ya dog
It's like back in '94 when we were first met
In Houston, Texas, I was on tour, I'll never forget
You had me come out to Houston to play celebrity basketball games
You had towels and cups and shirts with my name
When Flavor Flav walked in the gym, the gym lit up
I was hot, on fire, couldn't tell a nigga shit! (WHAT?!?)
We became boys and had that connection
All you wanted for me was go in the right direction
I started having my darkest days, up in the streets of
New York secretly diggin' my grave
With the drugs and the thugs, everything that was white
I dug it out the rugs, I was goin'
1700.4 miles per hour
From the top of the Empire State, I seen the Eiffel Tower
Then you came through and you helped save my life
And I'll never forget you my dude, my boy for life
You might also likeTonight I can't sleep, I just stare at the wall
Rest in peace to Blackat, yeah, I miss ya dog
Rest in peace to Blackat, yeah, I miss ya dog
Tonight I can't sleep, I just stare at the wall
It's like we was from the sandbox, I miss my dog
Rest in peace to Blackat, yeah, I miss ya dog
Thanks to Blackat he gave me a place to stay
So I could have a chance to take my life another way
Because of the way the shit was goin'
I had money flowin' but I wasn't flowin' like the money was flowin'
So he said come to Houston and see what you could do here
I'll give you a room at the crib and food to share
You ain't even got to pay me no rent
You can stay here with me at the crib bro and get high, get bent
I don't care just long as you're doin' good
You could stay here as long as you could
Whatever you do, I'll never hold it against you
You's a grown man, can't hold it against you
We boys till the end, can't hold it against you
When you need a ticket to New York, I sent ya
I'm your homie all the way to the grave
You could always speak to everybody through your boy Flav
Tonight I can't sleep, I just stare at the wall
Rest in peace to Blackat, yeah, I miss ya dog
Rest in peace to Blackat, yeah, I miss ya dog
Tonight I can't sleep, I just stare at the wall
It's like we was from the sandbox, I miss my dog
Rest in peace to Blackat, yeah, I miss ya dogEmbed
Full blown, rap, rock and roll
Whatever happened to solid gold?
Ain't like it can't and won't get sold
Sold by the same cats that stole your soul
Back on a track, don't sound too old
What's goin' on? I don't know, it's trouble
Back in black to bust that bubble
Black Superman's back and not Daredevil
Don't wear throwbacks cause I'm a throwback
So I threw that throwback on the racks
So let's go back, just way on back
Before 8 tracks and Cadillacs
Cats still on crack, screamin' what they lack
And it started with your baby on Similac
Don't get me started, get it up to speed
Gettin' back your soul is what you need

{scratches} Black is back

Get on the soul train, get your soul drained
If your soul's drained, backed right to your brain
Keep the peoples away from P.E. the peeps
So the top 10 joints kill 'em all asleep
So what they got, you think is hot
But the real things in life, your soul forgot
Don't hear it on the radio or MTV
I damn don't know about BET
You might also like

If we can't reach 'em, damn can't teach 'em
Somebody hatin' cause we got the information
Do this once a moon like an eclipse
So back to them politics off my lips
Tell the scared beware of them ghetto tricks
Tell the government, please stay off my dick
The Cris whatever I never sip
Keep the whole damn bottle, I don't even trip
Embed
And right 'bout now, we get ready to get live to this beat. We get live to this beat, so I want everybody in the house to help me count this beat down. Yo, later for that! We ain't count down nothin', know I'm sayin? We ain't count down nothin', 'cause the beat is too large for that, know I'm sayin'? The beat's too large...

When I get down, I give what go around
And when I cough, I do my best to cut it off
I don't claim to be a preacher, not paid to be a teacher, but I'm grown
I try to be a leader to the bone
Never could follow a man with a bottle
He's a baby with a beard and not a feared role model
And they ask me where I get it, I got it from my pops
With a man in the house, and all the bullshit stops
Then I sing a song about what the hell is goin' wrong
You never know if you only trust the TV and the radio
These days, you can't see who's in cahoots
'Cause now the KKK wears three-piece suits
It's like that y'all, it's like that y'all
In fact, you know it's like that y'all

Yeah, that's right straight from Bricktown, boy! Know I'm sayin? Freeport, LI, Roosevelt on the map, know I'm sayin'?You might also likeEmbed
Banned from our damn so called country
No claim y'all know the goddamn name
Some got the rest of the planet to feel us damn it
Substance over style, that's right we on exile
Them ol' heads from strong out the velt
No love good looking out but damn sure felt
Hear me fear me appeared to disappear
The sequel said keep PE from the people
Stole your soul kept the groove on your body black
Now you can't get your mind back
Too dirty for the source power 30
Too clean for 30 year olds who wanna be sixteen
I beg your pardon we belive in other genres
You know what? While your favorites just starting
We come back to do a soul check
Every once in a while like a sonic You know what messiah
To find out these cats got this thing running wild
Oh, God bless the child

Soul Power 

I'm spitting in the wind 'til it knocks a tree down in the woods
(Allahu Akbar) God is good
Either you stand for something or fall for anything
You can get all the money cars and things and still have nothing
Looking for love in all the wrong places
Between getting high on the price tags and smilin' faces
Thinkin' you need rings and things rims and timbs
That ain't rap, that's being slaves again
Hip hop says you can be what you wanna be
As long as you ain't F-A-K-E
It is a four letter word like fame
That fades and if you believe it, you're F-U-C-K-E-D
But how you sell soul to a soulless people who sold their soul?
I guess we all got stole on
By some of the same cats that sold your soul out
G-wiz, bring the beat back, come on
You might also like 

Soul
Public Enemy 
How you sell soul to a soulless people who sold their soul? Embed
"A seventeen year-old boy, who had Skittles in his pocket, was shot and killed"
"I believe the cops are racist"
"I had no intention about fighting my way out..."

From the pages of the Cress Theory, I know you hear me
If you out there, listen up, yeah, I know you feel me
Do I look suspicious on this track, with the black
In it, black hoodie, consciousness, and black fact
Yo, a young kid was shot, is the cry we heard
Like Emmett Till, it was tears and hearts felt
No arrest warrant, no weapons found
One eyewitness, yeah, black body down
I can hear it now, it's the same old racist shit
"Thought he had a gun," that's the same old racist shit
Confessions of a trigger-happy hitman
Murderous, homicidal nature, the racist plan
Burying black boys, the bloodthirsty hunger games
The face of race is white, yeah, they got no shame
"Stand Your Ground," they legalize lynch laws
Touch another black kid, yeah, you touch us all

(Some of those children are small)
(Little kids hopin' up beyond sixteen)
Beyond Trayvon
He lives in a song
(Some of those children are small)
(Little kids hopin' up beyond sixteen)
Beyond Trayvon
He lives in a song
You might also like
I get feared looks, but I live 'round here
My house right next to yours, but I still get stares
In a world of wrongness and fights for the strongest
What's the innocent to do when the fight gets brought, kid?
No way you're that scared of my hoodie
People everywhere getting snared over hoodies
Seen a couple pairs get aired over hoodies
But they don't care, my skin's bared over hoodies

It's time to stand up and just fight for what you believe in
I don't call it violence, I just call it self-defense
Call it black intelligence brought to by the people
You just in it to get it, I'm in it to make a change
In it to change the game, in it to rearrange
Modern day lynching, all that leave us is pain
Knowledge is power, all I give you is brains, you see
It's money, power, respect; all seems the same, ah

(Some of those children are small)
(Little kids hopin' up beyond sixteen)
Beyond Trayvon
He lives in a song
(Some of those children are small)
(Little kids hopin' up beyond sixteen)
Beyond Trayvon
He lives in a song
This world is so chaotic, all I witness is violence
Watching my brothers die and their sons grow with no guidance
The truth's what I'm providing to all those who've been blinded
Being sold this equality bullshit I ain't buying
I'm so sick and tired of being profiled and instantly
Watched close suspiciously because of my ethnicity
Ya so stereotypical, it's despicable
And every black male in a hoodie isn't a criminal

This is everyday life where I'm from, it goes on
But I swear it cannot go beyond Trayvon
Because I'm wearing a hoodie
I gotta get shot or stopped by the cops
It's not just in Florida, it's out in Farrock
People really expect us to act civil? Right
We got a Black president and still fighting for civil rights
We need to come together and unite
Because it's time to fight the power
So put your fists up in the sky

(Some of those children are small)
(Little kids hopin' up beyond sixteen)
Beyond Trayvon
He lives in a song
(Some of those children are small)
(Little kids hopin' up beyond sixteen)
Beyond Trayvon
He lives in a song
Save our sons and daughters
Beyond Trayvon
Freed the ass, the mind followed
With raps that killed tomorrow
I can't support it, fought it
But somebody bought it, community caught it
Yeah, but yo government taught it
And all you heard of
Violence, hard drugs, sex, and murder songs
Never hated artists who kept making 'em
Strong against the wrong, what's been created
But look, many neighborhoods are still devastated
I say it flow's overrated, shows underrated
I hate it when it's degraded and downgraded
Spittin' copywritten to music
Some of y'all grew up to use it
People don't dance to it and just abuse it
Y'all say that when I say this
Injustice still goes on, beyond Trayvon
Thank you NME Sun for this word to the young
You the future, save our daughters and sons

(Some of those children are small)
(Little kids hopin' up beyond sixteen)
Beyond Trayvon
He lives in a song
(Some of those children are small)
(Little kids hopin' up beyond sixteen)
Beyond Trayvon
He lives in a song

We are now the most degraded people on this planet...Embed
Now what, sound of my DJ cuts
Terminator's back on some old fool's track
Takes a nation of sellouts to keep us back
Flippin' disco raps used to be whack
Now what you hear is what you lack
Take a lil' bit of this, a lil' bit of that
Who dropped the bomb on hip-hop
Who got Biggie, and who shot 2Pac
What's forgot? Ain't no Eazy, no Scott La Rock
Now what's rap gotta do with what you got
For whom the bell tolls, is that the way the story goes
85% believing all the videos
God knows who controls the radios
Some people chose the road to be hoes
And so I rose in the middle of all the woes
And Def Jam negroes turnin' up their nose
There's one way in, no way out
No doubt the body count
Gettin' headz checkin' out

Do you wanna go our way
This the way we puttin' this down (x4)

Time to make life shine again like glass
You know I'm sayin'?
Gotta make it shine like glass
You might also like
Outraged against the scene
Proofread the script
Flipped it back so I'm back in gang green
We interrupt this routine, I had a dream
The clean protein smacked the gangsta lean
Between the triple team, wiped 'em out like a drought
Damn, the rap's tetracycline
Them lips foretold these apocalypse
Everything had a shot and got hit with bullshit
Twisted politics tricks I couldn't get with
As one quits another nitwit hits
All the way crazy, shady
World turned upside down, I put it down
Why destroy what you love? Look around
Surrounded by chalk marks on the ground, where the lost got found
Why it all come tumblin' down?
Why he and she gotta die, now how that sound?

Do you wanna go our way
This the way we puttin' this down (x4)

On and on to the break of dawn
Some the 100 meter dash, I'm the marathon
Been around a long time, but the rhyme the same
Sound remains insane, exchange the reign
Ain't that somethin'
Figure I smashed the pumpkin
So I parallel the brains of Cobain
Show no shame like the pain of Kane
Gettin' madd opposition, hip to the game
It's that gran' old PE ammo
Different time, different channel, funky piano
Here to witness get on up with a quickness
S1's in the house with the thickness that get this
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, attackin' they frat
Griff is back, got 5 on it Black
The track got X on the decks
Terminator's back cause a that is whack
On the 1 and 2, yeah, go Flavor
PE hit the road, gettin' set to explode
Fight the power for peace, can't forget the war mode
Overload, there she blows
Here we go, now you know
Damn another Alamo
Do you wanna go our way
This the way we puttin' this down (x4)Embed
Where the Flav? WTF
Payback music
Who the hell they be tellin' you?
What the F they be sellin' you?
Why the hell do you believe when you go where you leave?
W-T-F, W-T-F
W-T-F
What the fuck!?

I occupy this state of mind
Like I'm born a second time
The masses ask the question why
Them asses spend a life behind
On the M.I.C, the P.I.C
I'm against this prison industry
Where most of them look like me
Motherfuck the what, the Tea Party
They made you pay for education
And got no money, and got you waitin'
And tricks to keep the people fooled
And something in the food, my dude
About your future, and where you rank
And who you think, and who you thank
Behind the banks, and all those tanks
The New Whirl Odor is on the brink
A revolution stops the Feds
And count the homeless underfed
Sue the pharmaceutical off the meds
Leavin' people left for dead
Lookin' back 80 years instead
Simply blamed it on the reds
Pay close attention to what is said
But while you listen, you watch your head
You chase the money, you chase the fame
The human race is what they're playing
A game of life is what I'm sayin'
You split them up, you call 'em names
And at my age, if I can't teach
I shouldn't even open my mouth to speak
And talkin' loud and sayin' nothing
And frontin' like they doing somethin'
Feel the people, heal the people
Power goes out to the people
18 and 35 is grown
Can't afford to leave the home
Can't afford to buy a home
Can't afford to keep a home
Boarded up, foreclosed cribs
Based on what ya bank did
Yet see these guys advertise to poor for clothes
The doors are closed
They slam the doors on your nose
Who the hell is telling you?
What the hell they selling you?
And why the hell do you believe?
And where we headed when we leave?
W-T, What the f-?
You might also like
What the f-
What the f-
What the f-
What the fu- (uh)
What the fu- (yeah)
What the fuck (uh, what)
(Yeah) What the fuck!

From Barack Obama to Flavor Flav
We will both be a first 'til we get to our grave
I'm the first hype man in music, he's the first black President
He's the first black resident to ever become President
Free your mind, your ass will follow
Flavor Flav all the way to the Apollo
Freeport LI to LA
Throw a Frito Lay off the dock to the bay
You wanna know why a kid goes to school
And in his book-bag he carries a tool?
Because he's trying to be like his idols in the streets
Gang warfare to the raw fare
Don't even try to go up there
Penalties that you can't bear
You lose your sight, your ass can't hear
It weighs so much, it'll crush your life
Don't play with God, He gave you life
The last man standing, he holds to behold
His weight in stature, his weight in gold
What goes in your wash comes out in your rinse
Back down so tight that you call it condensed
Can't stand the pressure, can't stand the pain
My life is so dry, I wish it would rain
Just like The Temptations, not just the singing group
I'm here to tell you now so don't ignore the scoop
I've been in this rap game for 25 years
If we made the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame
We deserve our cheers
To what we fought the power, to Who Stole the Soul?
Brothers Gonna Work It Out from the ground we hold
God says to man, "I'ma let you live"
God says to man, "I'ma let you live"
God says to man, "I'ma give you power
Not for the intent to misuse your power"
If you wanna dance, you gotta play the band
People die by other hands
The innocent, the Ku Klux Klan
Iraq, and Iran, and Afghanistan
They go to war, they don't come back
The note comes home, "Killed In Attack"
All the medals from Fort Bragg
Collected by a widow along with the flag
41-Gun salute, 4 jets in the air
Now that's going out of style
Your contribution was fear
What you reap is what you sow
A man got killed for what he know
If you wanna be an asshole and get a good wife
Stay the fuck offa Skype and don't believe the hype
 (x2)Embed
Damn sun
Heard it was easy as
1 2 3
We don't control the 3 e's
Still we be on the plantation
And you be in trouble b
Dizzy whirls and niggerlodeons
In the nigga time
24 duckin the war
No shirt on like
Wakin up at 3pm, no job
Ridin around on a bike
Hair half braided
Half combed out
Smoked out
Still braggin about
How cats gonna come up
Get that hustle on
While them babies born
Headed to the club to get more chicks, cmon
These rhymes ain't got
The glow of your normal
Fairytales
As another color passes
Another brother fails
No singin or blingin
Freestylе wingin
Beer can sittin around
Waitin for highlghts on espn
4 3 2 1 over it
Some Vincе Carter dunkin on Mike, an shit
Get yourself together
Before these feds start
Scrapin
Heads off the street
Sendin cats to the middle of heat
Far in the so called middle east
Somebody gotta
Communicate
Beyond the beats
You might also like5 retail chains
Got your brains trained
To consume anything
With a bang and a boom
Gimme room
I'm sayin
It's a scam to pay for airplay today
But 4 major corps
Bought your support
Check the fine print
That cd you bought
Sony Time Warner Universal
Notorius BMG
No lie they just got EMI
3 radio corporations
Own all them so called
Black stations
While two tv stations
Gotcha kids waitin
WB we be
Hatin the fact
Every 5 seconds
Canned laughter
Rolls off the faces of blacks
U p n you pick a nigga
To make the problem
Nigga
As I await the one video arm
Viacom
To get bombed
No doubtEmbed
Its money to be made, yes I’m on the paper chase
You know I love you babe (you know I love you babe)
But you know I gotta go, keep your number on? speed dial
Man I'm in the daze (I'm in the daze)
Man I’m in the daze (I'm in the daze)
You know I love you babe
But man I'm in the daze (in the daze)
Baby let me be yo president, yo Obama you can my bird lady
My Obama momma, low druma, B vacation in the sumer
Girl let me get ya problems,girl you know I here to solvе em
You can tell me no problеm, ooh I know you like me
Ooh I know you love me, you want some more around me
So come on getting lovely, I'm getting into money
Donald trump money, a pow way is stunting and problems keep on coming
And girl you know I'm out there on the road, Missi city shawty shove
Black and prop 'n' nose man I thought I let you know
Man I really gotta go, it from the bottom of my soul
Man I love ya on the lobe, girl in case you didn't know
Man I’m in the daze, walking round round in a maze
Its money to be made, yes I’m on the paper chase
You know I love you babe (you know I love you babe)
But you know I gotta go, keep your number on? speed dial
Man I'm in the daze (I’m in the daze)
Man I'm in the daze (I'm in the daze)
You know I love you babe
But man I'm in the daze (in the daze)
You might also likeMan I’m in the daze, walking round round in a maze
Money to be made, yes I'm on the paper chase
You know I love you babe
But you know I gotta go, keep your number on? speed dial
Man I'm in the dazement, walking past money in a mazement
Eyes low from the kush, similar to Asian
J-Bar is? up next, SOD Money Gang
Wearing day in my shoes man you boys can't hang
Girls say I look good but I'm better in person
My waves are success yes I call it swag surfin'
My bussiness so cropin' but my style so urban
Never rock skinny jeans but yo girl still jerkin
Man I'm in the daze, walking round round in a maze
Its money to be made, yes I'm on the paper chase
You know I love you babe (you know I love you babe)
But you know I gotta go, keep your number on? speed dial
Man I'm in the daze (I'm in the daze)
Man I'm in the daze (I'm in the daze)
You know I love you babe
But man I'm in the daze (in the daze)
Man I'm in the daze, walkin' round round in a maze
Money to be made, yes I'm on the paper chase
You know I love you babe
But you know I gotta go, keep your number on? speed dial
Man I'm in the daze (daze, daze)
Man I'm in the daze (daze, daze)
You know I love ya babe
But man I'm in the dazeEmbed
What good is a bomb? (yeah, uh)
What good is a bomb?
What good is a bomb? (uh)
What good is a bomb?
Disater strikes as the story takes place
Fraudulent light society cast as rich
Thou might mitch
Gotta getcha an index finger
The threat is real now
Who'se pointing the finger?
Why must we testify?
Why must we die?
Why must they decieve?
Why must they lie?
Spread the theives out run the WHO
World Help Organization anti-n* proof
Check points
Loose the noose
Voilent protests, best we stage proof
Deserve finer things living interchangable
I recognize retaliation from every angle
What good is a bomb?
What good is a bomb?
What good is a bomb?
Politicians on some big brother shit
The government kills only gives back sixty six
The terrorists
Why must they intensify?
Why must we die?
Why must they desieve?
Why must they lie?
Independence is the pool
Who'se the hit man behind the locked doors
My parents acts go untouched
Civil liberties they done away 'em
Hey protesters, light the fuse
Life or death, now which one would you choose
Come on
What good is a bomb?
What good is a bomb?
What good is a bomb?
What good is a bomb?
What good is a bomb?
Check it out
You know what they say?
They say you got the freedom of speech
That don't necessarily mean
You have the freedom to speak
Maybe you didn't hear me
They say you got the freedom of speech
That don't necessarily mean
You have the freedom to speak
Why must we testify?
Why must we die?
Why must they decieve?
Why must they die?
What good is a bomb?
What good is bomb?
What good is a bomb?
What good is a bomb?
Come on
What good is a bomb?
Come on, what good is a bomb?
Yeah, what good is a bomb?
What good is a bomb?
Yeah, what good is a bomb?
Yeah, what good is a bomb?
What good is a bomb?
Yeah, what good is a bomb?
It distroys life, whether black or white
It distroys life, whether black or white
It distroys life, whether black or white
It distroys life, whether black or whiteYou might also likeEmbed
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
("Now here's what I want y'all to do for me")
Back, caught you lookin' for the same thing
It's a new thing, check out this I bring
Uh, oh, the roll below the level, 'cause I'm livin' low
Next to the bass, (C'mon!), turn up the radio
They claiming I'm a criminal
But now I wonder how, some people never know
The enemy could be their friend, guardian
I'm not a hooligan, I rock the party and
Clear all the madness, I'm not a racist
Preach to teach to all ('Cause, some, they never had this)
Number one, not born to run, about the gun
I wasn't licensed to have one
The minute they see me, fear me
I'm the epitome of "public enemy"
Used, abused without clues
I refuse to blow a fuse
They even had it on the news
You might also like
Don't believe the hype
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't believe the hype
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't believe the hype

"Yes" was the start of my last jam
So here it is again, another def jam
But since I gave you all a little something that I knew you lacked
They still consider me a new jack
All the critics, you can hang 'em, I'll hold the rope
But they hope to the Pope, and pray it ain't dope
The follower of Farrakhan
Don't tell me that you understand until you hear the man
The book of the new school rap game
Writers treat me like Coltrane, insane
Yes to them, but to me I'm a different kind
We're brothers of the same mind, unblind
Caught in the middle and not surrendering
I don't rhyme for the sake of riddling
Some claim that I'm a smuggler
Some say I never heard of ya, a rap burglar
False media, we don't need it, do we?
(It's fake that's what it be to ya, dig me?
Yo, Terminator X, step up on the stand
And show these people what time it is, boy)
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't believe the hype
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't believe the hype
Don't believe the hype
Don't believe the hype
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't believe the hype

Don't believe the hype, it's a sequel
As an equal, can I get this through to you?
My '98 booming with a trunk of funk
All the jealous punks can't stop the dunk
Coming from the school of hard knocks
Some perpetrate, they drink Clorox
Attack the Black, because I know they lack exact
The cold facts, and still they try to Xerox
The leader of the new school, uncool
Never played the fool, just made the rules
Remember there's a need to get alarmed
Again I said I was a time bomb
In the daytime radio's scared of me
'Cause I'm mad, plus I'm the enemy
They can't come on and play me in prime time
'Cause I know the time, 'cause I'm getting mine
I get on the mix late in the night
They know I'm living right, so here go the mic—sike
Before I let it go, don't rush my show
You try to reach and grab and get elbowed
Word to Herb, yo, if you can't swing this
Learn the words, you might sing this
Just a little bit of the taste of the bass for you
As you get up and dance at the LQ
When some deny it, defy it, I swing Bolos
And then they clear the lane I go solo
The meaning of all of that, some media is the wack
As you believe it's true
It blows me through the roof
Suckers, liars, get me a shovel
Some writers I know are damn devils
From them I say, don't believe the hype
(Yo, Chuck, they must be on the pipe, right?)
Their pens and pads I'll snatch 'cause I've had it
I'm not a addict fiending for static
I'll see their tape recorder, and I grab it
(No, you can't have it back, silly rabbit)
I'm going to my media assassin
Harry Allen—I gotta ask him
(Yo, Harry, you're a writer—are we that type?)
(Don't believe the hype)
("Now here's what I want y'all to do for me")
Don't believe—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't believe the hype
Don't believe—
Don't—
Don't—
Don't believe the hype

I got Flavor and all those things, you know
(Yeah, boy, part two bum rush the show)
Yo, Griff get the green, black and red, and
Gold down, countdown to Armageddon
'88 you wait the S1's will
Put the left in effect, and I still will
Rock the hard jams, treat it like a seminar
Reach the bourgeois and rock the boulevard
Some say I'm negative, but they're not positive
But what I got to give, (The media says this?)
Red, black, and green, you know what I mean?

Yo, don't believe that hype
They got to be beaming that pipe, you know what I'm saying?
Yo, them Megas got 'em going up to see Captain Kirk
Like a jerk, and they outta work
Let me tell you a little something, man:
A lot of people on daytime radio scared of us
Because they too ignorant to understand the lyrics of the
Truth that we pumping into them clogged-up brain cells
That just spun their little wooden skulls they call caps
You know what I'm saying?
But the S1s'll straighten it out quick-fast, in a hurry
Don't worry, Flavor vision ain't blurry, you know what I'm saying?
Yo, Terminator X

Don't—
Don't believe—
Don't believe the hype
Don't—
Don't believe—
Don't believe the hype
Don't believe the hype
Don't believe the hype
Don't—
Don't believe—
Don't believe the hype12Embed
Say what you oughta, world outta order
Paid the cost father time ain't never lost
The boss, y'all ain't heard it?
I work it, uh, the senior circuit
See some quit it, 'cause they don't get it (Kick it, Chuck!)
Fire music, my aim is, forget what my name is
Yeah, I ain't famous to be famous
Remember Troy Davis
Beware, Clive Davis swarming to your art form
Cause there's a party goin' on
Hotel, motel, I'm goin' in, don't care what they spent
Can't prevent the event
Some run to it, shun from it
Been through it, I still rock to it
I sue, I've been sued dude
With this news fit to spit
And the beat goes on

Uh, come on!
Uh, come on!
Uh, come on!
(Kick it, Chuck!)

Never bitter but better, backed by the fact
All I got is my word, the new curse word is black
Still keep me on this track, still keep me on this track
Don't take me off (I got you, Chuck)
Say the test is being at your best
The curse is living at your worst
Crawlin' like a maggot out of they mind
Faster than a Go-Go forty-five
S*** is live, survive
High with out a goddamn reason why basketball wives
Ain't really wives, birds dropping out of the sky
And y'all Google why? (Yeah!)
You might also like
(Kick it, Chuck!)

Feel the people, heal the people
Need the people, so heed the people
Help the homeless, underfed
Revolution, stop the feds
Leavin' people left for dead
Where's your groove? Check your heads
I shall not, not be moved
I, shall, not, be, moved

Uh, come on!
Uh, come on!
Uh, come on!
(Kick it, Chuck!)

Drive-By Trucker, I play it loud, motherf***er
Use it, don't abuse it, the voice gets rougher
Shout my vocals, I salute all the locals
Slept on, kept them out of radio focus
Hocus-pocus spooks sitting by the sound
Corporations dictate what goin' down
Local acts, I got your back, underground
Make 'em run 'til its dark
Run 'em out of town, they got me started, where I start?
Cause I do it to support the art
What good is learnin' from some record
When y'all only listen to fifteen seconds?
On Wi-fi, got you gaggin' on Gaga
Pac made women cry from the very first line
On Wi-fi, got you gaggin' on Gaga
Pac made women cry from the very first line
On Wi-fi, got you gaggin' on Gaga
Pac made women cry from the very first line
On Wi-fi, got you gaggin' on Gaga
Pac made women cry from the very first line
On Wi-fi, got you gaggin' on Gaga
Pac made women cry from the very first line
On Wi-fi, got you gaggin' on Gaga
Pac made women cry from the very first line
On Wi-fi, got you gaggin' on Gaga
Pac made women cry from the very first line
On Wi-fi, got you gaggin' on Gaga
Pac made women cry from the very first line
On Wi-fi, got you gaggin' on Gaga
Pac made women cry from the very first line
On Wi-fi, got you gaggin' on Gaga
Pac made women cry from the very first line
On Wi-fi, got you gaggin' on Gaga
Pac made women cry from the very first line
On Wi-fi, got you gaggin' on Gaga
Pac made women cry from the very first line
On Wi-fi, got you gaggin' on Gaga
Pac made women cry from the very first line3Embed
I come out my crib
Walk out on the block its hot
(Yo there's a black car parked on the corner hot boys)
TNT be creepin'
While niggas be on the side of the soda machine sleeping
Word up kid, they seen what you did
In the car parked way down the block with binoculars
That's what they got
Helicopters parked out on the roof
10,000 disposable cameras taking pictures for proof
You know what this is
That all y'all, get on the wall y'all
Take your worth out ya ass in the stall y'all
Or you take a mean bad fall y'all
TNT, they be playin' for keeps
Wipe you off your teeth like cavity creep

Word is bond, your kids miss you when your gone
But life still goes on, you think they give a fuck?
Yo its hot, what they got, (bratatat-tatat) 41 shots
Word is bond, your kids miss you when your gone
But life still goes on, you think they give a fuck?
Yo its hot, what they got, (bratatat-tatat) 41 shots
You might also like
Bad boys bad boys what ya gonna do
If you get caught by our muthafuckin' crew?
Shot forty-one, only hit nineteen
They need target practice, that's what it seems to me
Allie-Al is Sharpton than a tack
I'ma be like Allie-Al and fight ya back
What, do you want to go to war, you want war?
Do you want to go to war, you want war?
Ill bury all you cocka-la-roaches for breakfast
Shit you out and throw you in the water for the next fish
Cause I can do that shit, G
F-L-A-V-O-R-F-L-A-V, see
To the highest degree times three
That's what you get fuckin' with my family

Word is bond, your kids miss you when your gone
But life still goes on, you think they give a fuck?
Yo its hot, what they got, (bratatat-tatat) 41 shots
Word is bond, your kids miss you when your gone
But life still goes on, you think they give a fuck?
Yo its hot, what they got, (bratatat-tatat) 41 shots

Shootin' at OJ, don't know if he did it
Racist motherfuckers mad cause they ain't with it
The police get out the cars searchin' for nuthin'
If you got sumthin', then they got you for sumthin'
That's fucked up, the way they play dirty
Lock em up in jail until he's past thirty
They don't give a fuck about you
They don't give a fuck about me, I'm past thirty three
Word is born, born is my word
I got you before my word fails
Fuck whatcha heard
I keep it real, you never catch me fakin'
When it comes down to money that's what im making
Dont try and take my shit yo, I know lex yo
Ill have a fit yo
Ill turn the whole mutherfuckin' block on you yo
And that leaves you with nowhere to go
Secretly by the police you was hired
You my favorite customer, I didn't know you was wired
A nik on the ground, covered by my feet
Ay yo rah get the heat
Word is bond, your kids miss you when your gone
But life still goes on, you think they give a fuck?
Yo its hot, what they got, (bratatat-tatat) 41 shots
Word is bond, your kids miss you when your gone
But life still goes on, you think they give a fuck?
Yo its hot, what they got, (bratatat-tatat) 41 shotsEmbed

That's right, Public Enemy number one (One!)
Twenty years

It's been a long and whining road, even though time keeps a changin'
I'ma bring it all back home
I been told I spit lyrics with politics, why wouldn't I?
It says Negro on my birth certificate
Born in 1960 in a nation throughout
I've been a spokesperson for a generation
Within the same old fear of a Black planet
Twenty years of blood, sweat, no tears for fanatics
So damn it, if times is hard, time is God, understand it
Never took time for granted
It's alright, Ma, as a child of the sixties
Along the watchtower, I can't bet they're going to miss me
I'm only bleedin' every grain in me
Fans, if it's not for you, there'd be no PE
From the Nashville Skyline, to the homeboys and girls of South Country
In this world gone wrong, here's another love song

(One, one, one) "Num-number one, number-number one"
(One, one, one) "Honest-honestly I need to stop hating, number one" Come on
(One, one, one) No tears
"Num-number one, number-number one"
"Honest-honestly I need to stop hating, number one"
"Hoo-hah!"
You might also like
We came a long way, baby, you know what's amazing?
They're surprised, we told these new guys Flavor's always been crazy
Hit London '87 like it was an invasion
Toured the world for three years, a hell with a vacation
Vocation of vocalization, especially with the impact
Of "It Takes a Nation of Millions to Hold Us Back"
You bet there's blood on them Bomb Squad tracks
"Black Steel," "Baseheads," "Party For Your Right to Fight,"
"Prophets of Rage," "Bring the Noise," and "Don't Believe the Hype,"
"Can't Do Nuttin' For You Man", "911 is a Joke"
Twenty years, we got here by actin' like common folk
Tourin' the world like a Rolling Stone, then the nineties came (Yeah)
Then we welcomed y'all to the Terrordome
Some threw it away, instead we had somethin' to say
Cause the streets still ended up by havin' no names
Since "Rebel Without a Pause," the beats were never the same
And by 1998, we still had game, we rocked on
(Rockin' on, rockin' on)

(One, one, one) "Num-number one, number-number one"
(One, one, one) "Honest-honestly I need to stop hating, number one"
(One, one, one)
"Num-number one, number-number one"
"Honest-honestly I need to stop hating, number one"
"Hoo-hah!"
Only a pawn in the game, chastised for naming names
What was said and who said it, anti-nothing so forget it
Tears of rage left a friend blowing in the wind
But time is God, been back for ten years, and black again
Some of them same cats helped usher in gangsta rap
Damn, our interviews were better than a lot of them acts
Praised the gangsta just because it sold (Power)
While consciousness went from platinum and it shrunk down to gold
Seen the nation reduce fight the power to gin and juice
Some people gave it up and they turned it loose (Bring the noise)
They rocked on
(Come on!)

(One, one, one) "Num-number one, number-number one"
(One, one, one) "Honest-honestly I need to stop hating, number one"
(One, one, one)
"Num-number one, number-number one"
"Honest-honestly I need to stop hating, number one"
"Hoo-hah!"

Beethoven, Bach, and Brahms, I want some James Brown
Even Bruce, Brian, Bono, Beck, yeah, Chuck Berry
Prince, Stevie, Sly, Smokey, Johnny Cash in my Chevy
Heard some call me Uncle Tom - now that's Petty
I'm a songwriter, fool, I condense sense from right and wrong
I'm livin' in the key of protest songs
From basement tapes, beyond them dollars and cents
Changing of the guards spent, now where the hell the majors went?
Most of their time out of mind, hating my mess-age rhymes
"Can't Truss It," "Shut 'em Down," call it what you want it
They made a day fit for a king by the time we got to Arizona
Tomorrow's a long time, got God on our side
Over bass and drum beats, hear the good rhymes ride
There's a poison goin' on, there's a shelter from the storm
Hard rain's gonna fall, still the people rock on
We rock on
(Blood, sweat, no tears, Public Enemy)
(One, one, one) "Num-number one, number-number one"
(One, one, one) "Honest-honestly I need to stop hating, number one"
(One, one, one)
"Num-number one, number-number one"
"Honest-honestly I need to stop hating, number one"
"Hoo-hah!"
(One, one, one) "Num-number one, number-number one"
(One, one, one) "Honest-honestly I need to stop hating, number one"
(One, one, one)
"Num-number one, number-number one"
"Honest-honestly I need to stop hating, number one"
"Hoo-hah!"2Embed
I occupy the planet Earth
I testify, it's a piece of work
I'm gratified down to the dirt
Been around the world a few times, I seen the hurt
Quakes, hurricanes, and tornadoes
Warning times to man's designs
Under that concrete y'all call the street
Is the heart of land, you can hear the beat

The pain in all the lies, uh
And the pain in all them lives
The pain of losin' homes, yeah
With the pain of the unknown, yeah
And the pain of what you spent
The pain of government
No matter what you say, you don't pay
Here they come to take it away
So don't give it up

Don't give up
You don't give up the fight
Don't give up
You don't give up the fight
You might also like
The foreign lands and the seven seas
Radiation is the world's disease
Bringing nations down to the knees
Mother Nature, she ain't pleased
Trees diseased, deep freeze
Doin' us like that government cheese
Smell that burning in the breeze
Summertime, a hundred-twenty degrees

The pain in all the lies, uh
And the pain in all them lives
The pain of losin' homes, yeah
With the pain of the unknown, yeah
And the pain of what you spent
The pain of government
No matter what you say, you don't pay
Here they come to take it away
So don't give it up

(Hey!) Pay close attention
Don't be distracted by invention
All the rappers around the nation
This is how you'll find redemption
So shut 'em down in appreciation
Of the world itself and God's creation
What good is the 'hood if you up to no good
Them government gangsters would hang you on wood
Stop the tape, my mind's stuck in sixty-eight
Haight Asbury, now our ass buried in hate
I paraphrase beyond the gaze
A haze hovers over a crowd that disobeys

The pain in all the lies, uh
And the pain in all them lives
The pain of losin' homes, yeah
With the pain of the unknown, yeah
And the pain of what you spent
The pain of government
No matter what you say, you don't pay
Here they come to take it away
So don't give it up

Don't give up
You don't give up the fight
Don't give up
You don't give up the fight
"How to fight the power, cannot run and hide"
"How to fight the power, cannot run and hide"
"How to fight the power, cannot run and hide"
"How to fight the power, cannot run and hide"
"How to fight the power, cannot run and hide, shouldn't be suicide"
"How to fight the power, cannot run and hide, shouldn't be suicide"
"How to fight the power, cannot run and hide, shouldn't be suicide"
"How to fight the power, cannot run and hide, shouldn't be suicide"Embed
Time is running out
Prophecy is a mean thing
The prophets are together
No one will be permitted to get in this area
Except by special pass issued by state or military prop
The year of our lord two thousand
Hysteria of music
The war will become a single machine
Then is a story about what happened and why
The explosion the explosion
Then is a story about what happened and why
Four three two one
Kill
The terrifying future
The terrifying future

This centuryYou might also 