Yo my nigga Jamel Simmons what the deal nigga?
(Gold D, Dig Dast what's goin down, what's goin down)
{Aight, what's goin on, what's goin on
What's the deal pa, where you headed son?}
(Yo I'm bout to go to the studio and lay smash hit
Wit my Uncle Run, boy)
{Word?} Ain't he a Reverend now, collectin plates
At churches and shit?
(He's spittin flames right now baby
He at the top of his game, right now
I'm tellin, I'm show you, watch
Youknowhatimean? He's a born again, hooligan)
Uh-huh

I'm red rum, Reverend Run, brother son, earthquakin
Industry shakin, you kiddin me? We money makin
Your money fake son, I'll call you clay 'cause you get's Play-Doh
Jamel and Joey Simmons holdin millions on the lay low
Platinum hailos, hero heads high from hydro
Hit the dime on the combo, she try to diss my rhyme flow
She ain't know we only glamorous like Phat Farm fashion
Simmons name sinamous wit this cash
It's our passion... What!?
You might also like
Yo basically I'm here to rename rap, it ain't rap no more
Call it Simmons Incorporated, since '74
Lotta money in this fam, think about it
Me wit Run-D. M. C., and him over at Def Jam
Well damn, how the hell you think we livin?
How you think it feel to be a Simmons
Imagine Christmas and Thanksgiving
People wanna know why I ain't on my brother's label
If I did this whole rap game be unstable
Went over to Arista wit Mr. Davis, for the change of neighbors
It's only fair that we share those naked papers
You can tell a cat serious about rap and it ain't luck
If 20 years after his first single, his name's stuck
From '74 to '99, did novice to king, wit a million
Mc's waitin in line
Keep a barrel on this album if my man's and them rise

Now speed it up, uh

Run really make ya wanna drop, drop
Now wanna make ya go live, live
Now wanna make ya go live, live
Now hold up
Now I walked on ice and never fell
I spent my time in a plush hotel
John-John Phenomenon, deadly but calm
Word to my born, dead by dawn
Got the right to bear arm, ring the alarm!
Another sound boy dyin, hot irons
Slugs flyin out the hardware appliance
Baby mamma cryin, sobbin and grievin
You was at odds wit them kids till they made it even
Let down ya guard, yes you did, now you barely breathin
To unaware, open season on a duck, we don't give a what
Yo best best to give it up
Sho indeed, let's Run D's mc's, they phony
Some hump free, they mad bogey
Saddle up ya horse, if the sunset mosey
Jam Master Jay deserve a trophy for this track, right?
Futuristic G past type, if that's yo girlfriend
She wasn't last night punk, little boy
Stylin mad chump, ain't no wins here
This sport's extreme, know what I mean?
Gettin royalty, +Down With the King+!!!

Crack, crack, cracks in the cradle
Cracks, in the cradle
Cracks in the cradle, cokes in the spoon
Little Boy Blue higher than the moon
Will he, will he want a weapons, will he wanted the wound
I come to school and lay down the rules
Two, two, two channel empty guzzle, brake gallons of drop
Shorty wit the forty, once sport in the dark
Co-co-corner, black as a goner
Didn't really wanna call my momma in Savannah
I spit dynamite ignite turn off lights
Recite, spit poetry type, get my squad physically hype
Get a hundred blast from Funkmaster, crush ya life
+Blast+ Time to go now, show these fake rappers the way to go down
Down With The Kings, like Smokey down wit Motown
Who wanna come and see, come and test me
Take about a million mc's to wet me
For Run-D. M. C. I let shells fly, freein the five
Wit the red eye, niggas talkin to much
Tape 'em up, leave 'em hog tied

You thinkin about it way to hard, how to get down wit the Gods
Kenny Cash, the Bronx cat, but it'll ride wit gats
Peep chicks huggin the sacks, yours scratchin the back
I'mma shark in a shack, y'all cats is feedin the fish
Now hate and feed wit clips, nigga that leave you ripped
And I'm leavin 'em dry, shit's crushed wit bleadin lips
Bet I, leave these chips, and a C. L. K
After I hang plaques in the spot wit Run, D and Jay
Embed
Reporters clock, producers jock
They wanna be down with the King!

Down with the king for years, about ten of 'em
Recruiting suckers mackin' mic, and makin' men of 'em
Tears and fears for my peers, they rippin'
You think that it is, it is, if not it isn't
Race for the border my daughter, 'cause beats you're bangin' out
Jeeps rockin' beats in the streets when there's time for hangin' out
Gather, or rather form a circle around a loud
'Cause brothers or others could never ever rock a crowd
Is it because he's runnin' off with the mouth
Or was he really clearly tryin' to play a nigga out
Nope, shut him down, the king with a crown
'Cause all you wanna be is Diggy Down

Down with the king
The king down with the king 
The king

Two years ago, a friend of mine
Asked me to say some MC rhymes
So I said this rhyme I'm about to say
The rhyme was meeca, and it went this way
Recollect a mecca mic check on the windmill skills
Mac distracts, wearing Godfather hats
It's okay to parlay to forte better
Tell 'em my nigga made a sweater tougher than leather
Swing another Rodney King thing and I'll wreck
But just like the white one I get no respect
Money stay awake, 'cause them other niggas are fake
From Hollis to the Beacon, now your dumb ass is leakin'
C.L. and Run D.M.C. so rush it
Big time weight before Hammer got to touch it
Remember the faces in all types of places
Look Ma, no shoelaces
And I'm
You might also like
Down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King

I'm takin' the tours, I'm wreckin' the land
I keep it hardcore because it's dope man
These are the roughest toughest words I ever wrote down
Not meant for a ho like a slow jam, check it
Sucka emcees could never swing with D
Because of all the things that I bring with me
Only G-O-D could be a king to me
And if the G-O-D be in me, then the king I be
The microphone is branded when it's handed to me
I was planted on this planet and I plan to emcee
The emcee fiends only seem to agree
That I rock all the world and the society
Outrageous on the stages with a tune of verse
I give praises from these pages to the universe
My voice is raw, my lyrics is law
I keep it hardcore like you never saw

Down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King
I'm the man you see, in the place to be
I went to John Jay University
And since kindergarten I acquired the knowledge
And after twelve grade I went straight to college
Down with the kings on the mic, a full swinger
The P to the R, not an R&B singer
The R to the U-N-D-MC'n
The fly human beings, tonight I hold the key and
Flowin' with the funk track, here to soul brother black
Pick up the bass, better yet leave a space
So let me put my big black twinkie on in to the early mornin'
Had skins yawning'
Mecca? (yo) you want the mecca? (yo)
I'll make a funky beat so we can blow, check it out
Pete Rock's the beat knock, put you in a headlock
And now all the outty out flock is down with the king

Down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King

Down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King down with the king, the king down with the king
The King Down with the
The King Down with the
The King Down with the
The King Down with the
The King Down with the king8Embed
It was December 24th on Hollis Ave after dark
When I seen a man chilling with his dog in the park
I approached him very slowly with my heart full of fear
Looked at his dog, oh my God, a ill reindeer
But then I was illin' 'cause the man had a beard
And a bag full of goodies, 12 o'clock had neared
So I turned my head a second and the man was gone
But he must’ve dropped his wallet smack dead on the lawn
I picked the wallet up but then I took a pause
Took out the license and it cold said "Santa Claus"
A million dollars in it, cold hundreds of G's
Enough to buy a boat and matching car with ease
But I'd never steal from Santa, cause that ain't right
So I'm going home to mail it back to him that night
But when I got home I bugged, cause under the tree
Was a letter from Santa and the dough was for me

It's Christmas time in Hollis, Queens
Mom's cookin' chicken and collard greens
Rice and stuffing, macaroni and cheese
And Santa put gifts under Christmas trees
Decorate the house with lights at night
Snow's on the ground, snow white so bright
In the fireplace is the yule log
Beneath the mistletoe as we drink eggnog
The rhymes that you hear are the rhymes of Darryl's
But each and every year we bust Christmas carols
You might also likeChristmas melodies

Rhymes so loud and proud you hear it
It's Christmas time and we got the spirit
Jack Frost chillin', the hawk is out
And that's what Christmas is all about
The time is now, the place is here
And the whole wide world is filled with cheer

My name's D.M.C. with the mic in my hand
And I'm chilling and coolin' just like a snowman
So open your eyes, lend us an ear
We want to say

Merry Christmas and Happy New Year!15Embed
Huh, huh
Jam, Master Jay
J-j-jam, jam, jam
Jam-Master Jay
J-j-jam, jam, jam
Kick off the shoes
K-k-kick
Kick off the shoes
K-k-kick
Kick off the shoes
84, 84,84
80, 80, 80, 84
80, 80, 80, 84
80, 80, 80
Jay, Jay, Jay
J-A-Y are the letters of his name
J-A-Y are the letters of his name
Real, real, real Jam-Master
Real, real, real Jam-Master
You might also likeAnd only practice makes a real Jam-Master
That's the way it is
Way
Run, Run, Run
Run-DMC and Jam-Master Jay
Way, way, way it is
Kick off the shoes
D-D-DMC and Jam-Master Jay
Kick off the shoes
Kick off the shoes
Jump on the jock
Listen to the Jam-Master
As he starts to rock
K-k-kick
K-k-kick
Like that
Yes, that's the way, way, way it isEmbed
Now Peter Piper picked peppers, but Run rocked rhymes
Humpty Dumpty fell down, that's his hard time
Jack B. Nimble was nimble and he was quick
But Jam Master cut faster, Jack's on Jay's dick
Now Little Bo Peep cold lost her sheep
And Rip Van Winkle fell the hell asleep
And Alice chilling somewhere in Wonderland
Jack's serving Jill a bucket in his hand
And Jam Master Jay's making all that sound
The turntables might wobble, but they don't fall down

Now Dr. Seuss and Mother Goose both did their thing
But Jam Master's getting loose and D.M.C.'s the king
'Cause he's adult entertainer, child educator
Jam Master Jay king of the crossfader
He's the better of the best, best believe he's the baddest
Perfect timing when I'm climbing, I'm a rhyming apparatus
Lot of guts, when he cuts, girls move their butts
His name is Jay, hear the play, he must be nuts
And on the mix real quick and I'd like to say
He's not Flash, but he's fast and his name is Jay

It, it goes a one, two, three, and
You might also like
Jay's like King Midas as I was told
Everything that he touch turn to gold
He's the greatest of the greater, get it straight, he's great
Playing fame 'cause his name is known in every state
His name is Jay, to see him play, will make you say
"God damn that DJ made my day"
Like the butcher, the baker, the candlestick maker
He's a maker, a breaker, and a title taker
Like the little old lady who lived in a shoe
If cuts were kids he would be due
Not lying y'all, he's the best I know
And if I lie my nose will grow
Like a little wooden boy named Pinocchio
And you all know how the story go

Tricks are for kids, he plays much gigs
He's a big bad wolf and you're the three pigs
He's a big bad wolf in your neighborhood
Not bad meaning bad, but bad meaning good

There it is

We're Run-D.M.C., got a beef to settle
D's not Hansel, he's not Gretel
Jay's a winner, not a beginner
His pocket gets fat, others get thinner
J-j-j-j-j, jump on Jay like cow jumps moon
People chase Jay like dish and spoon
And like all fairy tales end
You'll see Jay again my friend, huh9Embed
{*Jam Master Jay obliges with the cut..
"Run.. Dee.. Run.. D.. M.. C.."
"Here we go again!" -] Chuck D*}
"What's it all about?" (4X with stutter repeats)

Livin in the city - the crack the mack and all that
Easy does it, is it was it
The black or white that Friday night
In those racist places - let's get it right
Ah to the maximum, and keep askin 'um
When the city gonna fix where the BLACKS are from
And every day around the way another one got
Bucked in his head - from a gunshot
No chance in advance for the ambulance
Cause he was just another victim of the circumstance
A brother died, the mother cried, it was a pity
But that's how it goes down when you're livin in the city
{*Jam Master Jay cuts "What's it all about?" samples*}

Just a hard rock, call him a hard rock
In the metropolis there's no stoppin this
Can't agree with society poppin this
Disagree with the plea when they coppin it
Some men pretend the end will come soon
They gather what they can and them BOOM
You played yourself, you made your wealth;
The deal was dealt - now your health is in question
Three Card Molly, hoodlums - who are we?
Pollution, prostitution, In God We -
- need a solution, revolution, substitution
For the thing's that we're abusing
Pity the city, for the people livin out on the streets
Yo we homeless, the homeless need to eat
There's no progress for the rest
God bless for less
You might also like{*Jam Master Jay cuts "What's it all about?" samples*}
(*musical breakdown*}
	What it is?
	What's it all about?
	Whassup G?
	What it be?
	How you livin HOMELESS PROBABLY
Mandela's free
	and they're rollin with D
	In history you cannot see em like they cannot see me
	The Berlin Wall
	It all had to fall
	They said no but..
	"Yo!"	"Yes y'all!"
	The people that spoke were never provoked
And now it's tumblin down
Freedom of speech for each
	Now how that sound?
	Try to stop me from sayin what I want to say
My funky rhyme I never quit until the break of day
NOW HERE WE GO as I flow and show and kick
	Infor-mation, teach and ? reach inside the nation
And be a.. SEER CAUSE I'M REASON WITH RUN
	And now that the point is out
Let the jam slam my man and tell me
What's it all about?
{*Jam Master Jay cuts "What's it all about?" samples*}
(*musical breakdown*}

I flex my muscle, what I must do
Is bumrush you, FUCK YOU I'll crush you
The Ku Klux Klan is fucked up
And every good man'll understand
Beginnin and winnin, from the first fuckin vocal
I spoke to you, I ain't no joke to you
I do what I want to do
If you don't like what me and my crew is doin then FUCK YOU
What I do and what I done with Jay and Run
None could ever become, to sum it up bum..
Get off my DICK and out my KINGDOM
(Yo yo D tell em where you're from)
Straight from Hollis, Queens
I'm still eatin collard greens and I'm doin the same things
I ain't never goin out suckers..
Punk motherfuckers!
What's it all about?
(*musical breakdown*}Embed
On the lower level where the devils dwell..
Comin from the one, comin back from hell
{*"Back.." - "from the depths of hell" -] scratched by Jay*}

Peepin out the window, checkin on the criminals
Out in the yard, it's hard, but you're in
So you do your time and never let the time do ya
He lost his mind that's what the time'll do to ya
A brother in the box screamin find a ciggarette
Niggas walkin by ain't tryin to hear that
So off to the Day Room, a fight in progress
A brother got sliced and diced over nonsense
D.O.I., Dead On the Island
The life the knife the price, for wigga-wildin
Never a day, I say I'm not leavin
Long as I live in a crib and I'm breathin
Four years done, another one in a cell
Don't need nobody to come, cause I'll be back from hell
{*"Back.." - "from the depths of hell" -] scratched by Jay*}

Fire and brimstone, sendin 'em home
To the brownstone, and on the streets that he roamed
Before he got locked up, he sewed the whole block up
People would jock, because he cooked the rock
Caught by the cop, he's knocked, and now he's faceless
The spot was hot, he's Scott, that's what his name is
When he was out with clout, people surround him
Now that he's in the pen, niggas downed him
Wait upstate, for the day, til they free the man
In '98, be straight, and then you'll see him again
Ready to kill, and steal, ill and build
A flyer empire, higher, still runnin the 'ville
You might also like{*"Back.." - "from the depths of hell" -] scratched by Jay*}

Boy goin to hell, another day in the dark
The brother wait in the park, blind faded and stalked
Naked, out to die and not movin
He needs a fix by six that means you've been
Strung out, your lung out, foamin with your tongue out
Back to hell and well, that's where you hung out
For the past and last year, your acts for cash here
Crash and smash any ass to get a blast yeah
The brother smother his mother, for another one
Then ill and kill, with the other son
For crack as well, the brother black he yell
You just stop and think, he's comin back from hell
{*"Back.." - "from the depths of hell" -] scratched by Jay*}
.. "from the depths of hell and you can smell the smoke!"Embed
Groove to the sounds of Jam Master Jay
The high-potent, super-charged
Spiritual lyrical miracle, of a man
Damn, you can't understand
The fulfillment, of the prophecy
The epitome, the legacy, of every MC
Understand, to be the man
You got to beat the man
Got somethin to say, let the music play
Groove to the sound of Jam Master Jay
It's the real, real deal
Don't you feel stupid?  Reel to reel, and we looped it
Takes it around, we threw the sound
Threw down, now scoop this!
Here we go, like back in the days
The true heroes, MC's, DJ's
The Hollis Crew, we rocked the spot
Fe-male grou-pies, they jock a lot
Ugly hoes jockin, don't give em no rap
Sack ?? or not, cause my posse's strapped
Don't deny us, the flyest guys in town
Punks, try us, you get beat down
The 40 Ounce Crew and Afros is in charge
We N.F.L. - that's Niggas Fuckin large
And we drive big cars
Our entourage, is rollin hard
We don't play uh-uh no way
Groove to the sound of Jam Master Jay
Ah let's go now..
Ya don't stop..
You keep on and..
Rock the house!
You might also like
So slam for the jam, fast, if ya can
Damn I never ran, cause man I am
Gonna keep the beat complete (complete)
Compete defeat (defeat), and serve suckers a seat!
And now you're lazy crazy, a daisy don't faze me
Here's my nine now raise me
Another vic to stick and lick so quick
You got your ass kicked now get off my dick
Pull up to the bumper baby
And kiss my motherfuckin ass!

As we come, together, forever, whenever
The clever get better (better) so get yourself together

And listen to the rhymes I'm about to say

And groove to the sound of Jam Master Jay
Ah let's go now..
Ya don't stop..
You keep on and..
Rock the house!
Now I kick a lyric live, rip rockin rhymes
A line on time, a fine design
All the girls, look my way
All on mines and they always say
"D.M.C. - you look so cute
In your Carhart suits, and Adidas boots"
I'm not souped, I just troop
Loop the loop, for my crew
I hold the fort, fly rhymes I sport
I fought then brought you the knowledge you sought
So listen good, and listen well
Cause I +Raise Hell+ with the stories I tell
Which I say and play, day by day
When I groove to the sounds of Jam Master Jay
So let's go now..
Ya don't stop..
You keep on and..
Rock the house!
And aiyyo!  I just wanna shout out to my home-BRO, from Tokyo!
And check this out, if you're a critic, you can get the DIDDICK
Just because I pop a lot of SHITTIT
All the way, to L.A
And to my homeboys, Ladi Dadi
I just wanna know, why you rock it so hard
And to the Hollis Crew, the 40 Ounce Crew
And the Afros too, just wanna let you know
This is what we love, TO DO!
(Yeahhhh babyee) AUGGGH!Embed
Bob your head.. (2X)
As we bop on..
To the break of dawn..
The non-stop hip-hop bop..
Takes you on down..
To the last, STOP!!		"ruff, ruff an' rugged we comin.."
So won't ya bob your head..	"ruff, ruff an' rugged we comin.."
B-b-ba bob your head..		"ruff, ruff an' rugged we comin.."

A freak I find the kind to wine and dine
I freak a blind date, and your fate is to wait in line
At the party.. tryin to get a hottie
Cool T and Roddy, D.M.C. and Scottie
Big Kev and Marty, Hurricane and Arty
Phil, Doug, and Naughty - damn, a big party
So I grab the mic, I like, recite, the hype
And type, and write, with my..
Freak it 'fore the niggy night is done
For Ricky-Run to get dumb and then some
So while you're here, it's clear to every per-son
Ah that you need to bob get involved
And weave with ease and please the steez with G's
Now, just to be at ease
Cause this is it, legit, a hit, I throw a fit
Not slackin or lackin a bit, nah that ain't it
So just a bob ya head, like I said, the fresh it
So just a bob ya head..		"ruff, ruff an' rugged we comin.."
You might also like
Bob your head!			"ruff, ruff an' rugged we comin.."
"ruff, ruff an' rugged we comin.."

I make your heads bob, I got you slobbin the knob
So do a good job, why don't ya let me know - HOW YA LIVIN HOBBES?
Whassup wit ya girl?  Ya know I like the way your earrings jang
And your booty swing, ah while my beat go
BOOM BOOM - why don't you let me take you to my room
Take off our shoes relax sit on bed and watch the Looney Tunes
But no!  You want me take you out and wine and dine you
But I ain't got no time to chase behind and never find you
So be this dope a lethal dose of poisonious potion
Stick to the sound that's up and down now sit ya that's the motion
Buckwild inna style for ya honey child
The organization of bobbin and pacin will make you bob a while
Grab a cutie, Duke her Bootee, bust a ?? box
That's my duty, girl please do me, don't try to cockblock
Give nuff respect, I love the sex, again I said..
Here it comes from Run (yo Jay) 'Yo D!' HOE BOB YA HEAD

"ruff, ruff an' rugged we comin.."
Ah just a bob ya head		..
Bob ya head			"ruff, ruff an' rugged we comin.."
Ah just a bob ya head		..
Well I believe you weave and bob the job is done
By Run so come get some for fun
Keep the force I'm nicky-number one
And I'll scratch my vocord for f-f-fun
And nevertheless I must confess that it's a bless-un
That people are ride and must abide to this direct-ion
I triple it up to let you know that I'm a swift one
Those who oppose get broken nose that's how I live son
I move the head that's what I said, this is my miss-ion
I'm dickin em down and all around, to make the head bob
So bend your neck, give nuff respect to me, dance Hobbes
For this is it, the brand new shit, I'd like to mention
So hurry up because the cut is my inven-tion
The jazz, pizazz, with class, at last
Kickin your ass, for the past
Three and a half minutes, you been in it to win it
So you defin-in-it..-itely need to bob your head

And I say!
I'd like to give a shout out to the Hollis Crew, in there!
My homeboy D.M.C., he's in there!
To my homeboy Jam Master Jay
And the brothers at JMJ, you know they in there!
To my man Eric Blam, in there!
To my man Grand Wizard Cut Professor DJ Dig, definitely in there!
My name is Run Love and I'm out of here with The Afros
And the 40 Ounce CREW!Embed
AUHHH!

Yes yes y'all
Off to the lagoon, so soon, my tune'll have room
To go boom so I go to the ?pazoom?
Place where the bass in your face is never 'ternal
Then I ran into my man the alligator so
How you livin like a sucker wife is such a nag
I wish I wish when niggas fish they'd make a gator bag
But other than that I'm livin fat I got a record deal
Me and this pig got fifty gigs yo homeboy check it squeal
He said his rap and that was that and I was left alone
Let me kick you this lyric
Gather round now hear about the Flintstones
Fred and Barn' and all the rest of the Flintstones
They got a Benz with rocks and dark tints homes
Kitted out, VVS the whole bit
People screamin on Fred and sayin, "Oh shit!"
And then my man Fred came home late (doin what?)
Cold beefin bout, Mr. Slate
And then he walked to the door, seen Wilma cryin
Fred said, "Yo hoe, I ain't lyin!"
And next thing, you heard a little crunch
Fred fell (what?) result of a punch
And then they got up, and went and got the crew
Back to the hoe's house -
Yabba dabba dabba dabba doo y'all
A dabba doo y'all
And that's comin straight from me to you y'all
You might also like
You need a umbrella if it starts to rain
You need a umbrella if it starts to rain
You need a umbrella if it starts to rain
So why didn't you just bring a raincoat?
And I hope, that you have a boat
Cause my cussin is floodin and you need to stay afloat
Not on water, but on somebody's daughter
You never ever wanna say that you caught a
Breeze, that'll freeze or some kind of the disease
To make you ill and sneeze (AH-CHOO!)
I'm tryin to tell you Baby Pop
You press your luck or youse a sucker suckin on a lollipop
You knocked off the boots and only got your shit wet
Needles inject just to disinfect, you're upset
Your stupid monkey-ass didn't protect yourself
Kick the frama lama lama lama lama!
AH-CHOO!

Motherfuckers poppin shit about a nigga goin out
Without a hit or shit to his name to claim
And aim that shit towards me, nah..
That ain't what time it is, cause this is mines and his
'Member the crime you did?  Don't ever close your lid
Cause if you sleep I keep the cheap motherfuckin
Tape you gave me, so behave see
My name is Run and I'll run this ruler up your ass
And measure the shit you're poppin
There's no stoppin or coppin or playin with me
You see, I'll break your fuckin neck, I'm deadly!Embed
As I proceed indeed to take the lead with speed
All the suckers'll back off and fall
But this is the hype I like and the type of mic
You wanna fight?  Just gimme a call
I'm going to breeze..

.. past the other MC's
And D's rhymes'll flow like water
The wind, the rain, the hurricane, it's all the same
With rhymes in order

And yo my name is Run, and yeah I'm all that
Slap back the KING of the daddy mack's
But that ain't the news I choose to tell
I gotta use the cruise that bruises well
For the grime you slime, you try to diss mine
I put your head to bed, cause it's bedtime
I knock out your teeth beneath your gums
Now you're mumblin - you bum!
(Turn out the lights Run!)  Picture punks playin me close
When I'm hard as hell, and that's all labelled SUCKERS
Waitin for the King of Swing to bring
"Beats to the Rhyme," and yeah I'm runnin things
Now that's the name of the phrase
So don't be amazed at the ways my rhyme displays
You gotta make the best of what you got to get to the top
In hip-hop, you gotta diggy diggy don't STOP!
You might also like.. musical interlude ..

The longest yardest artist, hittin hardest, smartest
Professor, compressor, impressor to the lesser
Low-life ?? of the mic
I come CORRECT! (You surely right)
The atmosphere is clear when I appear
Here to wax and tax an MC for mere pennies
And if any, wanna get with D
I crash and bash and smash his ass for free
Black man!  Originating creating a beat
I educate and straight from off the streets
HARD, like a man was born to be
It just just happened in rap I was born to be
KING, yeah me the king of the rock
So let's rock the spot and diggy don't STOP!
.. musical interlude ..
	Funky lyrics that you hear
	AS WE RELEASE THE MASTERPIECE THE MUSIC WILL CEASE
	and I'll put up the peace sign

And I roll with soul and reach my goal, the story is told
D's bold, and suckers'll fold
And I'm Run my son the fun has just begun
And some are slum, and make em sell til
Crumbles crumb they hum, those fools will come
And none have never done Run, Jay!

D.M.C. the king is me and I be
The voice of black community
So be the unity inside of me, and we
Will all agree about this - don't STOP!
.. music to fade ..Embed
	(This what happens in the city e'ryday)
	The city..
C-c-livin in the ci-tayyyy!
	The ci..
C, ci-c, ci-c-c-c-c-ci-tayyyy!

From the city, although it ain't pretty
And times gettin down to the nitty gritty
The city busy, traffic tragic
Magic graphic ain't nuttin to laugh at
Poverty, robbery, larceny
Problems to me so don't bother me
With the drugs thugs I ain't got no time for that
I'm too busy tryin to get another brother's, pockets fat
Stay the fuck in school, cool learn the rule
Knowledge to fuel the brain the tool
I kick info just to let you know
The rhyme gonna show you how far you can go
In the city
You might also likeL-li-li-la-li, li-li-livin in the ci-tayyyy!
The ci-tayyyy!
*car tires squeal*Embed
And I say.. the brother's about to get naughty!
Rockin you on down.. to the last.. STOP!

See them on the corner, scheamin a scam
Makin plans beat the man that'll put him in ?amb's?
Cut for the loot to group, hit a troop or bank
No thanks to the brothers in blue
Freeze stay at ease, nigga get to your knees
Seen cash in the back, about a hundred G's
Step to the next, got a scam with checks
Cold stole a bankroll from plenty of ?? then
Up to The Ave., a cab to the lab
To make a stop to drop off the money in the bag
And then send a friend that's been down
To do a job to rob a brother in town
Livin and givin a damn, two different things
The brother dig diamond rings
It's not about makin the money, but the money is taken
Shake em down, flip em out, then break em
He'll break a leg, to get the money
A diggy diggy don't forget he'll break a law, seen
Ain't a damn thing funny bout a nigga named Sonny
But the brother's about to get naughty
You might also like	The brother's about to get naughty! (4X)

Starin and tearin in my direction
Selection is vexin, I brought protection
Suspicious, frisk us, ? has to diss us
Scoldin and holdin me 'gainst my wishes
Searchin my ride, my body, my soul
Tryin to find some kind of substance control
Maybe someone is carryin a gun
No, nothing, no one has none
Gloomy and sorry when I come clean
Yo officer, what does this mean?
My system is loud and I draw a crowd
Not only King, I'm black and I'm proud
This ride is mine, do you mind if I own
So stop tryin to rob mines and leave me alone
The officer said I saw you before
Comin out the door of a grocery store
I said to my partner there goes a man
And he's got a trouble starter, inside his hand
My man Eric Blam said stop on the cops
And then what the Blam said, you're sure to get shot
Now they ignore me cause you saw me with a 40
He thought the brothers were about to get naughty
	The brother's about to get naughty! (4X)

How ya livin on the ill side, makin a livin
Driven, never givin a damn about the women and
If this is life, your wife, you're livin trife
For spite you hit the pipe every night and just fight
You're naughty, make a girl get physical
She get loose for juice and then you diss her
Pull and take another girl on a escapade
A trip around the world a what a mess you made
Another lady, gravy, maybe you're crazy
You see ? ?? today, you don't faze me
But gettin kinda hectic on the power tip
A brother gotta pay no matter how it get
Face the facts, base the crack
Taste the stacks last, and these suckers are back
So when you see the company that claim to be
The truth you done get raw, see
Check out the three, Run-D.M.C
And the brothers about to get naughty!
	The brother's about to get naughty! (4X)

Open up the door and let the brothers in
Cause it's a sin, if we ain't down, on what's happenin
Yo what's up, you don't like the way I walk
Or I guess it's, just the way I talk or are you prejudiced
Invited to the show, threw on my afro
Jumped out the limo, get to the front, you tell me no
Yo I just came to mingle, watch the earrings jingle
Grab a cutie rub-a-dub 'til it tingle
But you wanna single me out, but I ain't did that
Check me, I ain't strapped, pull the barricade back
I'm comin in black, I know you're hard dick
Six foot bodyguard, but why should I be barred
Yo, yo, pass the 40
Cool T, Hurricane, Run and D's about to get naughty..
	The brother's about to get naughty! (4X)Embed
In your face, all the time
All in your face when I'm kickin my rhyme
All these faces in front of me
Face to face with Run-D.M.C...

Knuckleheads in my face for a second
But I move the crowd, and I reckon
That a sucker might jump and try to bait
So kill that noise and get out my FACE (punk)
And let a real MC collect dollars
The true crew and few come from Hollis, Queens
And by all means necessary
My vocabulary is very extensive, and expensive
So hard it'll put you in intensive care
Proceed with caution
Often suckers get lost in the sauce when
Faces just start speakin on faces
And leavin traces, other races be mocked
And it sparks a fight, day and night
Dark and light - different types of faces

Faces, faces
And everywhere you go you see..
Yeah yeah yeah
You might also likeBreak!  As we come back on..
As we come back on..
All in your face, I place this rhyme!
Facin this crew, you're facin your doom
You got punched in the face
As soon as you heard this tune!
I race at a pace with no shoelaces
To racist faces, placin disgraces
Taste the bass of the racial facial
Disgraceful tasteless racist faces
Get out my face, don't bass, don't waste my time
My brother, I'm not color blind
I walk the face of the Earth, face death
Face the best and I'll just
Rip flip and trip won't shut up or let up
Get out my face so we can go head up
(Damn D!) Yo yo yo they don't understand me
?? when they always try to ban me
Hypin the stereotype of a face
And that's the problem with the human race
Haste makes waste, don't trace to other places
We're all the same but with different faces
..
Yeah D, and everywhere I go I see faces
Faces sweatin you and they sweatin faces
Around around the world, international faces
Yeah, now bust it
Yo, I took a look in the face of a girlie
The way she looks that Jay must say
Somethin bout the way my afro is growin
But is it funky? (YEAH!) Well okay
Is she jockin my 'fro or my fade?
Do she want me because of my name?
I like the ladies, sweet and serious
Not those hoes, that plays, the game
On every Tom Dick and Harry
Shawn Jerry John Nick Curly Moe and Larry
You thinkin you married?  Well you CRAZY
My baby you won't carry
Cause I like a girl that's low-key
That's how it's gotta be to be with me
And I'll take her to all the exotic places
The name of this jam is called FACES
Yeah.. so many faces..
And everywhere I go I see faces
And everywhere you go you see, the faces
International faces, I'm a Afro and I'm outta here..
Embed
	Alright man let's go to Poppa Ken's, get some 40-dogs man
	Aiyyo man pull over! {*tires squeal*}
	What for? {*car door*}
	I gotta take a piss man

I got to pee I got to pee upon a tree, right
I got to pee I got to pee upon a tree..
I pee upon a tree because I drink too much Olde E
And not time, for pee, to come out, on me, so I
I go and pee I go and pee upon a tree, right
I go and pee I go and pee upon a tree.. (buk buk buk)
The people walk by and say, "Aiyy D.M.C.!"
"No no, no no, yo bro it is not me." right?
I got to pee I got to pee upon a tree, right
I got to pee I got to pee upon a tree..You might also likeEmbed
These are the words that I wrote so I hope that ya don't man
I'll never joke about the coke that you're smok-in
Understand you're fuckin up, fuckin up the block
Got shot rocked and that's just where the shit stops
..
What's the meaning of this? I must be dreaming
Everybody's ?? when I see men dealing
For a rhyme or rope, or a dime of coke
Sometimes I rhyme when I'm crying broke
Many many many records broke laws, broke jaws
A few months ago I had to "Pause"
During that time, me and my man
Was chilling on the corner with a quart in our hands
A beef broke out, at Soul Kitchen spot
It was crazy Baby Pop, someone got shot
I seen him drop - then came the cops
Sayin, "Nobody run - everybody stop"
I wanted to run, cause I was carryin my gun
Darryl Mack packin mine, strapped with my nine
Everyone on the wall, that's what the cop said
Everyone complied, except Bald Dread, he said
"Blood claat boi me nah hafa deal wit dat
Yo I'm a superstar for de world dem call 'I'm Darryl Mack"
I turned around and said, "Word up cop!"
He said, "D.M.C., take your ass down the block"
If it happened to him, it could happen to you
Cause that's what's happenin on The Avenue
When I.. "uhh, uhh uhh, uhh.. uhh.."
"Na-na-na-na-na! The Ave."
You might also like
Now on The Ave. (what?) people steal and they dealin away
I got the feelin the illin will never ever pay
Cause on the street, you're never in the fast lane
You go to jail or get a bullet in your brain
People laugh and smile at a stick-up
A young man in a rut, shakin a big cup
People pass his ass and say, "Tough luck"
To waste time for a dime is cold fucked up
A loud shot in the air - not rare
A brother fell to the ground, nobody cares
You ask why, the baby cry, a man laugh
Nobody give a damn, that's how they livin on The Ave
... AUUUGH!

Away from The Ave. they have what's called the backstreets
Another world of girls that crawl the backseats
Systems that are kickin, sinkin many black beats
(This and that goin on ??? street)
I remember the time there was a jam in ???
??, the music, no ?? til after dark
That's when the shit starts happening
(Brother from The Ave. this and that again)
Body move in the back and a quarter in the jar
Find the rules by the basketball court in the park
And the ? by the bench where the 40 dogs spark
The crowd crowds around like they found Noah's Ark
The young, hung, and swung on a swing
Glidin and slidin and ride the ding-a-ling
I didn't see a kid by the see, so he saw
(Near the monkey bars, funky cars we adore)
I'm throwin fate to the gate ?? ??
(And my man from Japan got vicked for sure)
Do me a favor when you roll with your crew
You gotta check out, check out, The AvenueEmbed
And you say..
As we go, with the rhyme flow
Just to let you know, Darryl and Joe
Featuring DJ Jam Master Jay
All the motherfuckin way
One time, just to blow your mind
And this is how we do it, just for the people
Sucker D.J.'s are really crazy clowns
Clowns - cold clockin clowns
When will they learn that they had ? by the pounds
Pounds - cold clockin pounds
Sucker D.J.'s bite our lines up all damn day
All - all damn day
Sucker D.J.'s that's on Jam Master Jay
Uhh ahh ahh uhh ahh ahh
Jam Master.. aiyyo..
The crew is here with you, a check it out y'all
Jam Master.. ah tell me
What the fuck you gonna do?You might also likeEmbed
One two, one two, and I say
I go by the name of Jam Master Jay
And the Hollis Crew, we here to stay believe that

Hey, as we let the music play
Pay attention and listen as I mention
A recital of mic to speeches
From the book of the 40 Ounces
Of the most powerful words ever spoken

Topsy-turvy, they try to serve me
Disturb me, curve me, boy they never heard me
Slammin, jammin, I be bammin
Makin takin breakin and rammin
Run got a beef with those that cold think that
Sun and the moon and soon you will drink that
Wine for the rhyme that I'm, not a stink brat
Run havin fun my son, just where the ink's at
Up on the top I pop and drop, you feel
So low you go for Joe you know, what the deal
I might just strike tonight, and make you say
(Run ran the place with bass and bust boo-tay)
Go check the clock I rock your jock so hard
Make you feel the deal is I'm top card
Come in my face and bass and I might just
And it's not n-n-not, n-n-not JUST ANOTHER GROOVE
You might also like	Not just another..

Ah yeah, one two one two Jam Master Jay
Hollis Crew here to stay, AUGGHH!
Afros, 40 Ounce Crew in effect, word up
Bout to break ya neck with another groove
Kick it D

Check out the lyric, hear it, cheer it, fear it
So loud and clear that you can't come near it
Words are heard, I never speak the weak
You pissed me off, now I'm takin a leak
I kill at will, thrill, top bill
I'm makin a mill, and damn I'm still
Makin history on the M-I-C
And for the young ladies, a nigga like D'll
Be waxin taxin no relaxin breakin backs
And bustin raps and I'll be strapped
In my Cadillac, and you know that for a fact
I'm strapped with rap but yo, I'm also
Record breakin never flakin wide awake
And titles I'm takin and I'll be makin
Ladies groove cause I prove I can soothe when they
OOOOOH, this one's called - NOT JUST ANOTHER GROOVE
	Not just another..
	Not just another..
(Not just another one, not just another one)

Deliverin, I'll deliver and give ya
Whatcha been waitin (one two three) for/four
This, is the gift of the gab
That I had when I came out the lab
The masterpiece was released
Let's cease the beef and all those misbeliefs
That we can't do our thing on a positive tip
I'm tryin to tell ya
It's been a long time -- we need a change
Time for things to be rearranged
Time to get our act together
Whoever's clever or better - never let
Another brother or sister get dissed cause they missed the
Knowledge and wisdom and damn I wish ya
Get with the Stop the Violence move
Won'tcha hear me say peace, and it's not just another groove

Yeah Jay I just wanna say whassup to the brothers and sisters out there
(Yeah.. it's not just another groove)
{*ad libs to the end of "Stop the Violence" + more*}Embed
It's party time, and we came here to party
So get up and move your body, cause it's party time
It's party time, and we came here to party
So get up and move your body, cause it's party time

Come inside, the time is fine and I'm
Really ready to drop a heavy bassline
On the crowd that's loud and proud the rhyme
Is mine and the jam of party time
We're well equipped to flip and trip you out
I never slip but I rip the jam no doubt
So grab a girl ?? I know you wanna play
The funky jam I never quit until the break of day
Here we go on a Afrolistic journey
Here come the jam but don't forget to bring ??
To make sure the beat is upheld
The beat is raw and Run's banged it well
To make it take you to your destination
It's just the jam that slam across the nation
I gotta rock, you know I gotta good rhyme
So grab a girl, and listen to the good times
Now sweat til you're wet and get done
And I'll bet you get some..
Heat to release the piece to have fun
So just grab a girl, cause it's party time
You might also likeChorus

Groove, breathe, wind blowin the leaves
I'm at ease, can you feel the funky sensation
I might take a vacation
On the seven seasons
Reasons to be cheerful, sun shinin, Run rhymin
I'm right behind him
Jay, you know where to find him
Shinin like a diamond, if I'm lyin I'm dyin
{girrrrrrrrrrrls, drive me crazy}
So fine, goin out of my mind
I keep em goin, they sayin, I've got the rhyme
Ooze, cruise, gonna take a cruise
Jing-a-ling-a-ling-a-ling I'm never singin the blues
Afros, studios, doin shows
Four-O's I suppose, no one knows
Who's rockin the hoes, tell me that
You gotta be (funky)
Chorus

Now let your body be free
And yeah, go you know
Never slow the flow til it's time to go
Cause that ain't the way you play the crowd
You gotta mingle, single girls allowed
So round em up, get a cutie in the spot
Look at the booty, do me, time to rock
And make all the girls give up the play
Get on the floor and make your day
So you're illin, still it's four o'clock
You won't leave til you see em close the spot
You gotta stay til they play the last song
Til the night gives light to the early morn'
Check the place and the taste of the bass is on the case
A negative thought that you brought just erased
Put away the nine and keep in mind
That the jam'll slam when it's party time
Chorus (*repeat with ad libs to fade*)Embed
Let's begin, to talk!!

1990, and this is what's going on
To the break of dawn
24/7, Run-D.M.C. in effect
Fast-forwarding
All those weak-rhyming, rewinding MC's
	That need to pause
	My word is born

Yeah, speaking on truth
From the old school on down to the youth
Since the days, that I was the age of
"Three"; stop - listen to me
This is how it used to be - Go!
Stand on the ? line, why?
You did a crime now the time is mine
To school you and your crew, why?
Using my brother
Stop - selling and killing one another
Take some time, to see what's missin'
Brothers in the ? like you, we on a mission
Thinking back from the sale you made
And back home, a grave is what your brother paid
His life, 'cause of a system
Now you think you're down, you cold dissed him
Shut up, cause I'm fed up, with this culture
I'm flying high in the sky, a big vulture
Waiting and debating, to see who's next
For "brothers and sisters" of the opposite sex
So hold on, keep it intact
And go on, flow on, positive black
B-boys be black be proud, right on
"Come on! You know I'm proud to" be black
And my word is born
My word is born
My word is born
My word is born
You might also like
Let's, let's..
Let's begin to talk truth -- it seems
That y'all make a bang out of things that are small
We all play the same game for fame to claim
?? bright lights and write your name
They'll soup you up, til you think you're large
Got a spot on tour, but I'm still in charge
A big gig, a shindig, don't renege
Bust a rap like a cap like a snap of twig
That extends from the hands of a branch on a tree
Like you new jack rappers, run from me
I got proof of truth, I cut and go raw
(Word em up D.!)  My word is born
{*cuts by Jay and samples to the last ten seconds*}

1990's
And ain't nothing changed, punk!Embed

Come on stand up, still-a, a nigga that's gettin iller
If you're weak and/or you're sleepin
(then what?) you get the cap I peel up
And til-I, I kill a sucker duck dope dealer
Sold to my brother but the ghetto stands stiller
Still-a, standin, commandin and demandin
From the get-go got the ghetto get a medal cause it's standin
I'm makin a buck, they takin a buck, the tax that attacks the world
A system built to diss em (who?) the boys (who) and the girls
They starvin, we're starvin, keepin a nine to five an'
Try to hold us down, keep us out but we be risin
Risin, risin, risin like the cream
Stiggidy stiggidy stiggidy still, stiggidy standin for the team
Chorus One: Run-D.M.C. (repeat 2X)
We put three in the head
And the little one said roll over, roll over
"Do or die!"

I run amok upon the sucker duck punks that I'm steppin on
The one you're bettin on; you're lucky like a leprechaun
I turn my weapon on my record on, I kept it on
Mic checkin and I'm wreckin and I'm checkin on
So check it check it out, I'm gonna rock the house
Without a doubta I'mma shout about to turn it out
So take a step BACK, I gotta wreck TRACK
I got a rep for breakin necks, I get respect black
(Damn damn!) Darryl Mack, you're all of that
They pray they can save the crazy rat
They attack to mack to move him off the map
Could never tell I fell, to hell and back
It's beautiful -- the mic makes hits
To the dirty, stinkin, son of a.... (auuuuuuhh)
I'm mad and bad and sad and highly upset
So don't do nothin that you might regret
Cause I'll stomp that ass, like a little insect (c'mon)
Clean off my kicks (c'mon) clean off my kicks (c'mon)
Clean off my kicks and then STEP!
(stiggidy-stick, step!)
You might also likeChorus One
Chorus Two: Run-D.M.C
So they all rolled over and one fell out
We put two in the head
And the little one said, roll over, roll over!
"Do or die!"
We put two in the head
And the little one said..

Now c'mon step to me do me pursue me you never knew me
You'll be sleepin and you slept on the step
And now your crew be sweatin me like you're sweatin the sweat
Another groupie dissin D, now you're back on the set
I'm makin em takin em breakin em all
Diss em one by one
You make the mistake of thinkin I'm soft
Thinkin Run ain't the one
From eighty-three and they be seein me and D and they front
?? the suckers from the ruckus that's about to become
Reel it back, come REWIND it's about that time
Feelin wack, ate the swine it's about that swine
In your body couldn't keep up at the end of the set
Bet ya beat ya that I teach ya and you're stuck until death
(That's what I'm sayin)
Chorus One
Chorus Three: Run-D.M.C
We put two in the head
And the little one said
We put one in the head
And the little one said, roll over, roll over!
"Do or die!"
{​​*Jam Master Jay cuts*}​​
"Do or die!"
"Do or die!"
"Do.. or die!"
"Do or die!" "Do.."
"Do or die!"
"Do or die!"
"Do or die!"
"Do or die!" ..1Embed
AFROS!  Yeahhh
Brothers be out there doin crack... NOOOOOOO
They be doin dope... NOOOOOOO
They be gangbangin!  NOOOOOOO
All them brothers need to just
Pause
Yeah I'm with that
Here comes the Afros, and the forty ounce crew
Who say slowly but surely, we gonna turn the mother out
We got more, in store, young ladies on the floor, so cool out
Pause
Intro, which means I start it
In other words, herbs departed
Pause, stop for the cause
Get up, get down, you get yours
Chill, no time to get ill
Word to herb -- yeah it's the will of God
So whassup Hobbes?
Just jock, clock, rock, and don't stop but
Pause
Pause, pause for the cause, get yours
But don't break laws
Quit, quit it, forget it
Pause, say your way with it
Pause, if you did it, admit it
Cause, you shouldn'ta did it
Next time, you think of doin a crime
Pause, and remember this rhyme
You might also likePause for the cause, cause broken laws
Are just like broken jaws
They take a long time to heal
I'm for real, and I know the deal
Look it over, investigate
Evaluate, think!
Life is wrong, and full of flaws
Before you break laws just pause!
I think that worked man (4X)
Pause
Yeah pause, this beat is dope D
I'm tellin you, this beat is dope, just slammin, it's dope
Well if it's dope, I hope it's not crack
Or coke, or nuttin like somethin you EVER smoke
And if they offer you some say NO
Or pause
The reason I wrote this rhyme, is not to climb
But just to tell all mankind
That the use and abuse of drugs -- will what?
Will, blow, your, mind
Like dough makes bread, it goes straight to your head
You're misled and then you're dead
Now that's not fly, when you die
On a high
Like a trip, oooh, you make me sick
Ill, lookin like doo doo on a stick
You don't have to be a vic
Life is like a flick, so pause
Pause, p-pause, pause, p-p-pause
Alright y'all, now that you understand
My man Run never ran
I'm gonna take this mic yo my hand
And hand this to the one man band
Now pause, now pause
I'm Jay, I make up the trey
Now check out the dance that I display
It's called the pause
A new thing, on the dancefloor
First you move, then you stop
Combine the hustle, foxtrot, pop and lock
Put em all together why because
It's called the pause
Slammin, the dance is slammin
Pause, the people are jammin
Stop again, back to the groove
I show you how to move
Pause
It's simple, just like stop and go
You can pause on the fast or slow
Participate, won't you all get down
Here's a solo from my homeboy Stanley Brown
Ahh yeah, I like this R&B shit...
Pause, pause, one more time!
Yeah, do that, do that...
Now pause!Embed
For the past, decade..
And the last, ten years..
Many reps were made..
Many debts were paid!
Some CREWS, paid DUES..
Others REFUSED, to LOSE..
And that's ALLLLLLLLLLLLL, the NEWS!You might also likeEmbed
Can I get this?
Now DJ Run I run amuck and run to hit this
"Hit it Run!" My name is Joe I need ho
Can I get a witness (HOE!)
And when I come you're lookin dumb
You say who did this (DID THIS) did this (DID THIS)
Face you're lookin dumb on, hum could you HUM ON
Beats are droppin now and what and why and when and how
Drop it come on, come on, I got some on, my TIP
Get me up and goin for the vickie vickie VICK
Beefin through your teeth and what you see is what you GET
Suckers what you lack is what you lickie lickie LICK
Now off into esophagus that be coughin out a rhyme
Now some are dumb make fun of dem but Run and dem be kind
So come on, come on, got you swingin on my BO
Suckers seek my facial but you see I lay you LOW
I flow (FLOW) you know (KNOW) a pro (PRO) and so (SO)
Let me get a ho on the down-low "God damn!!"
Ah can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)
Now can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)
Can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)
Now can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)

It's like that y'all (THAT Y'ALL)
It's like that y'all (THAT Y'ALL)
My name is Darryl Mac and I'm fat y'all (FAT Y'ALL)
Back one more time  here to get mine 
Fresh in the flesh with the hardcore rhymes (RHYMES)
Me, D.M.C. (Cee) the only MC (cee)
Rock shock the house and I'm still cock-dee (DEE)
Brothers know my style (STYLE) D. Mac buckwild (WILD)
You wonder where I've been? I've been gone for a while (WHILE)
Back to attack  the wick-wick-wack (WACK)
Me Darryl Mac  suckers on my BOZACK
Down with Run  so don't act stunned 
Run-D.M.C., shootin like a SHOTGUN (BOOM!)
In effect, cause I'm still rulin
"I'm the KIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIING," and I'm still coolin
You might also likeNow can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)
C-can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)
Now can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)
Now can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)

My name is Jay, the Jam Master, gettin loose
2Pac had some, but now I got the _Juice_
I'm gettin stupid, you wonder why I'm ill?
Cause I've been around, and still got these skills
* Jay cuts "one one one" * two mic check gettin wreck
A real street nigga, so yo show respect
I make you wanna JUMP JUMP around wicked
Run-D.M.C., and Jam Master kickin it
With the flow that's slow cause I'm good to go
Still rock a show, gettin dough, and aiyyo (aiyyo)
Straight from Hollis, Queens, yeah you heard me
"Jayyyyyyyyyyyyyyy!" Peace, arreviderci
Now can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)
Now can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)
Now can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)
Now can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)
Now can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)
Now can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)
Now can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)
Now can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)
Still the King of Rock, ho around the tick-tock
Rappers sweatin Joseph Simmons, ever since I dropped _Rock Box_
Multiplatinum, waxin em while I'm maxin em
"Who's House?" God's House, so chill while I'm taxin em

Rappers poppin mad smack, about the King of Rap
Ten million sold, SEVEN DIGIT CONTRACT

JMJ, gettin busy on the crossfader
Beats hardcore, diesel like the Schwarzeneggar
 Respect the black crown
 Sounds underground
 Any stage they built
 Run tore it down!
Now can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)
Now can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)
Now can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)
Now can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)
Now can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)
Now can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)
Now can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)
Now can I get it yo? (Yeah, you got it yo)
* Jam Master Jay cuts "God damn!"Embed
 Yes y'all, and I am..
The grand, imperial wizard.. D.M.C..
And you're listening to the sounds..
As we take you onnnnnn down..
To the lasssssssssssst STOP!
 (repeat 4X)
Come on everybody, let's all get down

K-k-k-coolin (coolin) relaxin and we're coolin
Rulin while we're schoolin, taught the teacher, who ya foolin?
While in, trainin, your brain and foe are entranced
I talk to tiny tots and just like Watson, "Elementary"
Back in eighty-two and three I made the word 'DEF'
Gave life to the mic now you know liggity-left
Riggity-right (RIGHT, all that, swinger)
You was crappin in your Pampers now don't tamper with the king
Baddest of the bad, I think of thickness here I come
I get dumb (diddy) dumb (diddy diddy) dumb dumb
(and here we go) Here we go! HERE WE HERE WE HERE WE GO
A lot (of niggas) bitin (off my) old style flow
But up off the subject, you know I shut em down an'
I think I seen em sinkin matter fact I seen em drownin
(Yo who kicks the flavor?) DJ Run'll keep you guessin
Here's a little tip, it's the Tribe for your Quest'n
Two-seven and I'm representin, comin from HOLLIS
Queens is what I mean, Ma Dukes is cookin COLLARDS
Feelin like , and matched up sticks
Down With the King, and we swing it on the mix
Of a funky funky (new new) b-boy sound
So come on everybody let's all get down
You might also like

Break backs, make tracks, take acts and wax a nigga
That lacks take gats tap at the trigga
D.M.C. you see I got a little bigga
Jam Master Jay a with the zigga-zigga
Produce, bamboost, let loose the sound
No groups or troops could boo me down
I slam and jam, command the land
Don't give a damn they ban, my band will stand
I come to you all knew my crew is true
Do what I do, I do since eighty-two
I got the rhyme, get mine, I got to climb
I won't retire, get higher, I won't resign
I'm here to stay okay won't fade away
I'm movin past the past I last all day
So here we go, I flow, you know the sound
So check the show, and yo, let's all get down

.. yes yes y'all, a we don't stop (8X)

So come on and flip for me, grip and slip into a hipper tone
Not on the dull your skull, cause Run'll rip a dope
Snare on the tear, rare you never heard this
This service served you well and I can tell you're gettin nervous
Run, here it come, get some, it's on the diddy-dumb
See a silly soft sucker done up by another Run
Rowdy then you're audi gotta go don't want to be us
Torn then you're gone, WORD BOND, none can see us
Hop-along on your way, skip-along little Skippy
'fore I fly that box, me bust you all upper-lippy
 2X

Tribe Called Quest, and you don't stop
The Midnight Marauders, yeah you don't stop
Phife Diggidy, yeah you don't stop
Ali Shaheed, c'mon you don't stop
Big Lightro, yeah you don't stop
Check it on out, because you don't stop
To my niggas out on Linden, you don't stop
The hardheads in effect, you don't stop
And to my niggas in Hollis, you don't stop
All the kids up on Farmers, you don't stop
And to my peoples uptown, you don't stop
And all my peoples up in Brooklyn, you don't stop
And all my peoples in the Bronx, you don't stop
Zulu in effect, you don't stop
And to my people out West, you don't stop
A Run-D.M.C., gettin mad props
Check it on out, thanks to Run
And thanks to D, and JMJ
We on the way, up to the top
Never ever stop, gettin mad props, check it out

"Then I'm out like shout, ooh-ahh, ooh-ahh
OOH-AHH, OOH-AHH! There it is Baby Pah.."Embed
("check this out")
One little, two little, three little indians!
("ahh yeah!")

Hittin hard, now check the hard hit
("Jam Master.. Jay") about to flip
Slide for a minute but I won't slip son
God had my back since ("day.. one")
Back to the track in fact the track's fat
Peace to my brothers and my sisters in black
Disrespect and don't know how to act
You better come correct or I'mma have to bust your hat
One little, two little indians and me
Jam Master Jay and Run-D.M.C
We been down since (UHH) eighty-("three")
And ninety-three ain't nuttin but another year to me
Cause I flip the scripts, grab hips, give tips
And bust lips, ?? goes the whole length
So get it, get with it, that did it
And if you is a critic get the dick, cause it's
One little, two little, three little indians!
Word up..
One little, two little, three little indians!
(uh-huh, uh-huh)
One little, two little, three little indians!
("check this out")
One little, two little, three little indians!
("ahh yeah!")
You might also like
I write rhymes I got rhythm I continue to flow
Recitin lines full of wisdom make decisions with Joe
Tonight I'm gettin busy won't you give me my dough
Night time strictly busy for the kids at the show
That's my hobby kemosabe I be tearin up streets
And the posse gots to have me in the Cherokee Jeeps
I'm attackin like Apache boy don't have a cow
Just give me matches for the flames because it's time to pow-wow
All the suckers run for cover all the others discover
One two little three little indian brothers!
One little, two little, three little indians!
("check this out")
One little, two little, three little indians!
("one, one, one, huh-hah!")
Here we go (7X)

Begin it, bust it
DJ, Run and, D.M.C.'n
JM, J'n how ya livin in ninety-three
Cause we be three little indians, sleepin in a teepee an'
Keepin up a funky fat philosophy cause we be
Re-arrangin, changin, isn't it, different
Told ya bout retirement, definitely infinite
Flavor, gave up, +Hype+ to Public Enemy
I like the mic I rock upon the pad and pen a friend to me
Hit ya with the truth I get to hit ya with the booth
Cause your troops deserve a king, proverb, hmmm!
Listen, listen to the beat inside your soul
Knowledge, wisdom is more precious, than gold
The indians, comin, DJ, Run and
Claimin back the land that the man, stole from him
It's bout, that time, for mine, come ?? and
Jay Joe and King who are we? Little indians
One little, two little, three little indians!
("check this out")
One little, two little, three little indians!
("one, one, one, huh-hah!")
One little, two little, three little indians!
("check this out")
One little, two little, three little indians!
("ahh yeah!")
"aight, auhh, check this out.."Embed
We get open! We get open!
We get open! We get open!
We get open! We get open!
We get open! We get open!

I seen you hoping and scoping I'm coping as I get you wide open
Dying and lying while you're crying and moping
Flipping and ripping money-gripping be groping
The baddest apparatus got the fad as I'm open
I never slip or fell, I raise up ?? well
I bash you in your bell, you got static in hell
And when you seen the fire you got jealous, you jeal'
So sucker just retire, you admire my skill
I'm never the type of guy to close the door in your face
I got you wide open, Run is running a race
Takin what's mine and what's left is a waste
Leaving them behind and all suckers on the chase
Got a dope track, coming real dope an'
I get legit, we get, I get..

We get open! We get open!
We get open! We get open!
We get open! We get open!
We get open! We get open!
We get open! We get open!
We get open! We get open!
We get open! We get open!
You might also like
Word up!
I freak the beat up, boom! Now bass up, pick the pace up
Jam Master blasting through the plaster cause I has ta
Hard rocks like to rock it, you can't stop it
?? Poll in ten years, I'ma walk away a prophet ??
You don't stop, I stop styles in the attic
Kick the fat flavor that you can't be mad at
?? what's the matter, more mix in granny's batter
Run-D.M.C.'s fatter, so kill the chit-chatter
Zigga zigga Jay, jigga jigga pump pump
Gettin bigger Babe Pah, figure nigga freak the funk
3 in the Head, ten yards to go
Blow up the spot for those that forgot
Stay stable as a navel, try an' rhyme rough and able
(With the Baldhead Kidz!) Word up, blow up the label
Boom boom boom, broke-in, got ya jok-in
Me, Run and D, we're getting open!

We get open! We get open!
We get open! We get open!
We get open! We get open!
We get open! We get open!
We get open! We get open!
We get open! We get open!
We get open! We get open!
We get open! We get open!
We get
Open the door, let me in
So my rhyme, can now begin
Forget the hit and all the (shit)
That you used to get with, because it's not legit
I rewrote the script, I flip the ship
I bust a lip, it's time to rip the mic I grip
Darryl McDan', use abuse
I bruise the crews, I refuse to lose
My composure, I will bulldoze ya
A froze enclosure, where no one knows ya
Who dat - who flew that head, well it's said
D put the head to bed and you're dead
Moms is crying, MCs is dying
I'm knockin gdown jaws with paws, like a lion
I wrote the dope quotes, now the punks is scoping
I knuckle up and punch and bust his fronts open

We get open! We get open!
We get open! We get open!
We get open! We get open!
We get open! We get open!

Word up, I'd like to thank G-O-D (man above)
Run-D.M.C. in the house (representin no question)
Onyx in the house (word up)
??Cha Skills?? on the wheels (word up)
Word up J-M-J ?? in the house
Randy D, get with me
We, we get, we, we get, we..
We get open! (32X)1Embed
Next.. next.. next..
Next y'all it's yes y'allest the tallest
Three the hardest from Hollis
If we didn't lock the blocks a lot of blocks'd be jobless, son
Run-D.M.C. and Jam Master Jay say, hey!
Come come and see the way we play Then that's your way day
In and out, sendin shouts out the mouth
If in doubt, chin em out, grill his mouth and send his snout South
I'm out - of course the force from up North
Ain't up for grabs yup whattup then it's up yours!
You see we ain't open up doors - that's BUSINESS
We knocked those things off the motherfunkin HINGES
Whoever said we fell off, I have no taste for it
We couldn't fall off a skateboard, don't WAIT for it
Cruise the city hard, tell your city we're in charge
Watch it gitty-God or you'll be head and titty scarred
This alliance by my mind and rhymes are more than shiny
So in the 90's watch your tiny heiny get grimy
Chorus: 
Hit 'em hard, catch him off his guard - what?
Hit 'em hard, catch him off his guard - what?
Hit 'em hard, hit 'em hit 'em hard - what?
Hit 'em hard, hit 'em hit 'em hard..
You might also like(D!)

The hard hitter, I come to cross a critter splitter
Gold digger, better get a babysitter
I'm Daddy, cruisin like a Caddy braggin
Rag rag em, bruise em in a paddywagon
Pull a magnum, point it and I spat it at him
Then I stab him, grab the mics and start to blab em
Like a dragon, the breath of death is goin off
I'm comin hard, I'm one with God I'm never soft
I'm a father, to all the kids I'm gettin rid of
Livin larger, I give it to the highest bidder
So ante up, and come on out your pockets punk
The punk rocker, is gonna lock ya in a trunk
I pull a pump, and bump you off into a dump
You hear a thump, because I had to stump a rump
From Hollis Ave., I'll have you on the boulevard
I pull your card, word to God you know I'm hittin hard
Chorus

Well as the mode explode (Run..) ?? when I'm layin one
Listen what I'm sayin (Run..) no playin are you obeyin Run
Bass is placed on the case (Run..) and it'll soon crash
Sound beatdown AUGGGHHHH! *explosion* Another boom bash
See me and first thing they'll be like cursin I'm rehearsin it
You're weak and you're wack and you'll be the second and I'm first in it
Comin at you hard with God we're never feelin odd
Tell me how you figure pull the trigger nigga gettin scarred
Troop without a care my dear, you never hear a fear
Standin in the corner my daughter, you wanna - call me
You wanna call me out, you wanna call me out
You wan' you wan' you wanna wanna call me out a with the
Trendy wear and your nappy hair
Never give a glare too rare you just stare
Prepare for your prayer, remember the tear
Cause Run'll beat ya, got to reach ya, ?? ??, and I'mma
Chorus 2XEmbed
Gun shots, gun shots, all you heard-a
What's up? What's up? What's the word up?
Press your luck or buck another sucker just ducked
Ooh, whatcha gonna do (4X)

A vain from my brain means I'm causin em pain
Comin rough with the stuff that's just a part of the game
The rhymes have been hard since the start of the jam
So I'mma pull my jammy out and I'mma murder the man
Bust a rap like a cap, put a hole in your soul
Take the trigger then you figured that I'm losin control
I go loco with the vocals, yo goes the chokehold
And I broke those pros with the dope flows
I slow rolls, NO I don't smoke those
Leave the blunts for the punks in front rows
I said mine, headline or deadline
You see redline, here comes your bedtime
I lay it down, lay it low
Now I'm off and runnin on some new rhyme flow
I flex break necks bust tecs mic checks son
Fill you full of lead and now get ready for the next one

Never let a punk get away with murder
Gun shots, gun shots, all you heard-a
What's up? What's up? What's the word up?
Press your luck or buck another sucker just ducked
Ooh, whatcha gonna do (4X)
You might also like
Now mic check and respect, come correct, and I can protect
You never knew (DJ who?) DJ Run'll wreck
Hard, God, may be dope you never knew me nope
Where you been your hand is sendin DOWN, can you really cope?
Forever makin and breakin it and cold wreckin it
As for my title it's vital, you're never TAKIN it
I throw a stand across the stage and you'll get BUCKED down
Like Kris-One said, I fly a head you better Duck Down
I sold good and then plenty like ? Charlie said
Like Mike I glove it you love it and now it's for my bread
It's goin down on the mound watch a nigga pitch
Bang your thang and hang your damn NECKS, now you gettin it
I see them go, and come, cause what they pumpin weak
And now I'm flippin the script and they can hardly speak
I buck a nut then run amuck all on a sucker COOL
Now whatcha gonna do? Whatcha gonna do?!

Never let a punk get away with murder
Gun shots, gun shots, all you heard-a
What's up? What's up? What's the word up?
Press your luck or buck another sucker just ducked
Ooh, whatcha gonna do (4X)
Never let a punk get away with murder
Gun shots, gun shots, all you heard-a
What's up? What's up? What's the word up?
Press your luck or buck another sucker just ducked
Ooh, whatcha gonna do (4X)
Never let a punk get away with murder
Gun shots, gun shots, all you heard-a
What's up? What's up? What's the word up?
Press your luck or buck another sucker just ducked..1Embed
 Yo whassup whassup whassup?
 Girls gone crazy for the 90's
 X amount of girls in the house
 You hear?
 MCX (I like it..) get mad!
A with a hip to the hop to the hip-hop reggae
W-w-w-w-w-w-w-watch dis!


I was walkin down Broadway the other day
In New York it was a bored day with my man Jay
Lots of lovely ladies like a-lookin our way
Play like Willie Mays all-star and 'Say Hey'
Then I seen a girl so beautiful I wanted to know
I said there's none as cute as you now which way you go?
Into my rap now won't you check out my flow
Darryl the Mack Attack come check out my show
Check out my records, I make my message clear
In this direction, where do we go from here?


Now bust it, seen I'm looker cleaner and leaner at the arena
Tina scheamin like a schemer so Tina, jump in my Beemer
So we did, so we jump in and jet
Put it in gear pull up ??, pop a pumpin cassette
I figured the girlie was ridin my jock, cause the way that she rocked
Knew my limit from the minute that she started to clock
I'm lovin her coverin her rubbin her down til she started to frown
I said yo lady bust it baby, where do I go now? So..
Check out my records, I make my message clear
In this direction, where do we go from here?
You might also like

Now bust it pen to the hand I am the grand writer
Wrote a plan for you ma'am and damn, beautiful
To make you move to my groove is here
So my dear be of good cheer I make it perfectly clear
Not number two you're the one when all is said and is done
Serious as the cancer give a answer to Run, so..
Check out my records, I make my message clear
In this direction, where do we go from here?


I kick the lyrics strictly wreckin the head
Not forgetten what is written, stickin to what is said
When D is MC'n there's no bein mislead
Got to have her and like Shabba I am wicked in bed (hehehehe)
The woman made me wonder, she's the one I will wed
So I turned to the ??, and a dis is what I said
I said give me your number I'mma give you a call
Check it out y'all, check it out y'all
Check out my records, I make my message clear
In this direction, where do we go from here?
Embed
 And this is, the hardcore raw
Lyrical law, never seen before
And I am, D.M.C..
And for all of y'all
This is the way, we reckless for rhymes

You got to save it for David and wave it if you think that I gave it
I never gave a damn about a critic so save it
I run amuk demanding my opinion you make it
The critic'll get the didick and if you got it then stay with it
You never knew me but you flew me to your town see
By kickin dollars straight to Hollis I'm off the ground B
I never heard of such where niggas stand and I fell
I'm doin years with this career like Patti La-Belle
And if I ever was to fall I fell upon ya
Like ?? I made my mind I come to con ya
I see females I tell them yo my word is bond huh
Like Terri Teresa Tammi Tawana Tarena and Tonya
I'm comin' hard I got your head and yeah the lock's on
I threw you up, why did your daddy ?? cock strong
I rock I wreck I rip a rhyme I ??
My rap is right I write a rip-and-ready rock song
You might also like
Call on the brother to come and get dumb
Until the def drum come as they come, when they come
I said I rip some, tearin' 'em up, a big up
A whattup? A nigga, a so what, yeah put your bricks up
I knock down the walls because I got to
The rock sound because I hip-hop new
Not the old, gold, from around the neck
And when I grab ahold you give me nuff respect
In a black BM, with my contact lens
When the track begins, I'm setting new rap trends
Lettin 'lyrics I lay down
You play loud I stay proud with Jay down you stay down
Get up on the truck song, the one you put your buck on
You're stuck on, you're luck on, you're sucked on
A lollipop Sucka
I snuck ya, I struck ya, you stupid mother..

I gotta come my name is Run and me and D we been appointed
I'm ever so clever you never touch the anointed
I'm born again, I got a friend the Lord I rearrange
But other than that I'm livin fat and ain't nuthin' changed
Big Willie still in your grilly, you better block son
I bust you up and then I blast you with my bop gun
A million times rhyme risin to the prime
While another nigga's cuts get bucks, like it's a dope rhyme
Be instead I'd rather leave another brother dead
'Cause yet another brother deaded from the slow dread
I'm makin' papers, brothers catchin' vapors
Try to lick shot, you get got, catch you later
This ain't The Cosby Show you know what it's like A Different World
We're livin inside a world where you get the cash, you hit the girl
So check the hypeness, I'm not livin like this
I'm the type of guy to bust your eye, you lose your whiteness
You comin butt when you wish upon a star
But I could never be butt, so yo, bust the guitar
.. *guitar and scratches* ..

Heads up my brother, here comes another
Word to the verb the urge to discover
A lover, you hover, you smother, my brother
You can't do nothin' other than take the record out the cover
You get the song at it's strong and random flow
You sing along cause the words you heard you know
Hostile the style that style is wild
The penile is where I goes and smile
Because I pop a lot, they try to lock me up
Because I rock the block, they try to stop me up
But I'm sly as a fox I can rocks
I got smarts when they starts tradin' shots they get dropped
I pull my card I pull my card I pull my card NOT
I use the rock to be hard, I'm a hard rock
You get a speedknot, and then you bleed a lot
You better read a lot because you really need a lot of
Information, and some education
Cause I'm replacin' what you hearin' on your station
Darryl is a Mack, Joe is in the Public
Jason leads the nation and I know you're gonna love it, JayEmbed
Can you kick it like I kick it when I kick this
Can I get a witness? (Yes you can!)

New jacks better back up, before they get smacked up
By the R-U-N-D-M-C (that's where it's at cuz)
Known as the tough cats, kickin tough rough raps
In jeans, leather jackets, my Adidas and gangster hats
A ?? ?? ??, yo here we go
I'm tired of brothers tryin to front like they don't hear me though
Knowin if it wasn't for me, they wouldn't be able
Cause I'm the man with the hand that rocked the cradle, uhh
A lot of punk for the chunk baby that's a bet
Album number seven and we still ain't finished yet
I didn't get old, I got better at the craft
Sat back and watched you try to kick it but you made us laugh
So get back, you already had your chance to dance
You proved you had no waist to fit in this man's pants
Word to God, I'm back fo' sho'
Hollis Queens gettin wreck so act like you know
Chorus

As I spit this and get this out of my throat
I need a witness to get with this - take notes
Great quotes like boats float flowin so dope
Never givin up hope, nope, know what I wrote
I'mma saver spectator educator entertainer
You wanna ask me, can't be now or later
I'm a rough rugged person, been that way from the start
Darryl Mack got the knack to put the H in heart
(And it ain't no fun, to step to D and Run
But if you wanna step up, step up and get that ass - done)
A reporter with recorder was recordin the slaughter
As I'm peepin 'cross the border leapin water keepin order
Lit it up like a spliff, get a whiff of this hit
Cause I flick em like bits, and I bust 'em like zits
Dippin down to grip this microphone I rip this
I'm glad not sad I flipped this, now can I get a witness
You might also likeChorus

Can I get a witness, can I hit a, never been ?? fitness
Don't play like I'm bitter, when you come with your best
And I make a suggestion save it David with your bull
Cause you're full of congestion
Soft? Never me, never get more hard
The King of Kings, Lord of Lords, is the one Lord God
Can I can I get a witness ?? ?? next
To my God, DJ Run and I kick it

Suckers suckers suckers
Suckers get flipped when I start to flip
Slip in a clip when they die I dip
Still spray a gun, see how DJ Run
Leave a sucker stunned, gettin ill to the drum
Mic check and I wreck and I'm second to none
Accept it don't regret it I expect to get dumb
So don't you forget this, we'll put you on the hitlist
To stick ya stick ya wicked wickedest can I get a witness
ChorusEmbed
Auggggggggggggh, auuuuuuugh
*repeats in background*

A to the maker, I dedicated my rap
For the creator, there's nothing greater than that..You might also likeEmbed
Tenement buildings, and skyscrapers

Are polluted and often invaded
With troubled hearts, and weakened minds
Living their lives and hoping to find
The golden key, to prosperity
Never have a grip on reality
This makes day to day living hard
Trumpin your fate, never peepin the card
You just goin through life without a trace
When the answers you seek are in front of your face
 You're blind! You're blind!
 Tell 'em D!

You're headed for the top, or so you think
But that's not true for you, your life is on the brink
Of self-destruction, total corruption
You better get out or die from consumption
Sweat for a dollar, to get nothin back
'Cause at the end of the week, you still get taxed
You'd even sell your soul to make your life correct
But with the rate of inflation you should eat your check
So you try to make a hustle, to get ahead
But the only thing you manage is to stay in the red
Coppin from John, to sell to Rex
And your jones for success has put your life in check
You might also like You're blind! You're blind!
 And you can't see
 You need to wear some glasses
 Like D.M.C
 You're blind!

So you think the facts means you can't win
So you devote your time to a life of sin

Hangin out late is how you survive
Makin deals, talkin jive, and tellin lies
Pressure beatin you down
 Like you're not handlin
 And all the while, your mind is ramblin
 About bein fly
 Or even sly
 And bein held low in the public eye
 You decide these things but you don't know why

You're standin on a corner cold playin the post
'Cause another sucker you were chillin the most
 You're blind! You're blind!
 Yo you can't see
 You need to wear some glasses
 Like D.M.C
 You're blind! You're blind!

You (run) 'round talkin bout what you hate
Livin your life just to perpetrate
You think your style is chill, because you're always cold
With your platform shoes and your fake gold
 So you think you're bad

Sheer dynamite
But if you only knew the crew called you freak's delight

Wearin the tightest jeans and shortest skirt
You think you're cold chillin, lookin like a jerk
No matter what you do, come out second rate

Thinkin you're on time but you're already late
You're blind
 You're blind! And you can't see
 You need to wear some glasses
 Like D.M.C
 You're blind!
 And you can't see
 You need to wear some glasses
 Like D.M.C
 You're blind!
 The moral to the story may not be clear
 And the only way to catch it is to lend an ear
 Stop frontin so hard
 Why don't you peep your card?

And your goals in life may not be far
Because these words I say are meant for you to hear
So if you bust these facts you will persevere
 You're blind! You're blind!
 And you can't see
 You need to wear some glasses
 Like D.M.C
 You're blind!
 And you can't see
 You need to wear some glasses
 Like D.M.C
 You're blind! You're blind!
 And you can't see
 You need to wear some glasses
 Like D.M.C
 You're blind! You're blind!
 And you can't see
 You need to wear some glasses
 Like D.M.C
 You're blind! You're blind!
 And you can't see
 You need to wear some glasses
 Like D.M.C
 You're blind! You're blind!
 And you can't see
 You need to wear some glasses
 Like D.M.CEmbed
If I eat, a little kid sticks his finger in my plate
I be signing autographs, for three months straight
I got jet-set women, who offer me favors
My face is a thousand lipstick flavors
Need a sip of lemonade, I'm a slave to my trade
From all these lights my complexion might fade
Secretary overworked, by a money-hungry jerk
Got a letter, answer woman, won't you freak out on my shirt?

Well can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
Can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
Huh!! *echoes*

Your ears are clogged, your head as hard as a log
My privacy robbed, let me do my job
You funny lookin slob eatin sis kebap
You're the reason why my eyes are on the doorknob

Can you rock it like this? I think I rock it like that
But can you rock it like this? Homeboy I rock it like that

I'm straining not complaining for a casual life
Something normal, nothin formal, three kids and a wife
I'm dying from the spying that you're putting me through
I perspire, I'm on fire when I'm thinking of you
You might also like
But can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
Well can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
Huh!! *echoes*
Can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
But can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
Huh!! *echoes*

News reporters, invade my borders
If I think it I will say it, you might have a recorder
And then, UHH-OHH, the nation's in upheaval
Old ladies always looking at me evil
You're stepping on my heels, you're breathing down my neck
I'm not Rodney Dangerfield, so give me respect

Can you rock it like this? I-I can rock it like that
But can you rock it like this? Homeboy I rock it like that
Can you rock it like this? Yo I can rock it like that
But can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
Hu-Huh-Huh!! *echoes*

What it all adds up to, is just one thing
Run-D.M.C is the king of the swing
And if you mess with us, you'll be a real short liver
You may be big, but our bodyguard's bigger *echoes*
Can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
Can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that *echoes*
Can you rock it like this? I can rock it like that
Can you rock it like this? Homeboy I rock it like that *echoes*1Embed
We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop
We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop
We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop
You know, we know, we know, we wreck shop
We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop (Yeah)
We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop (Yeah)
We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop (Yeah-Yeah)
You know, we know, we know, we wreck shop
(Uhhhhh)

I kick a wicked rhyme, what more can I tell ya
You're quick to pick and find a hardcore record seller
I paved the way for days, I'm a new wave yeller
For decades gettin' paid, comin' straight from the cellar
The paper was my trade so I stayed in the lab
Now the record's gettin' played on the tape that you have
I'm like a heavyweight with a great left jab
Keep it truck diesel for the sake of the ave
Never bring no witness cause I freak this with uniqueness
For the rap fan, black man talks decent
Prop me, jock me, rock but don't stop me
If a man's got belief then a man's got beef
Sometimes I get sore from the war of a tour
To wreck it down  to get the crowd to roar
The records get dropped and my lyrics get popped
Let me off next stop cause I'm flex to wreck shop now
You might also like
We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop (Yeah)
We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop
We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop (Yeah)
You know, we know, we know, we wreck shop know we wreck shop (Bust it)

I wreck shop, now pull your leg I beg your pardon
And rock a wicked rhyme like eighty-seven at the Garden
The hardest of the hard and I be harder for the hardened
 but the smartest broken artists by the carton
Livin' while I'm givin' 
Not hear to bust your bubble send your trouble down the drain
Hurry on the double cool and subtle that's our game
My crew came out the huddle and I know you'll feel the pain
We wreck shop, and I can see they always give in
Life is like a mic and that's exactly how I'm livin'
Ladies love the lover and the lover love the women
My name is DJ Run but you can call me Joseph Simmons and

We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop (Ha)
We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop (Yeah, ha)
We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop
You know, we know, we know, we wreck shop know we wreck shop (Yeah, yeah)
We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop (Yeah)
We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop
We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop
You know, we know, we know, we wreck shop know we wreck shop
Cop, you can't stop or drop, you shop wrecker
The mic checker, I take my pilgramage to Mecca
Jay with the records still a dose of double-decker
Me and Run'll come and have some fun, and we'll wreck a
Shop on down, to the last stop, ha
We're givin' rhythm to the Wisdoms on the block, ha
And ain't no business be a witness to the shot, ha
Stomp the competition, opposition seeks to
Confuse abuse and use all that I speak to
I bust a sucker, a nucca that I speak through
They keep pursuin' never doin' D.M.C. you
Get ready set up, I'm bout to go head up
You better shut up, you're gonna be a dead up
Bucked and stuck your butt broke and chopped
The East coast boast the most, we wreck shop now

We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop
We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop (Yeah)
We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop
You know, we know, we know, we wreck shop know we wreck shop (Yeah, yeah)
We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop
We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop
We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop
You know, we know, we know, we wreck shop know we wreck shop
We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop (Uh)
We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop (Ha)
We wreck shop, you know we wreck shop
You know, we know, we know, we wreck shop know we wreck shopEmbed
Back, back, back with the boom, so give a nigga room
Came with the fame with my name came a tune
The King of Rock, there is none higher
God ?? with Madonna not melodic like Mariah
Carey, when Larry put me in his Caddy I made my album
I rock the funky beat like Marky Mark be rockin Calvin
Klein's, no friend of mine, I told you Pryor
Richard, switch it all around now you admire
"My Adidas" was a hit in eighty-six it made me dollars
Stompin straight through Compton niggas there was screamin, "HOLLIS!"
Back to the top, you're bout to get dropped
Go for what you know or ride the bo' and get stopped
My man Darryl Mack, dressed in all black
I pass the mic to D (and D.M.C.'ll pass it back)
Rappers won't be dissin after this rap song
Cause they sing like Rodney King, "Can't we all just get along?"
Chorus

From a harder core, I'm kickin the raw
I wreck it on tour, I'm breakin your jaw
This is what Run-D.M.C.'ll be about y'all
I make the party people want to scream and shout y'all
I'm just a b-boy, so watch me destroy
You best believe in you're receivin D.M.C. boy
I used to explode, I never let go
I let the tec go back because I said so
Yeah I'm a hoodlum, but I'm a good one
So punks gunnin for my run I wish they would come
So back up, Mr. Softy cause you're not hard
You're never comin off because I got God
Just ?? ?? and get a beat down
Never weak kid, I come up with more street sounds
Rhymes galore and soarin 'cross the floor an'
Some more is pourin, knockin down your door an'
You might also likeChorus

C'mon and jump to the rhythm I give em is what I give em
When I get em I just hit em and split em
And when I split em lit em up like a bulb in the dark
I made you blink you figure out, cause I know you're the mark
I gotta lotta what I gotta, that'll be what I got
So step to me or D.M.C and it'll be in your heart
Now ease up back off the bo-zack, you know that you bite
You think you're doin me or D? Nigga please.. (what?)
ChorusEmbed
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam

He's a one-man band, in his own right
Jam Master jams to the broad daylight
No instruments needed, just two record players
A stage, a crowd, and two rhyme sayers

Ingredients are here, so have no fear
Definitely defy the position is clear

You couldn't be late, hesitate to debate
Jam Master is here and you could not wait
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam
{*half of guitar riff*}
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam
{*half of guitar riff + "WHOO!"*}
You might also like
Now he's the Jam Master, and we're the emcee's
Like lightning and thunder, we're knockin down trees
While sucker DJ's, are bustin out Z's
My man Jam Master's stretchin hard 'cross seas
So why don't you listen, or you'll be missin
The cuts and the scratchin, bass, treble, and the mixin
The force and the power comin hour after hour
So get up off the walls, don't you be a wallflower
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam
{*guitar riff + half of "WHOO!"*}
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam
{*guitar riff + half of "WHOO!"*}

The alert is red, this is what we said
The meaning of Master means he's ahead
The meaning of Jam is a recording
The records that he plays when the crowd's applauding
And when he comes on, the crowd goes off
It's all hard rock, there's nothing soft
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam
{*guitar riff + half of "WHOO!"*}
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam
{*guitar riff + half of "WHOO!"*}

He adds a little soul, to rock 'n' roll
Every record that he touches, turns to gold
He's well conducted, self-instructed
His style's worthwhile, heavenly constructed

Mechanically inclined, and if you don't mind

He adds spice to your life, time after time

I think it's bout time, to heed the long lecture

We rock our rhymes for the Jam Master
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam
{*guitar riff + half of "WHOO!"*}
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam
{*guitar riff + half of "WHOO!"*}
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam
{*guitar riff + half of "WHOO!"*}
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam
{*guitar riff + half of "WHOO!"*}
 + overlaps last scratch
His name Jam Master, call him Jay
The crowd goes wild when he starts to play
Everything is correct, and A.O.K
Jam Master's on the move but his sounds will stay
{*guitar riff + "WHOO!"*}
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam
{*half of guitar riff + "WHOO!"*}

From end to start, start to end
Not only does he scratch, but he's our friend
We could not wait, to let you see
 The things that he does for D and me
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam
{*guitar riff + "WHOO!"*}
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam
{*guitar riff + "WHOO!"*}
Couldn't wait to see, Jam Master jammin'
Couldn't wait to see, the Master jam
{*guitar riff to fade*}Embed
I'm the king of rock, there is none higher
Sucker MCs should call me sire
To burn my kingdom, you must use fire
I won't stop rockin' 'til I retire
Now we rock the party and come correct
Our cuts are on time and rhymes connect
Got the right to vote and will elect
And other rappers can't stand us but give us respect
They called us hip, we're gettin iller
There's no one chiller
It's not Michael Jackson and this is not Thriller
As one def rapper, I know I can hang
I'm Run from Run-DMC, like Kool from Kool and the Gang
Roll to the rock, rock to the roll
DMC stands for devastating mic control
You can't touch me with a ten-foot pole
And I even made the devil sell me his soul
Now we crash through walls, cut through floors
Bust through ceilings and knock down doors
And when we're on the tape, we're fresh out the box
You can hear our sound for blocks and blocks
For every living person we're a verbal treat
It's me and DMC, Jay where's the beat?
You might also likeNow we're the baddest of the bad, the coolest of the cool
I'm DMC, I rock and roll, I'm DJ Run, I rock and rule
It's not a Trick or Treat and it's not a April Fool
It's all brand new, never ever old school
You got the music in your body and you can't comprehend
When your mind won't wiggle and your knees won't bend
Music ain't nothin but a people's jam
It's DJ Run, DMC, rockin without a band
Now I walked on ice and never fell
I spent my time in a plush hotel
I stood on many stages, held many mics
Take airplane flights, at huge heights
So all you sucker MCs, you gotta say please
'Cause when he jumps high, I'm pulling down ree's
Got a song so strong, it's knocking down trees
Is it hard to believe it's Run-D.M.C.'s?
I am from, around the way
And Run goes to school, every day
And Jay plays the records he has to play
And we get down with no delay, HEY!
I rock the party with the words I speak
And Run says the rhymes that are unique
And Jay cuts the records every day of the week
And we are the crew that can never be meek
So don't try to diss me, try to be my friend
'Cause if you do, you'll get yours in the end
The rhymes we say shall set a trend
Because a devastating rap is what we send
Every jam we play, we break two needles
There's three of us but we're not the Beatles
My name is Darryl, you can call him D
You can call me Darryl Mack, or you can call him DMC
People always ask, "DMC, what does it mean?"
D's for never dirty, MC for mostly clean
Like we said before, we rock hardcore
I'm DJ Run, I can scratch, I'm DMC, I can draw
And now we got the knack  to attract
Our rhyme's an aphrodisiac
We'll reign on your brain and rock your knot
When it comes to rock, give it all we got
To be MCs, we got what it takes
Let the poppers pop and the breakers break
We're cool, cool cats, it's like that
That's the way it is, so stay the hell back
We're causin' hard times, for sucker MC's
'Cause they don't make no songs like these
PERIOD!2Embed
It's not funny when you buy a TV off the street
You take it home, plug it in, BAM, you got beat
It's not funny when you buy a house with all you got
And the day you go to see it it's a vacant lot
It's not funny!
It's not funny!
It's not funny when you come to work late
You have the key to the office and the boss had to wait
It's not funny makin money on a regular basis
And losing every dime betting on the race
It's not funny!
It's not funny!
It's not funny!
It's not funny when you have a show and thousands come
And your drummer brings the sticks but forgets his drums
It's not funny when you see three cars you like
And your pocket can only buy a three-speed bike
It's not funny!
It's not funny!
It's not funny when we got on the wrong plane
We wanted to go to L.A., but we were headed for Spain
It's not funny when you pull off an incredible caper
You thought you got over, next day you're in the paper
It's not funny!
It's not funny!
It's not funny!
You might also likeIt's not funny when you leave your house without an umbrella
Then it rains (hahahahaha) you're an unhappy fella
It's not funny!
It's not funny!
It's not funny! Haha...
It's not funny when you lie and said that you prayed
When the truth was revealed, you went to Hell anyway
It's not funny!
It's not funny!
It's not funny!
It's not funny!
It's...
It's not funny!
It's not funny!
It's...
It's not funny!Embed
And this is the way...
We rock the house!
Ha hah...
Ya don't...
Ya can't...
And I don't...
Ya don't stop!
D...M...C...
Huh...

I'm the King of Rock, there is none higher...
Sire!
To burn my kingdom, FIRE...
Re-TIRE...

Now we rock the party and come correct...
BREAK!
Now we crash through walls...
The CEILING!
 On the tape
 We're fresh out the box
You might also like
And this is the way...
We rock the house!
NOT...
Never.. ever...
Huh...
Ha hah...
Hah!
Yah...
Get it right boy...
 Sure shot...

And this is the way...
We rock the house!
And that's the way...yeah...
 Supreme...
Fever!
 Born to talk...
Take a walk...
 Back up...
 Step off!
Punk...frontin...
 Bad...
 B-Boys!…B-Girls!…
 Tough...
 City...??...ha hah, ha hah
*fades out*Embed
Not the best, not the worst, cause my name is Run
 And I'm second cause I wreck it, that you want to see
An emcee (like D) inside the place (to be)
  And have you heard that he is third and his name is Jay
 I'm Run the Ace
 D's the Deuce
 And Jay's the Tre'
{*Jam Master Jay cuts*}

I'm the rapper of the year and this the year of the rap
And I'm never drinkin beer, it's champagne at the tap
And I'm cold makin money on a regular basis
Pullin out, knockin sucker MC faces
Travel 'round the world with my mind at ease
No Calvin Klein, just wearin Lee's
Got credit in countries I've never been
Cause the records I write are in the top ten
The top of the chart is where I stay
But I also chill, around the way
In Hollis, Queeens, is where I stop
On the streets with the beats is where I walk

When I perform, many hearts I warm
I'm better known, as the Quiet Storm
I don't talk too much but I got beef
When I kill MCs, I cause grief
Devastating mic control is my main goal
My name is Darryl, and his name is (Joe)
The Master of music his name is Jay
Leave us alone, and let us play
We give it up, and turn it loose
We're not like Dr. Seuss or Mother Goose
Sucker MC's like punks who are picking flowers
Go for yours, WE WENT FOR OURS!
You might also like{*Jam Master Jay cuts*}
 Start at 3, end at 6
Jam Master Jay is on the mix
 For all the young ladies
 And all the chicks
 We got all of the girls
 On our tips
 Don't buy gold lighters
 Only Bic's
 Rock all microphones
 Just for kicks

Sucker MC's I will be snuffin
In my pocket I'll keep on stuffin
When I say I'll beat em up I won't be bluffin
They can't beef cause that ain't nothin
But it don't matter, my pocket gets (fatter)
I got more hats than the (Mad Hatter)

Well I'm the rapper with the mic, drive a Caddy not a bike
Drop a rhyme in your face, and you'll damn sure like
He's an MC with the rhyme know the day and the time
Never ever goin low, cause he only climb
(And Jay's the DJ with the) cut (move your arm) and your butt
So D take the mic, huh hah
Say what?  I will not stop, I will not quit
Because some at the top but I'm on the tip
That's as high on the top as you can get
And you best believe, I'll be on it
So before you decide, to try me out
I'm gonna let you all know what I'm all about
I'm a fresh MC, who's on his way
To be an MC with the most to say
And to all those out there, that don't know me
I go by the name of D. M. C
In the place to be, I will MC
The Master of the Ceremony 'cause it's easy to D
Control of the mic is so devastating
That all other rappers you will soon be hating
No matter what race, creed, or color
When we perform things don't (get duller!)
{*Jam Master Jay cuts for the rest of the song*}Embed
Rrrroots, rap, reggae!

...and we don't stop
It's like that y'all, and then we're ready to play
It's no jive, it's live, and it's reggae
Roots, rap...

My homeboy Jay, don't scratch reggae
So listen to Jam Master as the Master start to play
(And when he go) just check the show
('Cause they scratchin with the) toe
(and even his el)-bow! (HA!)
Rrrroots, rap, reggae!

Stomp your feet, clap your hand
At the microphone is King Yellowman
In Jamaica, I'm the champ-i-on
This is roots, rap, reggae! Ha ha ha, rip it
Roots, rap, reggae!
Hotta...'otta...'otta reggae music
'Otta...'otta...'otta reggae music
'Otta...'otta...'otta reggae music
I know we know that reggae is sweet
Reggae music is rap to de beat
Clap your hands an' stomp your feet
Roots, rap, reggae!
Roots, rap...
You might also like
Now party people I'm so happy, don't know what to do
'Cause I'm an MC with the rhyme, and down with the crew
Rock from Africa to France and the Kalamazoo
And every place that I play, I hear a 'yay' not a 'boo'
And now a party not a party and a jam ain't a jam
Less D is who he be, and I am who I am
Or Jay is just the DJ cuttin for the two
And it's the three of us, baby and we're doin the do

Five plus five, equal to ten
Everywhere I go I've got a lot of girlfriend
Music is sweet, music is nice
Yellow 'ave about twenty-four wife
It's roots, rap, reggae! Ha ha ha
Roots, rap, reggae!
Don't drink alco-'ol, don't snort cocaine
Reggae music is not so strange
Know de cocaine will 'urt up your brain
This is roots, rap, reggae! Ha HAH!
Roots, rap, reggae! AIIIIYY SIAH!
It's roots, rap, reggae!Embed
Let it flow, let yourself go
Slow and low, that is the tempo

Let it flow, let yourself go
Slow and low, that is the tempo

(It's never) old school, all brand new
So everybody catch, the boogaloo flu
It's not like a fever, not like a cold
The beats are clear, the rhymes are bold
So don't see a doctor, or see a nurse
Just listen to the music cause first things first

First of all, get off the wall
It's time to party, so have a ball
We slow it down, so get on up
Like a volcano, I'll erupt
I've got determination, bass and highs
I see real well cause I have four eyes
What you see (is what you get)
AND YOU AIN'T SEEN, NOTHING YET
You might also like

I do not sing, but I'll make a song
You'll love your whole life, and I hope you live long
On the Gong Show, I won't get gonged
It's Run-D.M.C., not Cheech & Chong

Strong as an ox, threat out the box
The crowd so loud, they comin in flocks
And when we come on, the crowd goes off
It's all hard rock there's nothing soft (so)


We won't only rock the house, but we'll house the rock
We won't stroll but we'll roll straight to the top
We're Run-D.M.C., and Jay makes three

The baddest b-boys in his-to-ry

When I record it, you'll be rewarded
You know my song is great cause y'all all applaud it
Not P-C-P, or L-S-D
Just D.M.C. in the place to be

There's nothing free, you must pay a fee
Cash on delivery like a C.O.D


A liggy liggy liggy liggy liggy


Let, let, let, let1Embed
Ayo, Jay, yo, Jay, check this out

I was born son of Byford, brother of Al
Bannah's my mama and Run's my pal
It's McDaniels, not McDonald's
These rhymes are Darryl's, those burgers are Ronald's
I ran down my family tree
My mother, my father, my brother and D, huh

Oh, y'all on that tip now, huh?You might also like1Embed
Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb-dumb, dumb
Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb-dumb, dumb

Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb-dumb, dumb
Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb

I seen you jockin' J.C. 'cause he got a Mercedes
And you know about his ladies and all his babies
You just wanna ride and get inside
And run around town like Bonnie and Clyde
But, see, the moves you're makin', the route you're takin'
Will lead to heartbreakin' and I'm not mistaken'
You like his money, you'll be his honey
Get the truth, no excuse, you're a great big dummy, dumb girl

Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb-dumb, dumb (Dumb girl)
Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb

I wish I knew why a girl like you
Wants to do all the things that you do
I know you want a man, but you should understand
That J.C. ain't D, you shouldn't be his fan
You're not just fine, you're out of your mind
And I wrote this rhyme just for your kind
Don't be misled, remember what I said
The rhymes of rappers surely knock some sense in your head, dumb girl
You might also like
Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb-dumb, dumb (Dumb girl)
Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb (Now)

Now you're the flyest girl in the whole school
But they don't call you fly, they call you fool
Because you don't go to class, you will not pass
You like to go, but you should slow, because you're goin' too fast
And I can tell that you're dumb when you walk in the place
Walkin' round with your thumb cold stuck in your face
Always sinnin', never winnin' 'cause you're last in the race
You get high and tell a lie and think that makes you the ace, dumb girl

Stupid, the girl is
Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb

Now you're a stupid sex fiend with no will power (Power)
Had four guys in the bathroom at your last baby shower
All the guys call you fast (Fast) but I call you slow (Slow)
Always sniffin' or givin' (Givin') somebody a blow (Blow)
Givin' every guy a try (Try) at the wink of an eye (Eye)
There's somethin' that you're missin' that money can't buy (Buy)
When it comes to love, you're even hated by Cupid (Cupid)
You're (Silly) dilly (Dumb) and you're just plain stupid, dumb girl
Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb (Stupid), dumb, dumb, dumb-dumb, dumb (Dumb girl)
Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb
The girl is
Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb

I hope you to listen to the words that I speak
I'm not playin', what I'm sayin' can never be weak
You should use your brain, but you don't have one
And when it comes to sense, you don't have none
Yo, yo, you should know where I'm comin' from
But you're just dumb, diddy, dumb, diddy-diddy, dumb-dumb, dumb girl

Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb (Dumb with a capital D), dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb-dumb, dumb (Dumb girl)
Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb (Stupid as can be, breakdown)

Dumb
The girl is
Dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb, dumb-dumb, dumb
Dumb, dumb, dumb (Dumb girl)
Dumb girl (Dumb)
The girl is dumb1Embed
Born to rock around the clock
You can't say I'm not
And in case you forgot
I'm the king of rock!

I'm the devastating mic controller D.M.C
And can't nobody mess around with me
I'm the king of rock, rap, and of rhyme
I deal what I feel and it feels fine
If the sound from the Jay then I won't play
Around with sound, put down for the rhymes I say
Beats flow from Joe and never stop
Better get yourself together, let's rock
Hit it, Run


You just watch your clock while I rock your spot
I'm better known to the world as the king of rock
I like to speak my piece when I'm on the mic
I'm the best, or at least, I'm the one you like
And when I serve, you deserve to hear what I say
I throw a curve, he got the nerve to make a triple play
Now, how devastating can an MC be?
My name is Darryl, but you can call me D
Hit it, Run
You might also like

It's called gangsta hard rock, non-stop hip-hop
And it's headed for the top by the rhymes I pop
For every race, place, color, country, county, or creed
And all of the places that I emceed
B-boy badness to the highest degree
And you can't be a boy unless you be D
You can't bust a cherry or crush a grape
And if you ain't got this tape, you're in bad shape
Beats flow from Joe and never stop
Better get yourself together, let's (Rock)


Do you really believe what's going on?
I was conceived and I was born
I once was lost, but now I'm found
Tell your bunch I'm boss, I run this town
I leave all suckers in the dust
Those dumb motherfuckers can't mess with us
Beats flow from Joe and never stop
Better get yourself together, let's rock
Hit it, Run


I was straight from the start performing art
Climbing up the chart while others fall apart
The three outlaws in the music trade
We won't rob, but our job is to get paid (Paid)
'Cause Run has fun if Jay will play
As I add one more rhyme to say
Now, how devastating can an MC be?
My name is Darryl, but you can call me D
Hit it, Run


I was born son of Byford, brother of Al
Bannah's my mamma and Run's my pal
It's McDaniels, not McDonald's
These rhymes are Darryl's, the burgers are (Ronald's)
I ran down my family tree
My mother, my father, my brother, and D

Run-D.M.C. and Jam Master JayEmbed

Getter of girls, master of men
("King of Rock") and I am him
Lord of lyrics, duke of discussion
Ruler of rap and king at cold crushin'

And I'm DJ Run, commander-in-chief
Dictator, and hater of those that beef

Puller of people (controller of crowd)
Lingering lyrics (long) lastin' and LOUD

Droppin' MCs, with just one punch
'Cause it's the baddest of the bunch so call me Captain Crunch
Slayin MCs', make 'em walk the plank
(What's next?) Swappin' decks then I count my bank
Sophisticated sounds, not soft or sour
Servin' you suckers sellin' dreams in the shower
Rockin this party, hour after hour
If a girlie try to diss me (Oh my God!) I won't allow her!
You might also like
Wizard of words, ruler of rap
Not soft, not a sucker, could never be a sap
You might get jacked, 'cause you talk crap
When I bust my rap, they all step back
(The) microphone (master) D.M.C
Causes one, two, three, four casualties
You'll be praisin' D, down on your knees
'Cause I'm poppin' and droppin', stoppin' all MCs'
{*guitar solo*}

W-w-wel, w-w-we-well
I'm rhymin'  and climbin' beat-makin' every day
The synthesizer sound, so silence when I say
That I am great, get it straight, 'cause that's my fate
My name is Run I'm number one, that's how I rate
He's in the place with the bass, and style and grace
His name is Jay, he's here to play, and win this race
He's off the wall, on the ball, his name is D
Kind of tall yes y'all and he's down with me

I'm talked about because I turn it out
You cannot count this large amount
Of rhymes I got that rock this spot
'Cause I am def and you are NOT
If I was fake, I would not break
If the title's at stake, then I would take
?Paving? the title, will be taken
I'm for real, I'm not faking
Suckers are shiverin' and, dead shakin'
I think ya scared if I'm not mistaken
I gain respect and if I'm correct
They'll awe like a ball that I have check
If the shots they take have no effect
The punk tried to dunk, but he broke his neck
'Cause I rock harder and I, get farther
You wanna battle D, hey please, don't bother
To waste your time, messin' wit my rhyme
The only kick you get out of it is in the behind
{*guitar solo*}

Kings from Queens from Queens come Kings
We're Raising Hell like a class when the lunch bell rings
The king will be praised, and hell will be raised
S-suckers try to faze him but he won't be fazed
So what's your name?  D.M.C.! The King is me!
Your High-ness, or His Majesty!
You can debate, c-c-c-concentrate
But you can't imitate D.M.C. THE GREAT!Embed
SHUT UP!!!
You talk too much
You talk too much
You talk too much
You talk too much

Hey! You over there, I know about your kind
You're like the Independent Network News on Channel 9
Everywhere that you go, no matter where you are at
I said you talk about this, and you talk about that
When the cat took your tongue, I say you took it right back
Your mouth is so big, one bite could kill a Big Mac

You talk too much
You never shut up
I said you talk too much
Homeboy you never shut up

You talk about people, you don't even know
And you talk about places, you NEVER go
You talk about your girl, from head to toe
I said your mouth's moving fast, and your brain's moving slow
You might also like
You talk too much
You never shut up
I said you talk too much
Homeboy you never shut up

You're the instigator, the orator of the town
You're the worst when you converse, just a big mouth clown
You talk when you're awake, I heard you talk when you sleep
Has anyone ever told you, that talk is cheap?

You talk too much
You never shut up
I said you talk too much
Homeboy you never shut up (SHUT UP!!!)

Talking is the one thing that you can do best
You told the cavity creeps to watch out for Crest
You never have the story right and exact
And then you always try to bore me with your yakkity yak

You talk too much
And then you never shut up
I said you talk too much
Homeboy you never shut up (SHUT UP!!!)
Every day you are out fighting someone in the street
And you're always fighting someone you know ya can't beat
Then you wonder how you got in this mess
Just think of what you said, then take a guess

You talk too much
You never shut up
I said you talk too much
Homeboy you never shut up (SHUT UP!!!)

You're always spreading rumors, whether bad or good
You're the damn Walter Cronkite of the neighborhood
The Barbara Walters and the Howard Cosell
You always come around with a story to tell

You talk too much
And then you never shut up
I said you talk too much
Homeboy you never shut up (SHUT UP!!!)

Said it's everybody's business that you love to mind
And talkin' to you is like dropping a dime
You're spreading the word like it is your job
You should be a stool pigeon who works for the mob
You talk too much
Then you never shut up
I said you talk too much
Homeboy you never shut up!

A big blabbermouth, that's what you are
If you were a talk show host, you'd be a star
I said your mouth is big, size extra large
And when you open it, it's like my garage

You talk too much
And then you never shut up
I said you talk too much
Homeboy you never shut up (SHUT UP!!!)

You always like to gossip, just like a girl
You talk so damn much, it's outta this world
When you're reincarnated in your second life
You won't be a man, you'll be a nagging wife

You talk too much
Then you never shut up
I said you talk too much
Homeboy you never shut up! (SHUT UP!!!)

SHUT UP!!!
SHUT UP!!!

Twenty-five hours, eight days a week
Thirteen months out a year is when you speak
I'm tired of listening to the garbage you talk
Why don't you find a short pier, then take a long walk?

You talk too much
Then you never shut up
I said you talk too much
Homeboy you never shut up! (SHUT UP!!!)
You talk too much
You could be out of breath
You talk too much
Man you naggin' me to death
You talk too much
Tired of hearing you speak
You talk too much
Eight days a week
You talk too much
Then you never shut up
I said you talk too much
Why don't you ever shut up? (SHUT UP!!!)
You talk too much
Then you never shut up!
I said you talk too much
Homeboy you never shut up! (SHUT UP!!!)1Embed
Everyone out there ready?
It goes a-one, two, three, and

Perfection to D is quite essential
He has to live up to his potential
I work real hard all day and night
I get to it and do it 'cause I want it right
I got bass, tone, I use cologne
And then I rock the funky rhyme on the microphone
I got a funky fresh car with the funky fresh bar
I'm a funky fresh star and I'm up to par
My name is D.M.C. down with Run and Jay
Is everything copacetic, y'all? Kind of a-okay

Perfection (Yo, yo, yo, what we talkin 'bout, what we talkin 'bout?)
Perfection (Most definitely)

I got prescription glasses and my eyes are correct
Two times every year I go to have them checked
Perfection's my selection, and I will select
And if it's not (Perfect) I will perfect
You might also like
Perfection (What we got?)
Perfection (Who me? I— talkin' 'bout me?)

I got a credit card made out of gold
I get cash in a flash and the story's told
I got D.M.C., I got JMJ
I got Jeff, he's def, and Runny-Ray
I got a dog, a cat, a mouse, a rat
A fly, he won't die, and a little gnat
My name is DJ Run and he's Darryl Mack
Run-D.M.C., right and exact

Perfection
Perfection (C'mon, let's get 'em, tell 'em, D)

I won't fail, I won't flop
Stall or stutter, yes, I won't stop
It takes hard work to be like this
You should know 'cause I'm a perfectionist

Perfection
Perfection
Perfection (Yo, DJ Run, what is it?)
Perfection (Perfectly speaking)
Perfection
Perfection (P-P-P-P)
Perfection (P-P-P-Perfect)
Perfection (Perfectly speaking)
Perfection (P-P-P-P, 100 percent)
Perfection (Roll, roll, roll, c'mon, c'mon c'mon)
Perfection (Word, there it is)1Embed
Yo, Jay (Wait)
One (Wait)
Two
Three
Four

One day when I was chillin' in Kentucky Fried Chicken
Just mindin' my business, eatin' food and finger lickin'
This dude walked in lookin' strange and kind of funny
Went up to the front with a menu and his money
He didn't walk straight, kind of side-to-side
He asked this old lady, "Yo, yo, um, is this Kentucky Fried?"
The lady said "Yeah", smiled and he smiled back
He gave a quarter and his order, small fry and Big Mac

You be illin' (Yo, yo, what you tell that kid?), illin'
You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin'

To-day you won a ticket to see Doctor J
Front row seat (In free), no pay
Radio in hand, snacks by feet
Game's about to start, you kickin' popcorn to the beat
You finally wake up, Doc's gone to town
Round his back, through the hoop, then you scream, "Touchdown!"
You might also like
You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin' (Run, what you tell that kid?)
You be illin', illin'

The other day around the way I seen you illin' at a party
Drunk as a skunk, you illin', punk, and in your left hand was Bacardi
You went up to this fly girl and said "Yo, yo, can I get this dance?"
She smelled your breath and then she left you standin' in your illin' stance

You be illin', illin' (You know what your problem is?)
You be illin', illin' (Yo, Run, what you tell that kid?)
You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin'

For dinner, you ate it, there is none left
It was salty, with butter and it was def
You proceeded to eat it 'cause you was in the mood
But, holmes, you did not read it was a can of dog food

You be illin', illin' (Uh, illin'? I be chillin')
You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin' (Yo, what he doin'?)
You be illin'
You be illin', illin'
You be illin', illin' (You, you, you, you)
You be illin', illin' (You, you, you, you, you, you, you)
You be illin', illin' (Yo, yo)
You be illin', ill-illin' (Yo, homeboy)
You be illin', illin' (Who, me?)
You be illin', illin', ill-ill-illin'
You be illin', ill-ill-ill-ill-illin'
Yo, I know you ain't talkin' to me (Illin')
Man, you ain't sayin' nothin' (Illin')
Ill-illin' (Man, why don't you drop this beat?)
Talkin' 'bout my moms? Talkin' 'bout my moms?3Embed
My Adidas walk through concert doors
And roam all over coliseum floors
I stepped on stage, at Live Aid
All the people gave, and the poor got paid
And out of speakers I did speak
I wore my sneakers but I'm not a sneak
My Adidas touch the sand of a foreign land
With mic in hand, I cold took command
My Adidas and me close as can be
We make a mean team, my Adidas and me
We get around together, we're down forever
And we won't be mad when caught in bad weather
My Adidas
(Uh)
My Adidas
(Uh)
Yo, what's up?

My Adidas, standin' on two fifth street
Funky fresh and yes, cold on my feet
With no shoestring in 'em, I did not win 'em
I bought 'em off the ave' with the black Lee denim
I like to sport 'em, that's why I brought 'em
A sucker tried to steal 'em so I caught 'em and I fought 'em
And I walk down the street, and bop to the beat
With Lee on my legs and Adidas on my feet
And so now I'm just standin' here shootin' the gip
Me and D and my Adidas standing on two fifth
My Adidas
My Adidas
You might also like
Now me and my Adidas do the illest things
We like to stomp out pimps with diamond rings
We slay all suckers who perpetrate
And lay down law from state to state
We travel on gravel, dirt road or street
I wear my Adidas when I rock the beat
On stage front page, every show I go
It's Adidas on my feet, high top or low
My Adidas
My Adidas

What up, what up, what up?

Now the Adidas I possess for one man is rare
Myself, homeboy got fifty pair
Got blue and black, 'cause I likes to chill
And yellow and green when it's time to get ill
Got a pair that I wear when I'm playin' ball
With the heel inside, make me ten feet tall

My Adidas only bring good news
And they are not used as felon shoes
They're black and white, white with black stripes
The ones I like to wear when I rock the mic
On the strength of a famous university
We took the beat from the street and put it on TV
My Adidas are seen on the movie screen
Hollywood knows we're good, if you know what I mean
We started in the alley, now we chill in Cali
And I won't trade my Adidas for no  beat up Bally's
My Adidas11Embed
Kings from Queens, from Queens come kings
We're raisin' hell like a class when the lunch bell rings
The king will be praised and hell will be raised
S-S-S-Suckers try to faze him, but D won't be fazed
So what's your name? D.M.C., the King is me
Your Highness, or His Majesty
Now you can debate, you c-c-c-concentrate
But you can't imitate D.M.C. the Great
Dissin' all devils, causin' havoc in Hell
At a very high level bass and treble shall yell
Heard in the heavens are the sounds supreme
So clear to the ear it is sometimes seen
So loud like a cloud with thunder and lightning
So proud to the crowd it is somewhat frightening
No calm in the storm like a beast unleashed
There's no stoppin' 'cause the rockin' cannot cease, break

You see it's harder than hard, not one bit soft
Courageous and contagious, so you better break North
Not a cold, on a roll, did you hear me cough?
Just listen while I'm dissin' 'cause you're pissin' me off
Cold bedding is spreading all across your face
You can't take when I break and if that's the case
I'll go on and on and kick the bass
So back up off the cup while I take my taste
You might also like
It's highly appraised when the hell is raised
So demanding and commanding that you all stand dazed
The unbelieving receiving prophecy so true
I cut the head off the devil and I throw it at you
My mighty mic control already brought his soul
The rock king is so bold when he rocks and roll
A black hat is my crown, symbolizin' the sound
Signifyin', we won't play around, bust it

Rhymin' and climbin', beat-makin' every day
No synthesizer sound, so silence when I say
I am great, get it straight, 'cause that's by fate
My name is Run, I'm number one, that's how I rate
He's in the place with the bass, and style and grace
His name is Jay, he's here to play and win this race
He's off the wall, on the ball, his name is D
Kind of tall, yes, y'all, he's down with me

From the mountain valley to the deep blue sea
The word is heard as told by D
I don't sing, I bring much delight
Like a star shinin' bright in the darkest night
If you are cold, I'll bring you heat
Like I brought the whole world my funky beat
Mysterious and serious, I ain't no joke
Fire from the depths of hell and you can smell the smoke
Kickin' and tickin' while you're havin' a ball
Like chicken, finger lickin' I'll be vickin' you all
So do The Bird, have you heard, did they give you a call?
Just me and D.M.C., cold shakin' the walls
There's no fearin' when hearin' sound of this kind
Across the land every man is goin' out of his mind
On the face of the earth spreading like disease
Contaminating, infiltrating like a horde of bees

Lord of lyrics, duke of discussion
Ruler of rock, and king at cold-crushin'
Puller of people, controller of crowds
Lingering lyrics, long-lasting and loud
Left, y'all, a-to the left, y'all
Because I rock up on the mic real def, y'all
And to the right, y'all, a-to the right, y'all
Because I rock up on the mic all night, y'all

You see, I want respect, if I'm correct
They're all like a ball that I have checked
And the shots they take have no effect
The punk tried to dunk, but he broke his neck
'Cause I rock harder and I get farther
You wanna battle D? Hey, please, don't bother
To waste your time, messin' with my rhyme
The only kick you'll get out of it is in your behind4Embed
You know I'm proud to be Black, y'all
And that's a fact, y'all
And if you try to take what's mine, I'll take it back, y'all
It's like that

Licky-licky-licky-licky-licky-licky-licky-licky
Listen, party people, here's a serious song
It's right not wrong, I should say right on
I gotta tell you somethin' that you all should know
It's not a mystery, it's history, and here's how it go
Now Harriet Tubman was born a slave
She was a tiny Black woman, but she was brave
She was livin' to be givin', there's a lot that she gave
There's not a slave in this day and age, I'm proud to be

Black, goddamn, I'm tired, my man
Don't worry 'bout what color I am
Because I'll show you how ill this man can act
It could never be fiction, 'cause it is all fact
And if you get in my way, I will not turn back
I'm proud of my name, my name is Darryl Mack
I'm Black and I'm proud, and I'll say it out loud
I'll share my story with the whole crowd, uh
You might also like
You know I'm proud to be Black, y'all
And that's a fact, y'all
And if you try to take what's mine, I'll take it back, y'all
It's like that

DJ Run and I'm running things
You can hear it loud and clear like when the school bell rings
Like Martin Luther King, I will do my thing
I'll say it in a rap 'cause I do not sing

D.M.C., the man that's causin' the grief
I got a message for the world, so listen up, it's brief
Like Malcolm X said, I won't turn the right cheek
Got the strength to go the length if you wanna start beef, start beef

You know I'm proud to be Black, y'all
And real brave, y'all
And motherfucker, I could never be a slave, y'all
So take that

Gonna tell ya somethin', put your mind in a swirl
God bless the next baby that comes in this world
The world's full of hate, discrimination and sin
People judgin' other people by the color of skin
I'll attack this matter in my own way
Man, I ain't no slave, I ain't bailin' no hay
Written a deposition, in any condition
Don't get in my way, 'cause I'm full of ambition
I'm proud to be Black and I ain't takin no crap
I'm fresh out the pack and I'm proud to be Black, so take that
There was a man, an inventor, who invented so well
He invented a fortune for a man named Bell
George Washington Carver made the peanut great
Showed any man with a mind could create
You read about Malcolm X in the history text
Jesse Owens broke records, Ali broke necks
What's wrong with ya, man? How can you be so dumb?
Like Dr. King said, "We shall overcome"1Embed
Dan, Dan, are you there?
Yeah I'm here, and what a crowd!
This is Dan Summers, your super scoop news reporter, at the local ticket outlet center
Excuse me sir, what's all the excitement about?
Yo man, you don't know?!
Run-D.M.C. and the Raising Hell Tour is coming to town, B!
Yeah what will they be singing?

Together, forever, forever, together
Run-D.M.C. and we're... MY, AH-DIDAS!
Excuse me miss, who are you going to see?
Whodini!

Funky beat, funky beat, funky beat
Oh my God, who are all you kids running to see?!

LL Cool J is hard as HELL
This is Dan Summers, your super scoop reporter, signing off!
Dan, what about weather, what about sports?  Where are you going?
To get my Run-D.M.C. RAISING HELL tickets!!  Word!You might also likeEmbed
This speech is my recital, I think it's very vital
To rock a rhyme that's right on time, "It's Tricky" is the title (Here we go)

It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky
It's tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky
It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky
Tr-tr-tr-tricky, tricky, tricky

I met this little girlie, her hair was kind of curly
Went to her house and bust her out, I had to leave real early
These girls are really sleazy, all they just say is, "Please me"
Or spend some time and rock a rhyme, I said, "It's not that easy"

It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky (How is it D?)
It's tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky
It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky
Tricky, tricky, tricky

In New York, the people talk and try to make us rhyme
They really hawk, but we just walk because we have no time
And in the city, it's a pity 'cause we just can't hide
Tinted windows don't mean nothin', they know who's inside
You might also like
It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky (How is it D?)
Tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky
It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky
Tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky, huh

When I wake up, people take up mostly all of my time
I'm not singin', phone keep ringin' 'cause I make up a rhyme
I'm not braggin', people naggin' 'cause they think I'm a star
Always tearin' what I'm wearin', I think they're goin' too far
A girl named Carol follows Darryl every gig we play
Then D dissed her and dismissed her, now she's jockin' Jay
I ain't lyin', girls be cryin' 'cause I'm on TV
They even bother my poor father 'cause he's down with me

It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky (How is it?)
Tricky, tricky, tricky, tricky
It's tricky to rock a rhyme, to rock a rhyme that's right on time, it's tricky
Tr-tr-tr-tr-tricky, tr-tr-tr-tr-tr-tr-tr

We are not thugs, we don't use drugs, but you assume on your own
They offer coke and lots of dope, but we just leave it alone
It's like that, y'all, y'all, but we don't quit
You keep on rock shock 'cause this is it25Embed

Got senoritas in Adidas over in Spain
The Don of San Juan got 'em goin insane
Got chicks in Spanish Harlem holdin they brain
In São Paulo they follow, doin the same
Admiration for Run since "Sucker M.C.'s"
Papi bilingual, sell a single with ease
Y'all think that I'm done, Run don't got no flow?
What is you loco?  I'm grande gato pa-po
Run and Bo, D.M.C. and Fat Joe
Fo' cats on the same track got dough
Us cuatro, lock flow, you don't know?
From New York City to Puerto Rico (whoa)

Ay papi, tu sabe, yo tengo fiebre para ti
You got my fire burnin..
Ay papi, tu sabe, yo tengo fiebre para ti
You got my fire burnin..

Uhh, uhh
What's goin on black?  Goin platinum and beyond that
Layin down the format, sippin on that Cognac
Where the Don at?
I'm at Hollis with the kings payin homage to the things
They accomplished in they teens and I never stop throwin them flings
Control of the game, I'm right here over the rain
A human pot of gold, I already had a lot of flow
Ready to rock steady with Run and make a lot of dough
You might also like
You might tell from the way I talk
That sucker MC's is who I stalk
Create in a rhyme that is in formation
Or why I made such a rap creation
That is bound, to be reknowned
Within this city as a funky sound
And to those that try to put me down
My DJ has jams, by the pound (c'mon, let's go)


Skaggs Nit'
Aiyyo I rolled up, in the spot that I rolled up
My ice glitter like hold up
All the chickens like, "Look at Bo, he done growed up
Thinks he the bomb, bet his beeper stay blowed up"
So much frost on my wrist look my fist froze up
A photographer is tryin to get a little close up
Why cause I'm a star now?  Buy out the bar now?
Or I press one button, start up my car now?
I heard that you wanna spar now, so baby it's on
I spit flows, rip shows 'til the day that I'm gone
And this day I hit 'em off I'll have America sewn
Rich plat', rims chrome, spin (?) to your dome
I entered your home, lick you down, strictly to bone
The hit that I'm on got Spanish mamis singin my song
 - 1.5XEmbed
Gloria sit tibi semper
Sit tibi domine, sit tibi Christe
Uh-huh, huh, uh-huh, ahh-haa, ahh-haa, see
When y'all heard that, all I’m doin is laughin' at all y'all niggas
That’s been frontin’ on my mans and them man
These niggas started this shit man

When it comes to the shows that I rock and the flows that I drop
Y'all know Run kills the mic
Can't forget about the Olds that I got, and the Rolls in the spot
Y'all know I ain't stealed it, right?
How you gonna take a old song, been around so long
So So Def done made it tight
Done went from a deejay to a emcee
To the R-E-V like overnight
Everybody lookin', players get shook when
Rev Run walk up in the spot
Even all the crooks that been livin’ outta Brooklyn
Just can’t help but point a lot
Everywhere I go now, people say “Oh, wow!”
'Cause they know how I get
It don’t matter if it’s Motown, all the way to yo’ town
You can’t slow down my hits
You might also like
Can't slow it down, man… Think about this! From 1983 to 2000. It’s 2001 and these niggas still on the run? Y'all, niggas, just crazy, y'all out here tryin' to front, like… they ain’t the reason, you went and bought a pair of shelltoe. The fuck is wrong witch'all?

People wanna hurt Rev Run, say 'cause I got dough
That I must be a type of fraud
But you know the thing that’s funny, this garden ain’t money
Then how rich is the lawn
Went got JD, made me crazy
Play me up in the club
Got a brand new Mercedes, for my lady
But see me, I’m older
To the Bentley and all that come out the garage
On the side of a grand, prestigious home
Y'all ask if I’m blessed by God, player what you thought?
What Rev you seen on chrome?
Gotta make these dollars, comin’ out of Hollis
Got my collar on too
I got the rhyme and the beat and the vibe from the street
And now the rest is on you

The rest is on me man. Let me let y’all know somethin'. The first rap group to get on MTV, hard heavy, ya heard me? And then, they gon’ turn around, and resurrect Aerosmith like… You know what I mean, boy, ain’t enough of that, knahmsayin? If it wasn’t for these cats, man. Y'all wouldn’t know nothin’ about no LL Cool J or Beastie Boys, y'knahmean? And this comin’ from me, I’m lookin’ at it, man, since I been 13 years old man, I’ve been watchin’ these cats, man. I ain’t no old nigga, but I know, nigga, ya heard me, y’knahmsayin? So stop all that frontin’, man. Stop all your frontin’, ya heard me?! Yeah!

Forget the hits that I made or the gig that I played
If you had love back in the day (That’s right)
Just raised up my kicks and I changed what I spit
And returned as the Run y'all love today (Yeah)
I pick the mic back up, came right back up
To the top where I’m ‘posed to be (‘Posed to be)
And when the track light up, y'all can back right up
Y'all players too close to me

Uh-huh, yeah, what?  Yo, yo
Aiyyo I seen Run with the chrome spinnin
Watchin the Knicks in the back of the 6
Pulled up on the side like, "Who's winnin?"
Nigga said, "Me since eighty-three, get it right"
Politely flashed his Roley, then dipped to the light
Next night seen him on stage with some platinum shells
With baguettes on the side that spelled "Raising Hell"
I said, "Run the crowd yell like you paid 'em well"
Then he said to ask Bert Padell, who the hell?
Oh well - I thought I was done bein impressed
Until my man called me up and told me listen to Flex
{"Yo yo yo, turn on Flex"} I ain't know what to do
It was like Run was sunnin everybody but then again the shit was true
MC's must want him gone, hoppin on chrome
Sayin they the kings, please, you kept the seat warm
Ain't nobody better than this twenty year veteran
Even as a Reverend, hotter than you ever been
It don't really matter who the hell you are
The fakest of all cats or the biggest of stars (uh-huh)
Tryin to doubt these three, you breakin the law
They the kings, LEAVIN Y'ALL IN AWE, THAT'S REAL PAW

Like ahhh, Dunn done did it again
Ahhh, pad done hit the pen
Ahhh, man they droppin gems
Ahhh, the kid's bout stackin the ends
You might also like
Yo, Rev. Run, run the block, swerve the Dat'
Flow is hot, don't need no gun to cock
I'm sick of Vidal, your brother tried to get me to fall
I'm kickin it raw, even in the thick of it all
Run laps around wack cats, I hate DAT's
Since way back, made great tracks, I lace raps
Yo face that, before you catch aluminum bats
From numerous cats with Run-D.M.C. on they hats
You ain't gettin no show 'til your album out
The label don't wanna spend money yo what's THAT about?
No clout, had to settle for a fake amount
While my catalogue bigger than your bank account
No doubt, I'm the greatest all time fo' sho'
Rev. Run comin through and leavin niggas in awe
 - 2X
 Yo Run remember that night at the light in the back of the 6?
 Yeah I was mad the Knicks lost, I got a new whip
 Yeah I see, the Bentley Arnage, with the four doors
 What is that, for more horse?
 Nah son, for more tours
 I see you've been peepin me for quite some time
 Yo my bad
 Ain't a thing, nigga I noticed you rhyme
 Yo what a nigga gotta do to be more like you?
 A nigga like me ain't got a clue
 First things first I DJ, Run all the rappers
 Actors, they want status
 But they can't have this
 Since "Krush Groove" you been makin them papes
 A lot of rap movies been made since but most of them fake
 Thanks for the compliment kid, now jump BACK in your car
 It's the Reverend leavin niggas in awe, that's real paw like
 - 4XEmbed
Yo!  D.. J.. Run!  D.. Mmmmmmm C!
Yeah, what?  Kings, of, rock!
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah!
Echo tech, b-boy down..

I wanna rock right now
DJ Run and I'm claimin my crown
I be internationally known
Even got chrome on my microphone
I ain't stupid, y'all outrageous
Actin like Run can't rock all ages, so
DON'T, act like y'all don't know
Run been rockin since Kurtis Blow
Me and my brother been gettin this dough
Came in the do', said it befo'
These are the kings from around the way
Run-D.M.C. and Jam Master Jay..
{*scratched: "I'm the king.. of rock!"*}

Alright, never lose your flow
In the end it's just a rock show
Alright, alright, alright
In the end it's just a rock show
You might also like
Y'all wanna know what it takes to be
An MC like D in the place to be
And got a house on the hill for my family
With the grass more green than a gram of weed
Stars in the cars on the way to my show
Gettin rah at the bar when they drinkin the Mo'
With a cigar in the palm steady gettin the dough
Ain't nuttin changed but the lane and the Range a Rove'
Just, cause y'all know my name
Heard my fame and seen my game
Don't mean I'm all about the glitter and flam
The king of rock is who I am
Raw, we are, by law
First one rockin these Adidas y'all saw
Jumped on tour way back in eighty-four
Jay, Run, D. Mac smack back up at your door

Alright, never lose your flow
In the end it's just a rock show
Alright, never lose your flow
Cause in the end it's just a rock show
Alright, never lose your flow
Cause in the end it's just a rock show
Alright, alright, alright
In the end it's just a rock show
Alright, alright, alright
In the end it's just a rock show
Hey y'all it's me from the Three Beezies
N.Y.C. is sucker free just to show y'all it could be done
Step up and funk everyone
And we're out..
You can't touch this, you can't touch this, can't touch this
You can't touch this, you can't touch this..Embed
Ahh, yo.. yo, y-yo yo
Yo yo, y-yo yo, yo
Y-yo..
Seen this girl on the block by the boondock
On the spot she was down for the boot knock
Drop top, she was rockin the 2Pac
Said, "Yo D, not me, whatchu got?"
D said, "She's a vivrant thang..
Vivrant thang, vivrant thang"

Seen a girl so crystal clean, I mean
Since I been on the scene, I dream of girls
In tube tops, pools on rooftops
Now this girl, who cruises to Tupac
Get this girl in my bathtub, give her a backrub
My bathroom's like a nightclub
A few ladies in my den, fondlin'
A few ladies in the den, so bring some Jello in
And a mighty fine fellow in like myself
To organize the panties on the shelf

Them girls, them girls, them girls I do adore
I like 'em sweet or fine, a genuine divine
All kinds, I love 'em all
Them girls, them girls, them girls around the way
A like a lemon to a lime, the women so fine
Sometimes they make me say
You might also like
Had a fly girl cold called her honey
Went in spent up all my money
Fred went to bed with a girl from college (what?)
D told me she was lookin' for dollars (dollar)
I be the MC that don't get played (played)
Girls come check in but they don't get paid (paid)
They might get naked but they don't get laid (laid)
Been schoolin' these girls since I made first grade

Ahh, ahh, ahh, ahh
I like the small girls, I like the tall girls
I like all the girls, bustin' dirty call girls
So Run let's bring them girls in
And their girlfriends, but don't let the squirrels in
As for their boyfriends, they'll find joy when
Their girlfriends come home and bring Limp Bizkit toys in
I like to rate shit when I'm in the snakepit
But no silicon 'cause I don't like the fake shit

Them girls, them girls, them girls I do adore
I like 'em sweet or fine, a genuine divine
All kinds, I love 'em all
Them girls, them girls, them girls around the way
A like a lemon to a lime, the women so fine
Sometimes they make me say
Them girls, them girls, them girls, them girls
Them girls, them girls, them girls, them girls
Them girls, them girls, them girls, them girls
Them girls, them girls, them girls, them girls

Yo yo
Girls delight line, girls galore (ore)
Girls I never even seen before (ore)
The way they swayed and make me smile (smile)
But Run get the dimes on the top of the pile (pile)

Girls are freakin', things are good
The girls can fill up my neighborhood
But don't take my sunshine, I'll be okay
As long as them girlies, are here to stay

Them girls, them girls, them girls I do adore
I like 'em sweet or fine, a genuine divine
All kinds, I love 'em all
Them girls, them girls, them girls around the way
A like a lemon to a lime, the women so fine
Sometimes they make me say
Them girls, them girls, them girls I do adore
I like 'em sweet or fine, a genuine divine
All kinds, I love 'em all
Them girls, them girls, them girls around the way
A like a lemon to a lime, the women so fine
Sometimes they make me say

Them girls, them girls, them girls, them girls
Them girls, them girls, them girls, them girls
Them girls, them girls, them girls, them girls
Them girls, them girls, them girls, them girlsEmbed
And you can be too if you know who you are
 Like a Brougham on the corner, big boy in a car
Be the Kid in Kid Rock, with the baw-wit-da-baw
Be hard as law, what you saw is law
 Once again my friend, it's DJ Run on tour
 Like DJ Run's his name
 Like Kid Rock is his
 He's D.M.C. it's like that and that's the way it is
 Beats get you open my voice is just like a (HURRA)
Cane come invadin your statement and made a (TERROR)
Flows doin shows they knows I go (OVER)
 Hoes even chose to pose for this Rover
 Eyes come to see the three in live footage
Jay Run and D.M.C., that's what the hood is
 Never been a time like this that's so vital
 "I'm the King of Rock".. cause that's my title
 Then take a count, one two three
"Jam Master Jay, Run-D.M.C."
You might also like ... You see, I..
 want respect
 And if I'm correct
 Well then you're all like a call that I had checked
 And the shots that they take have no effect
 Some punk tried to dunk but he broke his neck
Cause I rock harder, and I roll farther
You wanna battle Kid Rock, bitch don't bother
 You waste your time, messin with my rhymes
 The only kick you'll get out of is in your behind
 Fire, blaze, my name is worldwide
When we yes yes y'all we rock it all night
 To other MC's doin rock'n'roll
It's Run-D.M.C., Kid Rock patrol
DJ Run 'til I'm done, D.M.C.'s the soul
Got MTV on remote control
Platinum platinum can't mess with gold
We never let go of the mics we hold
Our joints get played your select's the mode
D.M.C.'s spittin flame while your jams is cold
Over thirty-million records worldwide we sold
Darryl Mack, JMJ, and my name is Joe
The other MC's know about the show
Hook the turntables up to the telephone pole
Rock a rhyme nine nine 'til it's time to go
Cough up a long, DJ Run, got a rhyme to flow
I come from a school that they call the old
D.M.C. stands for Devestating Mic Control
I come from a school that they call the old
We never let go of the mics we hold
I come from a school that they call the old
Over thirty million records worldwide we sold
I come from a school that they call the old
It's Run-D.M.C., Kid Rock patrol
I come from a school that they call the old..
Dum diddy dum diddy diddy dumb dumb
 You see, I.. want respect
 and if I'm correct
 Well then you wall like a ball that I had checked
 And the shots that they take have no effect
 Some punk tried to dunk but he broke his neck
Cause I rock harder, and I grow farther
You wanna battle Kid Rock, bitch don't bother
 Don't waste your time, messin with my rhymes
 The only kick you'll get out of it IS IN YOUR BEHINDEmbed
Queens Day, cash made on Hollis Avenue
Make it seem easy

From the days of arm call niggas hung around blocks
And corner stores
Herringbone chains and fantasies rushing the door
Niggas from Rochdale popping shells, snatching rings
Fly from Shirt Kings, from Queensbridge to 118
I had my eyes open, stepping out into the world
So fiendish, Ole English 'til I hurl, growing pains
A young kid, learning early how to know the game
USA Roller Skate rink, mobs and crews would take minks
Clean streets, hustlers, crack cocaine
Gave back by throwing block parties and basketball games
A lotta cash made on Hollis Ave., fast and change
High rollers was living, until the Task Force came
A lotta ghost towns and memories, bad blooded enemies
So many died with the same gangsta pride that entered me
Peace to them old timers, they who taught us
How to stand strong and pass it on to the sons and daughters
We all glow, and I'm proud to be all that I know
Q-B-O-R-O, nigga, who I die for
Survival, how we came a long way in solidarity
Don't let nothing try an spoil this day
To Run, D and Jay it's love and my thug salute
Cause real love's the only thing that comes above this loot
Carhart jeans, it makes me think of LL's Troops
Let's celebrate, it's Queens Day, this one's for you
You might also like

Some come out they hometown and they never get dealt
But three teens from Queens took over the world and never let go
Just regular cats you know that just happened to blow
Not anonymous with Hollis, Jake, Darrell and Joe
Ay yo, we made so that others could grow
Look at LL, A Tribe Called Quest, Mobb and Nas Esco
Ain't taking credit, we showing pride, look at us now
Got haters mouths all open wide, wondering how
In some cases the only thing that father and son
Have in common is they love for Run
Been the illest since day one, I'm too advanced to ever be caught
Who's more legendary than me... that's what I thought
And if somebody wanna test mine, yo, watch this
Peter Piper picked peppers...
And see I knew you knew the next line, and I bet you said it
It's been a minute, I'm still the king of the world so don't forget it


This is for my Q dogs who live the block life, pa
We grew up on Old English, Summertime Roy Wilkins Park
Used to be the shit, why they have to stop
On the Ave niggas looting all the jewelry spots
Hit the Shirt Kings for an ill airbrush top
That'll match my Cortez Nikes
Niggas getting robbed at the back door coming out with bags
We used to get our gold fronts from Eddie's gold caps
What y'all know about that, I bet the whole Queens do
Around '86 with the chrome bass crew
The young guns and Lost Boys made the news
Queensbridge and Astoria, too, the story is true
So let's party for the borough and shit
And everybody come outside, cause it's Queens Day kid
1Embed
For thine, is the kingdom, and the power, and the glory, forever..

The king's a ruler, the ruler rules
The king's a ruler, the ruler rules
The king-the king's a ruler, the ruler rules
The king's a ruler, the ruler rules

I'm the epitome of royalty, you versus me is a joke
I'm a rage and major blaze, you cigarette smoke
Your video's number one and that was part of our plan
Went from "Rock Box" to a whole countdown jam
Took rock music, switched it and flipped it and made it raw
Anywhere you played, we played it before in eighty-four
Every show, a hundred thousand people or more
Fame'll still give us tours and we be tryin not to take 'em all
I bake 'em all, quicker than Sara Lee, come battle me
Imagine that, what a site that'll be
Front page of the Times, I can read the headlines now
Rev. Run beat clown down for tryin to take his crown


I'm the reason you started rhymin
I'm the reason rap sales started climbin
That's why I'm still headlinin
I'm the king and before I stop y'all cats gon' learn
Yeah y'all niggas wanna burn wait your turn
Run I'm a living legend, my suggestion is learn your lesson
I leave you stressin confessin (?) and strivin for blessing
And whatever your impression it better be, that we the top pedigree
Bringin y'all enegry since eighty-three
I run this here since way back when
I pick up a pair of shells and make y'all wear 'em again
If you thought it I done did it
Heard it I done spit it
New cats wanna pay their respects then son I'm with it
But if not, I'ma reclaim the top of the charts
Doin shows for dough flows rip 'em apart
Other than that, I'll just be holdin my own
Crown Royalty, up on the throne, f'real
You might also like - 2X

Our father, who art in heaven
Hallowed be thy name, thy kingdom come, thy will be done, forever..
 - to fadeEmbed
 One two three, in the place to be.. {*"be"*}
 And this is Sugar Ray, and Run-D.M.C
 HERE WE GO!

D.M.C. and DJ Run
Dum-diddy-dum diddy-diddy-dum-dum
We're rockin on the mic and then you know where we're from
Dum-diddy-dum diddy-diddy-dum-dum
We hope y'all ready for the big beat drum
Drum-diddy-dum diddy-diddy-drum-drum
So people in the place here the big beat come
Here it come, here it come, here it kiddy-come-come

Cool chief rocka, don't drink vodka
Used to keep cheeba inside my locker
Used to get to' down, now I slowed down
Hold the flow down from Motown to yo' town
I be the MC that rip it nightly
They said could be lucky, yeah might be, slightly
But if it's luck, then I'm the luckiest you know
I'm runnin this, king of rock yo, here we go
You might also like
In the history of the song
And the list be goin on and on
Since the days of rock'n'roll, Purple Haze, hip-hop'n'soul
So here we go.. {"Here we go!"}
Yeah!  Here we go now!
Yeah!  DJ Run

Rhymes so def, rhymes rhymes galore lore
Rhymes that you never even heard before fore
Say you heard my rhymes, we're gonna have to fight
Cause I just made the hot {shit} up last night
That's right I rhyme tight for cats on the block
Took it to new heights, look at Kid Rock
Y'all eat what I cook to put y'all on
So have a Limp Bizkit and a piece of Korn


Deva-stating, mic controller
The word wiz-ard and the chief rock roller
 Bad b-boy made for the b-girls
Rock rulin rhymes as the turntable twirls
 Su-preme people who was born to talk
And over any corny rap king, we'll exalt!
 These are the kings from around the wayyy
{"Run-D.M.C. and Jam Master Jay!"}

{*Sugar Ray guitarist plays to end*}Embed
If you don't this time, we shall return
The beat is big, it's kind of large
And when we're on the mic, we're in charge
It's like that y'all (that y'all) like that y'all (that y'all)
Like that-a-tha-that a-like that y'all (that y'all)
Cool chief rocker, I don't drink vodka
But keep a microphone inside my locker
Go to school everyday, on the side makin' pay
'Cause I'm rockin' on the mic until the break of day
And now the things I do make me a star
And you could be too if you know who you are
Just put your mind to it, you'll go real far
Like a pedal to the metal when you're drivin' a car
...Liggy-liggy-liggy-listen to the things that I say
Because it's not routine, it's the way I play
Just come out my mouth all time of the day
And then I must have time to give it away
Hey, they used to call me Easy D
'Cause I rapped on the mic so easily
But now they call me D.M.C
(He's) the Emcee of the party
The D's for doin it all of the time
The M's for the rhymes that are all mine
The C's for cool, cool as can be
(And why you wear those glasses?) So I can see
You might also likeHuh-huh
Got rhymes so def, rhymes, rhymes galore
Rhymes that you never even heard before
Now if you say you heard my rhymes, we're gonna have to fight
'Cause I just made the super-def rhymes last night
Microphone master, super rhyme maker
I get def as the others get faker
It's me, D.M.C. in the place to be
And I still got the same old harmony
I'm the devastatin' mic-controller
The word wizard and the chief rock roller
Bad b-boy made for the b-girls
Rock ruler rhymes as the turntable twirls
Supreme being who was born to talk
And over sucker MC's all day I walk
A few years ago my name was Joe
And then I went to a party, cold stole the show
Stole it as sure as birds have wings
Now they're callin' me DJ Running Things
Got Kurtis Blow down with the two
And my man Larry Lah makes beats for you
Keepin' up the funky beat is the Hollis Crew
So Dee, take the mic cause you know I'm through
In case you wonder what all this means
We're funky fresh from Hollis, Queens
Run and Kurt both down with me
And that's the way it's meant to be
I'm the microphone master D.M.C
Devastatin' mic-controller personality
And to the sucker MC's who did not learn
If you don't this time we shall return...1Embed
Let me tell you bout what I love in Gina
Love is like no other couldn't get in between her
Always stayed fly man I wished that you seen her
Said they had a scheme but nobody believed her
No real job cause she stay in the streets
Gina did nails but her love made beats
When they wanna eat they just walked in the store
They took what they wanted man the illest you saw
Til one day they went up kindin fiendin with ice
Butter like(?) the jeans and Gina said "The rings are nice"
Next thing you know they wanna pull off a heist
Shook took a look and shot the jeweler twice
Diamonds all shinin as they flew in the air
Butter actin up and grabbin stuff by the pair
Gina at the door cause she good with the gun
They both grabbed the money and run

C'mon, take the money and run {*v/ scratched: "Run"*}
C'mon, take the money and run {*v/ scratched: "Run"*} hey, hey, hey
C'mon, take the money and run {*v/ scratched: "Run"*}
C'mon, take the money and run {*v/ scratched: "Run.."*} hey, hey, hey

Spoonie was a rookie that was new on the scene
Used to be a thug now he's doin it clean
Ironic he was coppin and they gave him the spot
Knew Butter back from Hollis used to chill on the block
Seen Butter round the way with a brand new Benz
Gina lookin pretty in the city with friends
Spoonie's sayin yo I gotta get these ends
And these are the two I gotta apprehend
A big boy from Hollis promised not to tell
And lead these cops on a long long trail
Spoonie saw Gina and the chick turned pale
Runnin sayin somethin like she don't got bail
Butter said promise me I won't see jail
Spoonie want a watch and a brand new cell
Butter and Gina moved to Pensacola
Spoonie got a Roley and a Motorola
You might also like w/ variations

All I can say is about the story
Is livin like Butter Love is not for me
Let me show you how we get the money legit
Jack B. Nimble was nimble, and he was quick
Rev. Run, D.M.C. is the +Kings of Rock+
Rolled to the top and then we never did drop
You still here to jam me in two thousand and one
Then me and D'll take the money and run
 - 2X w/ variations

Hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey
Hey, hey, hey - that's what I sayEmbed
(Let's)
Yo
(Stay together)
DMC, my man, the place to be
(Whether, whether)
Yo, this song's dedicated
To all those who been down with each other since day one
(Good or bad, happy or sad)
Check it out, let's keep it together

Now we been all around the world from the corner of the block
To the top of the world and back
Put a Roley on the ave ain't nobody ever have
And a brand new jet black Cadillac
You been down since day one and no matter where I go
People wanna see you next to me
They say what's up with D
I used to jam all across the land, the Coliseum, even MSG
When raise hell, quick as hell in the shells
And then bust your tail after every show
We were just giving the mike, living the life
Of MTV and the radio
And so you, J, and me since eighty-three
Been living and sticking together like a family
And no matter what the rumors be
It's guaranteed that I'm for you and you for me
So
You might also like
Let's (let's)
Let's stay together (together)
Loving you whether (whether)
Whether (whether)
Times are good or bad, happy or sad

Yo, now I'm up on the mike
Can't touch my love for my wife
Baby I ain't going nowhere
Especially the way you smile when you have my child
And when I rock the crowd can't wait to be right there
Even my kids that ain't yours still yours
Cause you love 'em and you treat 'em like your very own
We be holding hands and I be holding doors
And with my mother-in-law spend time alone
Call about five hundred times a day
When I'm off and gone cause I'm on the road
And when I'm on the phone you know I wanna be home
Cause that's the one and only spot where I really belong
You know I love calling you the preacher's wife
With the keys to the Bentley living it up
And everybody would know, done seen us in the video
On the dance floor straight cutting it up
I love you baby
Let's (let's)
Let's stay together (together)
Loving you whether (whether)
Whether (whether)
Times are good or bad, happy or sad
To me you mean the world
No matter what it is you say
I always will be there for you
So no, no matter what
Let's stay together
Through the good, bad, happy or sad
(2X)
Let's (let's)
Let's stay together (together)
Loving you whether (whether)
Whether (whether)
Times are good or bad, happy or sad
Ain't no reason to leave nobody you love
Best thing in life is to have somebody
So keep it together
(Good or bad, happy or sad)Embed
Unemployment at a record high
People coming, people going, people born to die
Don't ask me, because I don't know why
But it's like that, and that's the way it is

People in the world tryin to make ends meet
You try to ride car, train, bus, or feet
I said you got to work hard, you want to compete
It's like that, and that's the way it is
Huh!

Money is the key to end all your woes
Your ups, your downs, your highs and your lows
Won't you tell me the last time that love bought you clothes?
It's like that, and that's the way it is
Bills rise higher every day
We receive much lower pay
I'd rather stay young, go out and play
It's like that, and that's the way it is
Huh!
Wars going on across the sea
Street soldiers killing the elderly
Whatever happened to unity?
It's like that, and that's the way it is
You might also likeDisillusion is the word
That's used by me when I'm not heard
I just go through life with my glasses blurred
It's like that, and that's the way it is
Huh!
You can see a lot in this lifespan
Like a bum eating out of a garbage can
You noticed one time he was your man
It's like that (what?) and that's the way it is
You should have gone to school, you could've learned a trade
But you laid in the bed where the bums have laid
Now all the time you're crying that you're underpaid
It's like that (what?) and that's the way it is
Huh!
One thing I know is that life is short
So listen up homeboy, give this a thought
The next time someone's teaching why don't you get taught?
It's like that (what?) and that's the way it is
If you really think about it times aren't that bad
The one that flexes with successes will make you glad
Stop playing start praying, you won't be sad
It's like that (what?) and that's the way it is
Huh!
When you feel you fail sometimes it hurts
For a meaning in life is why you search
Take the bus or the train, drive to school or the church
It's like that, and that's the way it is
Here's another point in life you should not miss
Do not be a fool who's prejudiced
Because we're all written down on the same list
It's like that (what?) and that's the way it is
Huh!
You know it's like that, and that's the way it is
Because it's like that, and that's the way it is
(Repeat these lines til fade)7Embed
Hard times spreading just like the flu
Watch out homeboy, don't let it catch you
P-p-p-prices go up, don't let your pocket go down
When you got short money you're stuck on the ground
Turn around, get ready, keep your eye on the clock
And be on point for the future shock

Hard times
Hard times

Hard times are coming to your town
So stay alert, don't let them get you down
They tell you times are tough, you hear that times are hard
But when you work for that ace you know you pulled the right card
Hard times got our pockets all in chains
I'll tell you what, homeboy, it don't have my brain
All day I have to work at my peak
Because I need that dollar every day of the week

Hard times
Hard times
You might also like
Hard times can take you on a natural trip
So keep your balance, and don't you slip
Hard times is nothing new on me
I'm gonna use my strong mentality
Like the cream of the crop, like the crop of the cream
B-b-b-beating hard times, that is my theme
Hard times in life, hard times in death
I'm gonna keep on fighting to my very last breath

Hard times
Hard times
Hard times
Hard times
Hard times
Hard times2Embed
Listen to the Jam Master as he starts to rock
His name is Jay and he's on his way
To be the best DJ in the US of A
J-a-y are the letters of his name
Cutting and scratching are the aspects of his game
So check out the Master as he cuts these jams
And look at us with the mics in our hands
Then take a count, 1 2 3
Jam Master Jay, Run-D.M.C
He's Jam Master Jay, the big beat blaster
He gets better cause he knows he has to
In '84 he'll be a little faster
And only practice makes a real Jam Master
We're live as can be but we're not singing the blues
We got to tell all y'all the good news
The good news is that there is a crew
Not 5, not 4, not 3, just 2
2 MC's who are claiming the fame
And all other things won't be the same
Beacause it's about time for a brand new group
Run-D.M.C. to put you up on the scoop
We make the fly girls scream in ecstacy
We rock the freshest rhymes at a party
We put all the fellas in a daze
It's everyone that we amaze
And we got the master of a disco scratch
There's not a break that he can't catch
Jam Master Jay that is his name
And all wild DJ's he will tame
Behind the turntables is where he stands
Then there is the movement of his hands
So when asked who's the best, y'all should say:
"Run-D.M.C. and Jam Master Jay"
You might also likeJam Master Jay is the one in charge
It's up to him to rock beats that are truly large
He is the master of the scratch and cut
So move your arms, so move your legs
So won't you move your butt
We're not talking ground, we're not talking sky
We're not talking low, we're not talking high
We're not talking big, we're not talking small
We want all of the people on off the wall
We're not talking night, we're not talking day
But we're talking bout Jam Master Jay1Embed
Run-D.M.C
Live for you, fresh


For all you sucker MCs perpetratin' a fraud
Your rhymes are cold wack and keep the crowd cold bored
You're the kind of guy that girl ignored
I'm drivin' a Caddy, you fixin' a Ford
My name is Joseph Simmons, but my middle name's Ward
And when I'm rockin' on the mic, you should all applaud
Because we're wheelin', dealin', we got a funny feelin'
We rock from the floor up to the ceilin'
We groove it, you move it, it has been proven
We calm the savage beast because our music is soothin'
We create it, relate it, and often demonstrate it
We'll diss a sucker MC, make the other suckers hate it
We're risin', suprisin', and often hypnotizin'
We always tell the truth and then we never slip no lies in
No curls, no braids peasy-head and still get paid
Jam Master cut the record up and down and cross-fades
You might also like
Because the rhymes I say sharp as a nail
Witty as can be and not for sale
Always funky fresh, could never be stale
Took a test to become an MC and didn't fail
I couldn't wait to demonstrate
All the super def rhymes that I create
I'm a wizard of a word, that's what you heard
And anything else is quite absurd
I'm the master of a mic, that's what I say
And if I didn't say that, you'd say it any way
Bust into the party, come in the place
See the first things come, the music in your face
Girls on the walls, some on the floor
With the DJ named Jay with the cuts galore
So listen to this because it can't be missed
And you can't leave 'til you're dismissed
You can do anything that you want to
But you can't leave until we're through
So relax your body and your mind
And listen to us say this rhyme, hey
You might think that you have waited
Long enough 'til the rhyme was stated
But if it were a test it would be graded
With a grade that's not debated
Nothing too deep and nothing dense
And all our rhymes make a lot of sense
So move your butt to the cut
Run amok, you're not in a rut
Each and everybody out there, we got the notion
We want to see y'all all in motion
Just shake, wiggle, jump up and down
Move your body to the funky sound
Side to side, back and forth
We're the two MCs and we're gonna go off
Stand in place, walk or run
Tap your feet, you'll be on the one
Just snap your fingers and clap your hands
Our DJ's better than all these bands
Huh
We got all the lines and all the rhymes
We don't drop dimes and we don't do crimes
We bake a little cake with Duncan Hines
And never wear the pants they call the Calvin Kleins
'Cause Calvin Klein's no friend of mine
Don't want nobody's name on my behind
Lee on my legs, sneakers on my feet
D by my side and Jay with the beat (Beat)

Jay, Jay, Jay, Jay, uh, uh
We don't stop
Don't, don't stop (Jay)
One, one, two, two, three, three
The, the Hollis, Hollis crew, crew
For, for, for, for, for the love now
Cool T now, hah, hah
My man, my man
My, my man Jam Master
In, in his place to be (Jay, Jay, Jay, Jay, Jay)
The big beat blaster
Wailin', straight up rap
Countin' green
All the way live
Re-Remember you don't stop
And, and, and, and you don't stop
R-R-Rock, rock the spot
Stick 'em and you don't stop, hah (Stick 'em)
Run rocks it well, huh, well, well
A-with the clientele
Krush Groove (Young ladies in the place)
We're-We're, we're-we're (Bass)
We're-we're, we're-we're in the hottest place
Ha (Cold Crush), so Larry
Homeboys
Now we're talkin' autographs
Talkin' autographs and autographs
Fly girls in the place
Homeboys
Hollis Crew7Embed
DJ's and MC's, coming up next is the one and only
Incredible, Jam Master
Yo, back up off the ropes, punk

Beats to the rhyme, of the rhyme I just made
Party at the jammie til lights the night fade
Trooping for the feature we all get paid
So let's go

Yo! D that's me, the King, the MC
Rhyme get mine on the t-o-p
Can another MC ever **** with me? (Hell no!)

It's like the A the B to the C
It's easier than (1, 2, 3)
(He's Jam Master Jay, I'm D.M.C.)
So hit it Run!
It's time for we to cease (So what?)
So rhymers speak your peace
Why? Cause you can't touch (Jam Master Jay)
Cause he's number (1, 2, 3, 4, hit it)
(Let's dance) to the rhythm, the rhyme, the cold flow
Chance that I gave em is done I told yo
For these routines like 1983
It's just a little reminder
So those suckas is kinder
A little message from (Run-D.M.C.)
You might also like
Cuts for days will amaze and maze
But will make you sad to tan all the dance aways
Got the mic, the man, the master plan
But the ram, the jam
(Know I am?) Goddamn!
Spins he wins, clocking endless ends
To his friends he lends, lotta joy he sends
Jay lose today, this is what I say
(Dick in your mouth all day)

My beats were played and laid rhymes made
Jay DJ'ed and I got paid
Made something out of nothing (Yo D that's true)
Yes my brother I would do it for you
I roam in the zone of the microphone
And I'm on the throne but I'm not alone
Got bones of steel and not of stone
I'm known to be prone and make your momma moan

Time for the rhyme so let the stars shine
Shame for the fame and the name combined
Run for the fun but you can gimme your ring
Show I gotta go so now a word from the King
Hardcore, rhymes galore, giving you more
And like I said before...
Beats to the rhyme the name of this jam
D that's me and that's who I am
Rocking on the mic cause you know I can
You gotta understand I don't give a damn!

Jay here to play today, I must say
Arranged in the way that is A-OK
As we wax the tracks all the DJ's play
With (dick in your mouth)
A little (dick in your mouth)
A big (dick in your mouth all day)2Embed
Now papa don't give a damn, or say, "Thank you, ma'am"
Eatin filet mignon, lobster tails and crab
He eats the finest FOOD, he ain't the kindest DUDE
And then to put it to you straight he's CRAZY LAZY AND RUDE
His temper's boiling hot, whether you like him or not
Not to mention bout his mansion and his big ol' yacht
He never gave me a dime or even spent, some time
And that's why I had to co-write this rhyme about..
Chorus: Jam Master scratch "papa was", Run-D.M.C. "papa crazy", "crazy" (2X)

Now papa livin like a rich man, up on the hill
Yeah my daddy got a Caddy funky fresh Seville
He got diamonds AND FURS, for his AND HERS
And a cat, in the hat that just, chills and purrs
Now he eats and grubs, and rocks beats at clubs
While mama makin nothin while she sweeps, and rubs
You wanna know about his dough, how he got paid
Well the last, THAT ASKED, got sprayed, AND LAID, because..
Chorus
{interlude}
You might also like
Papa hang with CRAZY people CRAZY times of the night
Runnin round with CRAZY women but but that's alright, because..
Chorus

Yo Run my papa was CRAZY, crazy as can be
And my mama said that he left ME when I was three
But my mama never told me he was out of his mind
Drinkin wine, all the time, never earnin a dime
He didn't care where he slept, or where his clothes were kept
He was so in debt somebody broke his neck
And on the day that papa died, they wrote on his grave
That "Papa died a bum, but he died brave," because..
Chorus
{ad libs to last 25 seconds, music eventually ends}Embed
Here's a story of a guy, who used to be fly
He never would steal, he never would lie
The type of person money could not buy
Thought he be that way until the day he DIED!

MAAAAAAN, he met this girl, made his head swirl
To him she was worth more than diamonds 'n pearls
But she wasn't like all the other girls
Because she was only out, to crush his world!

He didn't care what his friends, had to say
'Cause he had to see the girl, everyday
He quit his work, his J-O-B
And he gotta lose his touch with his family

HEEEEEEE would lie for herrr, cold die for herrr
Did nothing in the world wouldn't try for herrr (yeah)
Get ill for herrr, he'd steal for herrr
There's nothing in the world he wouldn't DEAL for herrr

He sold his car, stole a VCR
So low on dough, he went and robbed a bar
He lost everything, he had nuttin to LOSE
For staying wit this girl, he was paying his dues
You might also like
Well he tried to leave, but the love was strong
He shouldn't have stayed with T'HER so long

Now What's Going On? He sings the sad song
What was right in his life, has now gone wrong
He said, I got to leave, for a day or two
But on the very next day he said, "I need you
I can't live without you, and you know this true
'cause my love for you just grew and grew"
So he took her home, she took him back
They made so much love, he caught a heart attack
She drove him to his grave, that's where he's at
AND THE GIRL THAT KILLED HIM IS A GIRL CALLED CRACKEmbed
(Get up)
(Wake up) (wake up)
(Get up)
(Wake up)
When I woke up this morning and got out the bed
I had some really fresh thoughts going through my head
They were the thoughts that came from a wonderful dream
It was the vision of a world working as a team
It was a dream (get up)
Just a dream (wake up), (wake up) (get up)
There were no guns, no what
No tanks, no what, atomic bombs
And to be frank homeboy there were no arms
Just people, working hand in hand
There was a feeling of peace all across the land
It was a dream (wake up)
Just a dream (get up) (wake up) (wake up)
Between all countries there were good relations
There finally was a meaning to united nations
And everybody had an occupation
'Cause we all worked together to fight starvation
You might also likeIt was a dream (wake up)
Just a dream (wake up) (get up)
Everyone was treated on an equal basis
No matter what colors, religions or races
We weren't afraid to show our faces
It was cool to chill in foreign places
It was a dream (get up)
Just a dream (wake up) (wake up) (get up)
(Wake up) (wake up) (get up) (wake up)
All cities of the world were renovated
And the people all chilled and celebrated
They were all so happy and elated
To live in the world that they created
It was a dream (get up)
Just a dream (wake up) (wake up) (get up)
There were no street people, we live rent free
And every single person had a place to be
A job, a home and the perfect pay
And the world was free of greed and hate
It was a dream (wake up)
Just a dream (get up) (wake up) (wake up)
Unemployment was at a record low
And the presidents were chillin at our show
Listening to the things that we had to say
And trying to create a new and brighter day
It was a dream (wake up)
Just a dream (wake up)
It was a dream (get up)
Just a dream (wake up)
It was a dream (wake up)
Just a dream (get up)
It was dream (wake up)
Just a dream  (wake up)
(Get up) (wake up) (wake up)
(Get up) (wake up) (wake up)
(Get up) (wake up) (wake up)
(Get up) (wake up) (wake up)Embed
Unconceivable, unbelievable
Grammar like a hammer information receivable
Sent by the Lord, here and abroad
With words well adored now they can't be ignored!

For-For-For-Force of course that makes Run the boss
So get lost because I just toss a punk
Make way today and if I may I say
I make pay with Jay, so get away OKAY?
Gainin' weight, I ate the whole plate to date
Never rate the great, I go state to state
Just peep and keep but don't sleep or weep
Get deep to leap or I'll beep the Jeep
Put down the clown, get 'round the town
I found the sound and I'll pound the ground
Get paid and laid, not 'jayed or 'fraid
So I stayed and made, not a bad debate
Got a group to troop, with a shoop de shoop
Shoot hoop then scoop, on this loop to loop
Goin off and on, not soft of course
Just black and back to go back and forth
Go to school and cool, not drool or pool
Got soul and gold and cold hold a jewel
Upset the best, I met, met a jest
Just lest the pest, and I am the best
Got a punch to crunch, cold munch for lunch
Not Grady or the lady from the Brady Bunch
Got G's and Lees, like D's and T's
Charge B's to freeze, all MC's with ease
No dope to cope, just good to go
There's hope to Pope, big nope for nope
Quite clever and never, we're together forever
Run-D.M.C. and we're "Tougher Than Leather"
You might also like{*guitar solo*}

Strong and mighty, hard as can be
The perception of the life were as strong as D
Never frightened I'm writin, writin for what's right
Not schemin thievin in the night, I'm keepin with my mic
I got to go for broke, and I ain't no joke
I won't yoke and choke, 'cept the suckers I smoked
Bumrush and crush, leave 'em in the dust
I choose to bust the bust, the scums who mess with us
Only strong survive, and the weak will die
As long as I'm alive I keep my head up high
Because I'm strong in body, and smart in mind
I was born to rhyme, as a gift to mankind
No punk or chump, never givin no slack
We'll be killin a villain and like chillin, "Yo black!"
I'm not a bum, I'm not dumb, it's me you run from
I'm the king I do my things until my Kingdom Come!
{*guitar solo*}

Cause I'm
Rough and tough, cold huff and puff
Don't bluff the stuff, got enough to muff
Go long and on, no longer song
Go on and on just for past the dawn
Put preach and teach, with a speech to reach
All streets and each, with beats for treats
Got the King Supreme, may seem the clean
With a beat and a ring, no dream machine
Not a gang to bang, out to hang with slang
Talking yang and tang, about everythang
Just brothers and others, like fathers and mothers
Who discovered they love us that think they're up and above us
No crime or time, just rhyme and I'm
Full grown and own, no phone or dime
Just cut the stuff, til you get enough
Cause we're rougher than tougher and rougher tougher than tough!
{*guitar solo*}

Ah with a voice like thunder, words of wonder
Over all standin tall and the suckers fall under
Posessed with power, cowards will cower
Ducks we devour hour hour after hour
Three man riot, you can't deny it
We're so ill that you can't defy it
Gonna live, POSITIVE, forever, AND EVER
Run-D.M.C. and we're "Tougher Than Leather"3Embed
Two years ago, a friend of mine
Asked me to say some MC rhymes
So I said this rhyme I'm about to say
The rhyme was Def a-then it went this way
Took a test to become an MC
And Orange Krush became amazed at me
So Larry put me inside his Cadillac
The chauffeur drove off and we never came back
Dave cut the record down to the bone
And now they got me rockin' on the microphone
And then we talkin autograph, and cheers and laugh
Champagne caviar, and bubble bath
But see ahh, ah that's the life, ah that I lead
And you sucker MC's is who I please
So take that and move back catch a heart attack
Because there's nothin in the world, that Run'll ever lack
I cold chill at a party in a b-boy stance
And rock on the mic and make the girls wanna dance
Fly like a Dove, that come from up above
I'm rockin' on the mic and you can call me Run-Love

I got a big long Caddy not like a Seville
And written right on the side it reads 'Dressed to Kill'
So if you see me cruisin' girls just a-move or step aside
There ain't enough room to fit you all in my ride
It's on a, ah first come, first serve basis
Coolin' out girl, take you to the def places
One of a kind and for your people's delight
And for you sucker MC, you just ain't right
Because you're bitin' all your life, you're cheatin' on your wife
You're walkin' round town like a hoodlum with a knife
You're hangin' on the ave, chillin with the crew
And everybody know what you've been through
You might also like
Ah with the one two three, three to two one
My man Larry Larr, my name DJ Run
We do it in the place with the highs and the bass
I'm rockin' to the rhythm won't you watch it on my face
Go Uptown and come down to the ground
You sucker MC's, you sad-faced clown
You a five-dollar boy and I'm a-million dollar man
Youse a sucker MC, and you're my fan
You try to bite lines, but rhymes are mine
Youse a sucker MC in a pair of Calvin Kleins
Comin' from the wackest, part of town
Tryin to rap up but you can't get down
You don't even know your English, your verb, or noun
You're just a sucker MC, you sad-faced clown
So D.M.C. and if you're ready
The people rockin' steady
You're drivin' big cars get your gas from Getty

I'm D.M.C., in the place to be
I go to St. John's University
And since kindergarten I acquired the knowledge
And after 12th grade I went straight to college
I'm light-skinned, I live in Queens
And I love eatin' chicken and collard greens
I dress to kill, I love the style
I'm an MC you know who's versatile
Say I got good credit in your regards
Got my name not numbers on my credit cards
I go Uptown, I come back home
With who? Me, myself, and my microphone
All my rhymes are sweet delight
So here's another one for y'all to bite
When I rhyme, I never quit
And if I got a new rhyme I'll just say it
'Cause it takes a lot, to entertain
And sucker MC's can be a pain
You can't rock a party with the hip in hop
You gotta let 'em know you'll never stop
The rhymes have to make a lot of sense
You got to know where to start when the beats commence11Embed
And then she made a pass at my homeboy D
I said she's movin fast, she's lookin at me
MISS ELAINE!
She's a crazy lady, she may be insane
She always call me baby, but that's not my name
Hey those kisses that she gave me, I just can't explain
MISS ELAINE!
	MISS ELAINE!  WAS HER NAME!
	MISS ELAINE!  WAS HER NAME!
She walked into the class with an aim for the day
Elaine had a game and I was willing to play
She said if I was down, she'd give me an A
MISS ELAINE!
Yo, my class is breakin fool, she sent them all home
She kept me after school, yeah me all alone
I follow all the rules, but I should have known
MISS ELAINE!
	MISS ELAINE!  WAS HER NAME!
	MISS ELAINE!  WAS HER NAME!
You might also likeAhhhhhhhh...
{*guitar solo*}
Try to go to school, keep my head on the books
My teacher's kinda cool, give the dirtiest looks
All my friends want a hook-up, but nobody hooks
MISS ELAINE!
Yo, I go for what I know, and I get what I get
It's gettin rather frantic, people say I'm a pet
She's makin me a winner and I'm glad that I met
MISS ELAINE!
	MISS ELAINE!  WAS HER NAME!
	M_M_M_M_M_MISS ELAINE!  MISS ELAINE!
Ahhhhhhh, make it funky nowEmbed
“Mary, Mary!” Why ya buggin’?
“Mary, Mary!” I need ya huggin’

Had a fly girl Flo, called her honey
Next thing she spent up all my money
Had me in debt, you and your girl’s dizzy
Stopped movin’ crack, but you’re still gettin’ pissy
You could call me everyday God sent
Like you was Lois Lane and I was Clark Kent
I spend and I spend and you spent and you spent
Now my house with a mouse is a roach with a tent

“Mary, Mary!” Why ya buggin’?
“Mary, Mary!” I need ya huggin’

Mary-Mary-Mary, you cold thumb suckin’
Lookin’ for you, but you keep duckin’
I wanna find you, I gotta tell you somethin’
So just be quiet and don’t say (Nuttin’)
Mary-Mary-Mary, why you out there stuntin’?
Supposed to be with me, but not you’re frontin’
We started out new, you used to be true
Now you’re buggin’, what’s wrong with you?
You might also like
“Mary, Mary!” Why ya buggin’?
“Mary, Mary!” I need ya huggin’

Now! This girl Mary I knew so well
I met her on the road in a fly hotel
High on the heels and never failed
(Clubs and the pubs is where she dwelled)
Story about Mary was well to tell
She seemed to scheme for a dream to sell
She spent a night locked in a cell
I knew Mary well cause she “Raising Hell”

“Mary, Mary!” Why ya buggin’?
“Mary, Mary!” I need ya huggin’

It’s not Mary who was quite contrary
Talkin’ bout Mary who was always in a hurry
The things she needed were necessary
She did not need a busted cherry
True and blue just like a blueberry
Ask if she’s crazy and I’ll say very
Livin’ in a house that’s out on the prairie
I worry about Mary, cause Mary is scary
“Mary, Mary!” Why ya buggin’?
“Mary, Mary!” I need ya huggin’
“Mary, Mary!” Why ya buggin’?
“Mary, Mary!” I need ya huggin’
“Mary, Mary!” Why ya buggin’?4Embed
Many of our people..
Stealing..
Gambling..
Many of our people turn to..

Crime, time, nah I get mine
Climb, do fine, wine and just dine
Make, break, ill and just take
Fate for God sake a break is at stake
Crack, wack, smack you right back
In fact you might last to jack if I crack
Cry, lie, do or just die
Live positive and give, but that's why "I'm not.."
(cuts:
"going" .. "out, out out" .. "like that", "I'm not!!"
"going" .. "out, out out" .. "like that" (like like, like..)
"going" .. "out, out out" .. "like that", "I'm not!!"
"going" .. "out, out out" .. "like that!")

Dee the King me, and you knew it
I brace MCing, so get to it
You want to flaunt and talk, and you're tryin'
To taunt and want and want, cause you're dyin'
Your place, race, chase, and I seen it
And now, child, bow, and I mean it
I came, saw, kicked, and you saw it
The crowd, proud and loud, and all for it
Grimacin' is wrong, so don't do it
We invented the song, and you blew it
I knew the time was right, so I wrote it
Here's the hook, look, so just quote it "I'm not.."
You might also like(cuts:
"going" .. "out, out out" .. "like that", "I'm not!!"
"going" .. "out, out out" .. "like that"
"going" .. "out, out out" .. "like that", "I'm not!!"
"going" .. "out, out out" .. "like that!")

Comin' off, time and time, and that's whether
You, your crew, knew, whatever
I did, done, do, I'm this clever
I come again and win, and you'll never
See a man like me, your idol
So joke, smoke, toke, but this title
The rhyme is mine, fine, and so vital
It's time for me to rock, my recital
Gonna tell you about a groove, that's comin'
From the heart in part, and just one in
A million, or you, will be bummin'
So check the time, the rhyme, that comes from it
Inside your brain, remain, so just keep it
Plain, sane, refrain, so just peep it
Look, see it, check, but never stop it
The hook, comes, next, so Jay drop it! "I'm not.."
(cuts:
"going" .. "out, out out" .. "like that", "I'm not!!"
"going" .. "out, out out" .. "like that" (like like, like..)
"going" .. "out, out out" .. "like that", "I'm not!!"
"going" .. "out, out out" .. "like that!")
Gotta go Joe you know, to the T-O, P
And see Dee, you know, we know
The way today I say, I'm not a Leo
The King is Dee and Jay, he score ??
That's left to smile a while, keep grinnin'
This past style, is wild, and I'm winnin'
Roll, stroll, control, and I'm coolin'
The King of Rock and Roll, and I'm rulin'
I rhyme, shock and stop, and I'm droppin'
I pop hip-hop, I'm hip-hoppin'
Receive a G, believe while I'm throwin'
It's D.M.C. it's me, I'm not goin "I'm not.."
(cuts:
"going" .. "out, out out" .. "like that", "I'm not!!"
"going" .. "out, out out" .. "like that" (like like, like..)
"going" .. "out, out out" .. "like that", "I'm not!!"
"going" .. "out" ..  "like, like-like that!")

Must, crush, us, you gotta
Take, us, out, we're hotter
Team, is, mean, a lot of
Work, involved, we're smarter
Dee, Jay, Run, no jokin'
Hot, as, Hell, we're smokin'
Punks, rumps, chumps, we're yokin'
News, is, crews, are chokin'
Out, like, that, not goin'
In, like, men, we're growin'
Chance, to, dance, not blowin'
Go, to, show, don't roll in
Don't, you, know, we're stayin'
Here, to, show, not playin'
Here's, the, jam, respect it
Time, to, end, THIS RECORD! "I'm not.."
(cuts:
"going" .. "out, out out" .. "like that", "I'm not!!"
"going" .. "out, out out" .. "like that" (like like, like..)
"going" .. "out, out out" .. "like that", "I'm not!!"
"going" .. "out, out out" .. "like that!")
{​*beat and ad lib scratches to end*}​3Embed
Yeah, one two one two
And I say
As we let the music play
This is dedicated to Runny Ray
From all the homeboys around the way
So def it won't get an F
Jay receives an A for his essay
Spins til you're dizzy
Born to get busy
Is he the Jam Master?
Isn't he, or is he?
And my name is D.M.C
The K-I-N-G
The car that I drive is called a Caddy
The drink that I drink is called O.E
And I wear my glasses so I can see
My homeboy right next to me
His name is DJ Run
Shoots a gift like a gun
Slays suckers one by one
Rather chill than kill
Cause the killing's no fun
So together forever
Crew be tougher than leather
We gonna slay the bad ones
Until there are none
You might also like
Run-D.M.C.'s award nominee
The K-I-N-G's of all M-I-C's
Like Hercules, with rhymes like these
Never crackin not lackin and I still pull G's

Well I ah, impress the bad, suggest the rad
Who be less when they 'fess, against the test

And I insist that this, with a flick of the wrist
Will be kid not dissed at the top of the list

So go a-head, and stand, check out the man
With a clan, never ran, and in demand
 So just a
 Bust a rhyme
 It's a must cause I'm
 Funky fresh, in the flesh AND YOU KNOW THE TIME
 Why don't ya, bust it son
 Cause I'm number one
 Just do it, pursue it
 Hit it Run!
Yo I'm flowin and showin rocks knots and shockin the mind
I'm only chillin and killin, so won't you check out the rhyme
Meetin greatin and seatin, suckers all in a row
Crashin mashin and bashin, my name is Run, call me Joe
Fat as ever and clever, and never second to none
Wearin leather and better (What's your name?)  DJ Run
But in the summer's a bummer, cause I leave em at home
Just Adidas and me, and ? and D on the phone
Diggin eyein the crown, sellin skills by the pound
Makin breakin and takin all of the suckers around
Puttin fear in the heart, at the top of the chart
Stunning gunning and funning, cause Run's running this art
DJ's facing the rage, never losing a show
Cause when the set is a match, then they're ready to go
Swervin curvin deservin, the grass grow everyday
Cause makin money ain't funny, ain't that right JMJ?

Full in effect, set comin correct
Yet gainin respect, still breakin a neck

I'm coolin and chillin, not foolin with illin
On the mission it's thrillin, and I'll make a killin
My higher desire, go high and then fly ya
Makes me the messiah, I'll neve rretire
I'm spankin and bankin, high rankin and skankin
Improvising, suprising, I'm rising and flaking
My boys on the side, the front and the back
A Cadillac and a stack, for the King Darryl Mack
Not workin for free, pocket full with a G
And they always ask me, D.M.C., "How'd ya do it Dee?"
On the go with Joe, makin pay with Jay
All day, WHY?  Cause I'm livin that way
One wonders, WHAT?  How it gets done
I hear questions, FROM WHO?  From everyone
I'm cool.. I broke the rule
Breakin all but laws, when I break fool
Cause I'm the man.. that was born to rule
Every girl in the world, and make them drool
It's easy to be, it's easy to D
It's easy to G, it's easy to me
Wanna know how I do it, got a goal, I pursue it
Got the soul, to get to it, you was told, so you knew it
The answers, from questions, I'm tellin to thee
Cause they always ask me, D.M.C., "How'd ya do it Dee?"Embed
Run-D.M.C., the Kings of Queens
And we in this month's Penthouse, Magazine
You can find out things that you never knew
About Run-D.M.C. in the April issue

Like, I was a kid, this is what I did
I grabbed a Penthouse, and then I hid
I peeked at the pictures, but never knew

There are a lot of def articles to read, too

You'll find out in our interview
About what is a lie, and what is true
So now I read it, instead of just look it
You know you'll need it, to know what's cookin
So grab your April Penthouse, and put it in your hands

It's available now at your favorite newsstand, RRRR-AHH!

Also, in the April issue of Penthouse
A special edition of Four Magazine, absolutely free!You might also likeEmbed
I, woke up this morning got ready to roll
Put on my green bomber it was, freezing cold
Applied long johns with Adidas not matching
I called up Jam Master 'cause I knew he was scratching
(What up?) Jay to the telly music, loud as hell
He said, "Hold up Run, (ding-dong) it's the bell!"
Jay to the door as he leaves the cut
For his eyes a surprise, "D.M.C. whats up?"

I need a little help Jay, I got a little problem
A guy like yourself, maybe you can help me solve 'em
I only want to know why this happens all the time (What?)
Everywhere I go, I start to rap and rhyme
I rock them in the day (Yeah you rock 'em every night)
I rock em when I left so def I knew something was wrong (Alright)
I rhyme when I am sleeping, I rhyme when I'm awake
When I was nine I said a rhyme by putting candles on my cake

I just came from the bank (You said a rhyme?) a rhyme so funny
A song about the line so long they all gave me their money
That's why I came to you, you're my friend (Yes that is true)
Said maybe Jay knows what to say, he'll tell me what to do
Hm, yo you go get Joe, and all the rhymes you made
And we'll go to the bank, and we call get paid!
You might also like
Cruisin down the block, in the sixty-six Olds
Girls are on the jock like the ride was a Rolls
Feelin' kinda great, got change for the toll
Suckers gotta wait, that's your fate, poor soul
Heard you on the records and I heard you on the tapes
Stop! Switch the conversation over to grapes, because
You're not bustin' none, so stop fussin' son
You're not down with Rush, they call us Russ and Run
Since that's the company, you won't be chumpin' me
Here's the man, ask that fan (Run big brother D!)1Embed
We have (“Say what?”) a whole lot of superstars on this stage here tonight, but I want y’all to know one thing, this is my house. And when I say who’s house, y’all know what time it is

Whose house? (“Say what?”)
Run’s house

Ah, once again my friend, not a trend for then
They said, rap was crap, but never had this band
Till the ruler came with a cooler name
Made ya dance and prance and drove the fans insane
Name is Run my son, number one for fun
Not a gun, that’s done, and get done by none
The other act, in fact, ya just wack I kill (Why?)
It’s fun, my son, and Run heads the bill

Whose house? (“Say what?”)
Run’s house (“Say what?”)
Whose house? (“Say what?”)
Run’s house (“Say what?”)

I’m in the house y’all
I’m in the house y’all
And this is how D.M.C. will turn it out y’all
I’m in the house y’all
I’m in the house y’all
And this is what D.M.C. be about y’all
You might also like
Well my name is DMC, the all-time great (great)
I bust the most rhymes in New York state (state)
Reporters clock (clock), producers jock (jock)
They want to be down with the ki-i-ing
The wanted man (man) from the wanted clan (clan)
Wanted by every fan (fan) across the land (land)
Not a G.A.N.G. off the street (street)
(R-U-N-D-M-C complete!)

Whose house? (“Say what?”)
Run’s house (“Say what?”)
Whose house? (“Say what?”)
Run’s house (“Say what?”)

“Run—Run—Run-Run-Run—Run”
“Run—Run—Run-Run-Run”

Get on the mic and (MC)

Another time I take for the rhyme I make
Make me mad and sad, because the fad is fake
See I do this thing, so come pursue this king
One minor rhyme is all you just bring
Cause I’m the best I’m def, ask the rest they left
That’s my name, my game, and we don’t need the ref
So get the booze you lose and suckas close your mouth
I set a trap for rap thats crap, it’s Run’s house
Whose house? (“Say what?”)
Run’s house (“Say what?”)
Whose house? (“Say what?”)
Run’s house (“Say what?”)

Some underestimate and miscalculate
My intent to create what I call the great
Till I make a song (song) that I prove ‘em wrong (wrong)
See my song so strong it’ll make em come along (long)
Come in the door (door), get on the floor (floor)
Hard rock hard hitting hip hop hardcore (core)
Causing casualties and catastrophes
And tragedies for the suck emcees
Using strategies to get the best of me
You dirty rat emcees, whoever you may be
You need to go down south (south)
You need to shut your mouth (mouth)
It’s all about no doubt, just shout, cause we turn it out

Whose house? (“Say what?”)
Run’s house (“Say what?”)
Whose house? (“Say what?”)
Run’s house (“Say what?”)
“Say what? Say what?”
“Say what? Say what?”
“Say what?”1Embed
Yeah! Now that I waxed the crowd, I’m feeling proud and loud
Shoulda screamed on a sucker, but I stepped and bowed
Now that I’m back to ‘tract, I’ll attack for fun
Darryl Mack and  is never wack or lack they call us

Run-D– Run-D– Run-D– Run-D– MC
Run-D– Run-D–D– Run-D— Run-D– MC

I’m strapped with rap when I attack, I’m stunning
Darrly Mack on track and I’m off, and running
Don’t sneak this peak, because I keep on taking
The lead with speed, and records keep on breaking
I pop and drop, all op-position
And pop Hip-Hop, cause I’m the top, position
I ill and chill, cause my skill is super
For a mill I thrill, but I’m still a trooper
I’ll slay and stay ‘til there are none
So romance and dance and prance, a to the chants of

Run-D– Run-D– Run-D– Run-D– MC
Run-D– Run-D– Run-D– Run-D– MC
Run-D– Run-D– Run-D– Run-D– MC
Run-D– Run-D– Run-D– Run-D– MC
You might also like
Well I stomp and chomp, all com-petition
Make break and take you cold on a mission
Raise hell, excel, and tell you, who’s winning
I’m boss, you lost, before the game first inning
Let’s go and flow, to the rhymes, I’m saying
Cause it’s fun for Run to see the crowd obeying
Mic be checking I’m wrecking we’re never second to none
So let’s snap and clap and tap, to the to the rap of

Run-D– Run-D– Run-D– Run-D– MC
Run-D– Run-D– Run-D– Run-D– MC

I’m not the king, because (cause) I sell the most
I just bring the laws (laws), cause I’m the host
I got a crown I wear… So what it mean? I rule
I come to town they stare, cause D.M.C. is cool
 because, the crowd, is on it
Drop this beat and pause, the tables are turning
Break backs on track and I can even act
So max, relax, new jacks, and get the facts from

Run-D– Run-D– Run-D– Run-D– MC
Run-D– Run-D– Run-D– Run-D– MC
They call us on the phone, they call us all alone
They call us where we roam, they call us when we’re home
They call us up to par, they call us in our cars
They call us in the bars, they call us superstars
They call us…

Run-D– Run-D–D– Run-D– Run-D– MC
Run-D– Run-D–D– Run-D— Run-D– MC
Run–Run-D–D– MC
Run–Run-D–D– MC
Run–Run– MC– Run-Run-D– MC

“Run-D.M.C. and Jam Master Jay”2Embed
Radio station, on vacation
Wonder where Run was, damn be patient
Comin to the rescue, people won't let you
Forget about my DJ, and my crew
Pickin up the pieces, nephews and nieces
Chocolate in a peanut butter cup, called Reese's
Took a little break, for goodness sake
Gotta chill, get ill, cold fishin by the lake
Take a brain off rappin, 'member what happened
Listen reminisce and cold keep your foot tappin
Darryl and Joe cause the DJ's Jason
Hear no fear, dear radio station

Radio station, around the nation
Run, D, and Jason, made a dedication
To those listenin, we're not dissin em
Recording and rewarding so we won't be missin em
Keep on playin song, LP playin long
Jay, D, and Joe, keep the radio stayin on
I always say to Joe, turn on the radio
Jam Master Jay will know, that is the way to go
While Jay's DJin, I will be sayin
Rhymes that are playin, FM or AM
On hot rotation, a winning combination
AM, FM, music modulation
Rappin on the mic is my occupation
That's what I like, dear radio station
You might also like
AM, FM, thought that I left them
Back and exact never wack no more jetset
Run made a return, D makin me earn
Jay gotta play on the radio we burn
Hotter than a fire, kings going higher
Told you on the album, that require
To be tougher than, nobody rougher when
Run-D.M.C., throwin down like a bufferin'
Relieving all pain, receiving much gain
Remaining entertaining while we entertain
For the black white Chinese Spanish Indian Haitian
Hear no fear, dear radio station

D, Joe, Jason, radio station
Saw that, format, you be placin
Records, other than, Run, go cover and
Put em on your list, people hear and discover them
Take or break the tunes that make it
D gotta be on top and shake it
Keep on rockin it, ain't no stoppin
My alliance droppin science on the radio poppin it
One top ten again, Run's gonna win again
Jay's gonna spin again, on the FM again
I coulda and shoulda and woulda, wrote a letter
But a speech that'll reach the streets is much better!Embed
"I'm the.. I'm the.. I'm the.. I'm the.."
"I'm the king of.."  "ROCK AND ROLL!"
"I'm the king of.."  "ROCK AND ROLL!"
"I'm the king of.."  "ROCK", "I'm the king of.."  "ROCK"
"I'm the king of.."  "ROCK AND ROLL!"
"Soulllllll!"  "ROCK AND ROLL!"
"Soulllllll!"  "ROCK AND ROLL!"
"Soulllllll!"  "ROCK AND ROLL!"
 "ROCK"

Rock the house!
Gonna tell you bout a groove comin from the heart
Gonna make your body move, climbin up the chart
These ducks tryin to prove that you got the art
Better move better move better do your part
Get busy, get a job, stop messin around
Say isn't this fly, how can he get down?
Black bone to the hand givin up the hug
Crack known to the fans SAY NO TO DRUGS
Gotta lotta ambitions, as I was told
Now the heart stop wishin, 'fore you get old
Gotta speech and teach, reach for your goal
We the king here to bring with a lot of soul!
You might also like"I'm the king of.."  "ROCK AND ROLL!"
"I'm the king of.."  "ROCK AND ROLL!"
"I'm the king of.."  "ROCK", "I'm the king of.."  "ROCK"
"I'm the king of.."  "ROCK AND ROLL!"
 "I'm the king.."

That's crowned, to rule the sound
Fly world renowned, from town to town
My hat's my helmet, my mic's my sword
My bible's by the door so PRAISE THE LORD
Born a King, to rule this thing
Treats are the beats that battles bring
I can't be beat, I won't retreat
Victory is sweet, so I defeat
Like a slave I gave, the world I saved
This is the hated and ungrateful tool that's raised
Not to be cool, I rock and rule
I'm crowned with a jewel cause I'm down to duel
You bled from my blow, so know one thing
That you gotta be strong and as real as the KING
"I'm the king of.."  "ROCK AND ROLL!"
"I'm the king of.."  "ROCK AND ROLL!"
"I'm the king of.."  "ROCK", "I'm the king of.."  "ROCK"
"I'm the king of.."  "ROCK AND ROLL!"
 "I'm the king.."
KING, MEANS RATED SUPREME
FROM QUEENS, NEVER SELLIN OUR DREAM
IT'S D, JOE, THAT THEY DON'T KNOW
OUR TEAM YO, I AM A PRO
DON'T BELIEVE, ME, YOU CAN GO ASK JOE
OR GO TO SEE, DEE, NINE TIMES THE DOUGH
RAISE HELL, YELL, FOR ETERNITY
RUN-D.M.C., K-I-N-G!
"I'm the king of.."  "ROCK AND ROLL!"
"I'm the king of.."  "ROCK AND ROLL!"
"I'm the king of.."  "ROCK", "I'm the king of.."  "ROCK AND ROLL!"
"I'm the kiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiing OF ROCK!!!"Embed
Heard that they said that it's rainin' men
But the offer that I make, it won't be made again
You don't have to write, you don't have to call
It's a one-time offer for nothing at all

And there's no red tape, I don't make it hard
You don't need cash money or a Master Card
I got easy terms, and a lay-away
But I need a quick decision, and I need it today

And if you find that you don't like my ways
Well, you can send me back in 30 days

Now have you ever seen a man with a guarantee?
Well you're lookin at him now, 'cause the man is me
And if you don't believe all the things I say
I'm certified 'prime' by the USDA

Now the name that I use is DJ Run
And I'm a fast-talkin, slow-walkin, number one
And if you don't believe all the words I say
Then you're a natural born fool who's got to be that way
You might also like
I got a 50 rating and a 50 share
Every minute, every hour that I'm on the air
And when I come to town, I'm on a big marquee
It says (DJ Run) and me, D.M.C

And if you find that you don't like my ways
Well, you can send me back in 30 days

A good job and lots of money might not be enough
And to satisfy your needs it may be rough
But I'll take some care and treat you nice
And if it ain't sufficient once, I cold work it out twice

And if you find that you don't like my ways
Well, you can send me back in 30 days

I'm gonna give you everything that you ever need
If you need a pint of blood, then I'll even bleed
If you're lookin for a car, I will buy you two
And if you're lookin for a pet, I'll buy a kangaroo
If you need a vacation, we can fly the world
And you'll know I'll never look at another girl
I'm a single-minded man, and my mind is set
You're the lady of the '80s that I'm gonna get

And if you find you don't like my ways
Well, you can send me back in 30 days1Embed
Now there's a backseat lover that's always undercover
And I talk 'til my daddy say
Said, "You ain't seen nothing 'til you're down on a muffin"
"And there's sure to be a change in ways"
Now, there's a cheerleader that's a real big bleeder
As far as I can reminisce
But the best thing of loving was her sister and her cousin
And it started with a little kiss, like this

See-saw swinging with the boys in school
And her feet was flying up in the air
Singing, "Hey diddle diddle with the kitty in the middle"
And they swinging like it just don't care
So I took a big chance at the high school dance
With a lady who was ready to play
It wasn't me she was foolin' 'cause she knew what was she was doin'
When she told me how to walk this way
She told me to

Walk this way, talk this way
Walk this way, talk this way (She told me to)
Walk this way, talk this way
Walk this way, talk this way
Well, just gimme a kiss
Ooh, like this
You might also like
School girl sleazy with a classy kind of sassy
Little skirt hanging way up her knee
It was three young ladies in the school gym locker
And they found they were looking at D
I was a high school loser, never made it with a lady
'Til the boys told me something I missed
That my next door neighbor with a daughter had a favor
And I gave the girl a little kiss, like this

See-saw swinging with the boys in the school
With your feet flying up in the air
Singing, "Hey diddle diddle, with your kitty in the middle"
I was swinging like I didn't care
So I took a big chance at the high school dance
With a missy who was ready to play
Wasn't me she was foolin' when she knew what she was doin'
When she told me how to walk this way
She told me to

Walk this way, talk this way
Walk this way, talk this way (She told me to)
Walk this way, talk this way
Walk this way, talk this way
Well, just gimme some head
Like 