(Now here's a little something that needs to be heard)
Uncle Ricky, could you read us a bedtime story?
Please, huh, please?
All right, you kids get to bed, I'll get the storybook
Y'all tucked in? Yeah
Here we go

Once upon a time not long ago
When people wore pajamas and lived life slow
When laws were stern and justice stood
And people were behavin' like they ought to good
There lived a little boy who was misled
By another little boy and this is what he said
"Me and you, tonight we're gonna make some cash
Robbin' old folks and makin' the dash"
They did the job, money came with ease
But one couldn't stop, it's like he had a disease
He robbed another and another and a sister and a brother
Tried to rob a man who was a D.T. undercover
The cop grabbed his arm, he started acting erratic
He said, "Keep still, boy, no need for static"
Punched him in his belly and he gave him a slap
But little did he know the little boy was strapped
The kid pulled out a gun, he said, "Why'd you hit me?"
The barrel was set straight for the cop's kidney
The cop got scared, the kid, he starts to figure
"I'll do years if I pull this trigger"
So he cold dashed and ran around the block
Cop radios in to another lady cop
He ran by a tree, there he saw this sister
Shot for the head, he shot back but he missed her
Looked 'round good and from expectations
So he decided he'd head for the subway stations
But she was coming and he made a left
He was runnin' top speed 'til he was outta breath
Knocked an old man down and swore he killed him (Sorry)
Then he made his move to an abandoned building
Ran up the stairs up to the top floor
Opened up the door there, guess who he saw? (Who?)
Dave, the dope fiend shootin' dope
Who don't know the meaning of water nor soap
He said, "I need bullets, hurry up, run"
The dope fiend brought back a spanking shotgun
He went outside but there was cops all over
Then he dipped into a car, a stolen Nova
Raced up the block doing eighty-three
Crashed into a tree near university
Escaped alive though the car was battered
Rat-a-tat-tatted and all the cops scattered
Ran out of bullets and he still had static
Grabbed a pregnant lady and pulled out the automatic
Pointed at her head, he said the gun was full of lead
He told the cops, "Back off or honey here is dead"
Deep in his heart he knew he was wrong
So he let the lady go and he starts to run on (Uh-huh)
Sirens sounded, he seemed astounded
And before long the little boy got surrounded
He dropped his gun, so went the glory
And this is the way I have to end this story
He was only seventeen, in a madman's dream
The cops shot the kid, I still hear him scream
This ain't funny so don't you dare laugh (Uh-huh)
Just another case about the wrong path (Uh-huh)
Straight and narrow or your soul gets cast
Good night
You might also like
(Knock him out the box, Rick
Knock him out, Rick)
- Oh boy, that Uncle Ricky is really weird
- I know right what does he mean
“Straight and narrow or yo’ soul gets cast"?
- I don’t know, I think he be crackin' it up or something
- Well, good night
- Good night
Another, Vance Wright! Rick the Ruler presentation
Crumbs!75Embed
All of you cock pullers are frontin'
Wave your arms around like you're some octopus or somethin'
To better you, for any chick you want, I'm gettin' her
Rob people, mad ignorant, et cetera
Who the one to entertain and fume with?
Who you know breed humans can't be in the same room with?
Reefer sweet, wrap it up, free fix greet
Every rapper rap maggot underneath Rick's feet
Evicted, why you tryin' to find shit to lick with?
Even your kids tell you that you ain't shit to Slick Rick
Though you pretend to be glory
I'm number one, that's the end of the story
The black Clark Gable leave you numb
Every single one frontin' on your label is a bum
Let me slow it down, that's enough of that
This I have to say to you nothing other rapper cats
 (x2)
From New York to Cali none'll fuck with the awkward
You think Muhammad Ali used to talk shit
Bing, this sure hit alone'll bury ya
And even I got deported, I own America

He's so crazy, I smash rippin' up the place
Give the mack a taste, I wipe my ass with a rapper face
Cars come to a dead stop
Rain find ways not to drop on my head top
Tycoon rush at the richest
Even my complexion is a must have to bitches
Even without car money to budget
I would have the most elegant apartment in the Projects
Know what I mean?
Bitches are in awe at the lingo
Know that Rick'll put an end to all rapper income
An old-timer, lock up all vagina fields
France nor Italy can fuck with my designer skills
Saltin' inferior, faultin' to where we are
Tryin to find fault in superior
Let me slow it down, that's enough of that
This I have to say, to you nothing other rapper cats
You might also like (x2)

You lack the taste hook I'm stickin' 'em with
While degenerate like yourself make our race look ignorant
And your girlfriend wanna kiss and deploy
'Bout in the groin gets none of this tenderloin
Feet planted on deep black firmament
Bow in the presence of who lead rap permanent
Like a lion rap rips a chunk of kids
You stunk cause mortals ain't shit to conquer
Somebody said new pharaohs have appeared
How when everything I wore ten years ago, you wear now
I coulda murder heard a word out quick Rick stomp it kid
Hung to it, you complete bum to Rick
Source Awards, yeah, Rick every seminar
Even make Saddam Hussein tell me where the weapon are
Let me slow it down, that's enough of that
This I have to say, to you nothing other rapper cats
 (x2)

Yeah, from New York to Cali none'll fuck with the awkward
You think Muhammad Ali used to talk shit
Bing, biatchEmbed
Put the shakers in it!
Okay you kids enough TV, enough TV get to bed, get to bed
"Ohh uncle Ricky, we wanna watch TV please"
No more TV, get to bed
"Oh uncle Ricky I don't like you anymore"
"You're gonna read us a bedtime story uh, please? Uh, uh, uh, please?"
Ahh, all right, all right you kids get in the bed I'll get the Arabian story book
*Happy babbling*
All right kids, you tucked in?
"Yeah"
Here we go

Once upon a time, not long ago
When people wore pajamas and lived life slow
When laws were stern and justice stood
And people were behaving really, really good
There were three mean giants that came from the east
They were up to no good and some ugly beast
They lived in the forest where no one goes
And were evilly inflicted from their head to their toes
Everytime they came around they snatched a few humans up
Then eat their poor souls and throw their bones in a cup
For years and years the peasants lived in fear
But nothing could be done besides to pray, my dear
For the giants were rulin' and the peasants were not
And the little bit of happiness was now forgot
So three brave boys full of spunk and youth
Went on a mission trip to find the king of truth
For when he'd come, justice be done
None only as the most high ruler, son
None only as the most high ruler, son
None only as a hoe's high ruler, son
Hit it!
You might also likeSo the story is, what is to come?
Will the peasants survive and justice be done?
Or will the giants continue to rule as one?
Well, nevertheless we'll see son
Story's begun

*Kid humming along the melody*
Heyo, imma stop right thereEmbed
When I'm through with you  I'll have you keelin' on the floor
You sayin' every curve has a story to tell
You say you put my son under some magical spell
You say you'll take my lady, freak, that's only because
When I look at the monster, I say, "He can be yours"
He's a dog, you're a snake
Two cobras for ya
Left over little hotties with not under desire
So, where's the crown for the great snake conqueror?
A slap across the face to show how much of a punk you are
You wanna play? Well, I carry a tray
Let's call it self-defense if I blow you away
You (Snakes of the world today)
You (Snakes of the world today)
Oh, so now you're gonna front like you are one man
I'll beat you down, 'cause they might lie and play me like I'm a fan
Blood-suckers, I'm healin' that it's not on your side
But, honey, word's out, and your man's a duck
From freeload city, he ain't worth a damn
Tryna come out on the scene tip like that-
Yes, you, little girl
More familiar faces
Don't play brave or you'll need more than 
So, snakes unite
Respect you'll never get
You sold your innocence to a royalty check
And my words are true and they hold no mystery
It's written in the past and you cannot change history
You might also like(Snakes of the world today)
(Snakes of the world today)
So, you want me to bow
Well, I'm sorry, Your Highness
Payback is a witch for your undeserving kindness
Your claim-to-fame is now properly over
So straighten up your life or go join Jehovah
Bricks through knives, thug's a played out user
Countin' up your joints just like another loser
All you snakes, whassup
You think we're playin'
Your mic styles weak like the man L was sayin'
So, cheerio, stream or vote, it was fun while it lasted
Yo, love's not the message for you, you white bastard
Yes we're supposed to play that we carry a tray
We'll call it self-defense when we blow you away
You (Snakes of the world today)
You (Snakes of the world today)Embed
Davy, Davy Crockett, King of the Wild Frontier, yeah
Davy, Davy Crockett, King of the Wild Frontier

Well he's in Indian Town and what spots his eye?
A nice looking Indian and honey looked fly
He had to talk because he just couldn't hack it
She wore some moccasins and plus a tough leather jacket
He trotted over and invented a line
He said "Excuse me, um, do you happen to have the time?"
All was on his mind was sex, sex, sex
So she said, "Why do ask? You got your own Timex"
To poor old Dave that line was cold blooded
It seemed like her ego was way over flooded
She started to laugh and then she started to say
"I'm sorry some times I do get carried away
I didn't mean to like ill treat you
My name is Running Rabbit and I'm glad to meet you"
He said, "I'm Dave, with crazy clout"
She said "Oh you're the one the girls keep talking about
Yeah, you must be, because you look like a winner
Come to my house, we'll discuss it over dinner"
(Singing)
Davy, Davy Crockett, the Wild Frontier
You might also like
Well, he met her father, Big Chief Beretti
He said "What's for dinner?" "Soup and spaghetti"
The dinner was rotten and he swore he's gonna puke it
He never would have took it if he'd known that he had cooked it
Later on they was chilling in the bedroom
Sitting by the window looking on the Moon
Nothing was being said so he swore she was hot
He said "Are you in the mood?" She said "No I'm not"
From what he believes and from what he guessed
If a girl says no, he really thinks she means yes
So, he started touching her and coming out strong
Whispering sweet nothings and singing a song
He said: (singing) "I'm in the mood for love
Simply because you're near me
Funny but when you're near me
I'm in the mood, don't mean to be rude
But I'm in the mood for love"
And the she said "Oh Dave, you've got my poor back hurting
I want you, first close the curtain"
He closed the curtain and also the doors
The next thing you knew it was off with those drawers
"Take it easy Davy, you're hurting me. Stop"

Well, he was playing with her titties, they were soft not lumpy
And then he cracked the legs like Humpty-Dumpty
He's fucking, sucking, also finger popping
He had no intention of stopping
Crazy fun, he did not want to leave
His head was between her tits and he could barely breathe
He had to toss, turn, turn, toss
Meanwhile he was riding her with crazy force
She was burning hot, she said "Stop, stop."
He said, "Are you talking sex or what?"
I guess she didn't realize what she started
Next thing you know she was acting retarded
She said to him strangely and kind of merry
"Stop now, or I'll be unordinary"
He didn't take her warning
He rode her till the morning
He rode that ass till the pussy started yawning
*Yawning sounds*
He said "What? Wait" His dick went weak
It said "Dave, pussies ain't supposed to speak"
He took off his clothes he wanted to leave this place
But first he wanted to see the vagina face to face
He opened it up, with his bare two thumbs
He seen crabs with spears and Indian drums!
They's going:
Heya hiya heya hey, hey
Heya hiya heya hey
Heya hey, heya hey
Heya hiya heya hey
Heya hiya heya hey2Embed
Kit, where you goin'?
Sorry, Michael, it's Rick the Ruler, I have to go

Lights, camera, action, you're on
Get 'em Ricky D, what's wrong?
The crowd's gone
So help me out Kit cause this thief has to be caught
Radio the chief of police, get a report
Chief of police said "Welp
I'm sorry Ricky D cause I really can't help"
Ahh drats I think I'll take a long walk
Kit put your scan on all these rappers in New York
"But Michael's callin' me Rick, I have to go
If I get a word you'll definitely be the first to know"
Well all that night I felt really uptight
Hello?, "Rick, it's Vance Wright
Throw on your clothes, I found 'em, they're down town"
Word?, "Someone's havin' a concert and they're using your crown"
What?, you sure its mine?
"Yo Rick, I know the shape of it, come on"
You know your scratches? "Yeah, plus I got tape of it"
Get over my house quick, ride your motorcycle
Kit, Ricky Rick, pick up, forget old Michael
Well here came the DJ, trucks to say the least
"Ayo let me hear the tape," it's a complete masterpiece
Yelp, I guess it is, but this one bound to overtake
I heard a *honk honk*, that's Kit, so let's break
Here go my rap Kit
Analyze a hit, so Kit what's the scoop?
"Slick Rick, this one is it"
You might also like
Well my tummy was growling while I was chilling in my seat
We stopped by McDonald's so I get something to eat
Skipped the line and the crowd started to break
"Hey yo, let me get a Big Mac and a strawberry shake"
Someone snatched me by my neck I thought I must be dead
Injected me with something, threw a bag over my head
I felt real weak, word, I couldn't even stand
I fell, next thing I was being thrust inside a van
Unconscious, who could be this shady?
When I awoke I was in a room with this lady
"So you're the boss, Rick Rick with all the clout?"
Uh-huh know why'm I tied up and what's this all about?
And this she left the room this was my one chance for hope
I used my watch lighter to burn away the rope
Then I's free, I's free, an alarm was alerted
I made a flying leap through the window and it hurted
Someone threw a knife, who could be this trife
So I ran and I ran cause I was petro' for my life
Stranded and raw I saw a phone not far
I radioed in to my supadelic car
Yo, what's with the concert, am I still in it to win it?
"Yes I'm in Manhattan and I'll be there in a minute
And oh, by the way, I re-listened to your hit, hey Rick"
What's the scoop? "Oh man, this one is it!"
Tight tight security - MAN, they was the softest
Came in with some cannons and bumrushed the office
Grabbed up the one who liked to front and pretend
No, I don't know who it is, some brother looking like a hen
"Let me go, let me go, please," you must be dusted
Hand cuffed this brother cause the thief could not be trusted
Grabbed up my money and my crown that's how I dissed 'em
I went on the mic, and DJ, man, I'm on the system
He warmed up the techniques to show he ain't soft
The crowd was up and this is how it started off

(Who, who, who is the top choice of them all?)

Yo Vance, cut, thanks a lot, who wanna die?
We up top, somewhat, forget me not
The class that I have won't last
Soon as I blast, from out the past, dash fast, and here at last
Vance Wright, no man can bring you this
And Ricky Rick, clean shot, cause I'm the king of this1Embed
Ladies, and gentlemen, and lowlifes
It is with outstanding pleasure that we are here to present tonight
Slick Rick, the Ruler! And MC Ricky D!
Doing their smash hit, "Mona Lisa," you know, like the picture?
Anyway, I'd like to take this time out to bow before his divine majesty
Oh, your majesty?
Hmm
Can I kiss your hand?
Mm-hmm
*Kisses*
Enough!
Come your highness, they await you

Well, it was one of those days, not much to do
I was chillin' downtown with my old school crew
I went into a store to buy a slice of pizza
And bumped into a girl, her name was Mona—what?
Mona Lisa (What?), Mona Lisa, so men named you
You know what I'm sayin'? So I said
"Excuse me, dear, my gosh, you look nice!
Put away your money, I'll buy that slice!"
She said, "Thanks - I'd rather a slice of you
I'm just kidding, but that's awfully nice of you"
The compliment showed she had a mind in her
And when I smiled (PING!) I almost blinded her
She said, "Great Scott! Are you a thief?
Seems like you have a mouth full of gold teeth"
Ha-ha, hah! Had to find that funny
So I said, "No child, I work hard for the money
And calling me a thief? Please! Don't even try it (Right!)
Sit down eat your slice of pizza, and be quiet"
She almost got cut short -- you know, scissored
She tried to disrespect WHO?! The Grand Wizard
Me! "Well what's your name, son?"
"MC Ricky D," but not to be so harsh I said to Mona Li-hee
"I'm.. sorry and I know that's low class (uhh, yeah)
Please sit, and tell me a little about your past"
She said, "Well I got courage, and I don't like porridge (uh-huh)
I've never been to college, but I've got crazy knowledge (uh-huh)
Over eighteen and my eyes are green (uh-huh)
I wear more gold than that man on A-Team (uh-huh, uh-huh)
Trim, slim, (yeah) and I'm also light skinned
Best believe Mona's a virgin"
A virgin?! Honey needed a slap
She tried to tell me she's a virgin -- with her yay wide gap
I said, "It don't matter, see, I'm not picky (word)
Let me spell my name out for you, it's Ricky:
R - ravishing
I - impress
C - courageous or careless
K - for the Kangols which I've got
That I wear everyday and Y -- Why not?
To fight's not right that I recite and I'm..
Quite polite like Walter Cronkite"
Well, just about then, Trevor my friend came in
He said, "Hey Rick, don't you know playing with these snakes is a sin?!?"
He grabbed me by my shirt and pulled me right out the store
He said, "I don't want to see you playing with these lowlifes no more!
Now come along, we have a party to attend
With some real mature women and some more of our friends"
He hailed down a cab and he waited for a minute
And as the cab came, he thrusted me in it!
And as we were leaving and driving along
I could hear a melody as Mona sang a song
You might also likeIf you see me walking down the street
And I start to cry each time we meet
Walk on by, walk on by, foolish pride
That's all that I have left, so, let me hide
The pain and the hurt that you gave me
When you said goodbye
You walked on by8Embed

Well it's me (​Rick D)​, and it's time to mingle
So wake up world and bus' out my new single
I take dead bodies and I boost them up live
So straighten up and be alert because the ruler's arrived
No (​​not uncle Sam)​​ but I can still recruit
As (hip-hop commander)​​ of the people's troop
So troop be troopers and follow commands
Cause (​​no one can rule like the ruler Rick can)​​
Though some like it hot and some may like the shock
So let's get together what I mean is rock
No vanity, insanity (strictly clout)​​
Now put your hands together and scream and shout
(Go Slick Rick!)​​ and then go berserk
But (keep it at a limit so no one gets hurt)
And don't be boring please not lazy
My jam's packed so let's get crazy
(​​​​​​​Scratches)​​​​​​​ get, get, get, get, get a lil' stupid... Let's get crazy!

The original, that's the title I've earned
Anybody disagreeing been burnt' and learnt'
Told a thief straighten up as I humble hell
And I (​​bring a little rhythm)​​ wherever I dwell
Cuz' the door's wide open and I'm taking the chance
As I dip through Europe and I'm going to (France)
Now I always may try and play like full of fun
But in this type of rap I number one
Not number (​​two)​​ on a wild-style blizzard
And if I was in the OZ I'd be (Slick Rick the wizzard)​​
Or some young man named MC Ricky D
And no fool can say they created me
So wild child, let's go berserk
But keep it at a limit so no one gets hurt
And don't freeload cuz' I'm not lazy
My jam's packed so let's get crazy
You might also like(​​​​​​​Scratches)​​​​​​​ get, get, get, get, get a lil' stupid... Let's get crazy! (x4)
​​​(Scratches)​​​​​​​ Oh my God!
Excuse me, Doug E. Fresh (​​Yes)
(​​​​​​​Scratches)​​​​​​​ get a lil' stupid... Let's get crazy! (x2)

Well we're in the last stage, you know the final chapter
(Oh Ricky don't go)​​ But you know that I have to
So tell me daily news and all the magazines
(Ricky D's in control)​​ Of what? {​​​​​​​Hip-hop scene}​​​​​​​
Uptown downtown the man's rated supreme
If Martin Luther were here he'd say (​​Hey Rick I had a dream)​​
And if I'm at a jam it must be pumping
People dwell us light cuz' it's them I'm stomping
So y'all be adventurous (​​Shake and twist)
I insist that this will bring more than just bliss
So posse's and crews' (exercise your best)​​
It's time to get (Stupid)​​, what I mean is (​​Fresh)​​
Hey wild child let's go berserk
But keep it at a limit so no one gets hurt
And don't be a crumb and try to phase me
My jam's stacked so let's get crazy
(​​​​​​​Scratches)​​​​​​​ get, get, get, get, get a lil' stupid... Let's get crazy!Embed
Excuse me, I'm trying to earn a mere buck or two
A solemn rapper come in, and who the fuck are you?
Around this part of town with diamonds and your girl in fur
"I'm trying to enter in this rap contest you're having sir"
You're kinda late "Flat tire" Well that do occur
Well alright, pay me now, and you'll be after her
"I hope I don't mess up, or run out of breath, or even break"
Don't worry hun you're hitting 'em harder than a fucking brick
"But what do you think Van?" Please, no one can serve us
"Wish me luck dear, I'm scared and I'm nervous"

So who stands, who falls, who crowds the halls?
This one the DJ calls, “Lick the Balls!”

Now every time I write dope raps they come kicking it
Now you know the title of this, so start licking it
Lips kicking it, hey bitch, there is a brick in it
So when you think you're prepared, I keep sticking it
Now here they come with a spike to fight, take it light
Now who the one you're trying to be like with all your might
And anyone that attempted to remove me out the race
Best give me space before I fly in their fucking face
Now raise that vocal, play that role around your local hoods
Don't worry about a thing cause Ricky Rick is bringing home the goods
You might also like
So who stands, who falls, who crowds the halls?
This one the DJ calls, “Lick the Balls!”

Now everything that come out your mouth, sound like it's out of spite
I'm back on a mission and this time I'm gonna anchor right
Vance Wright adds help, he's improving it
"Thank gosh Rick! We love the way you're moving it"
Who's hitting rough in eighty-eight I bet your momma knows
Back slap you all down like y'all were dominoes
Stun em all, come on y'all, give me a taste of life
Act trife, I'll let my dog go fuck ya wife
So be my friend and don't pretend you will not be forgiven
You're cleaning house up to the master, that's how we both are living

So who stands, who falls, who crowds the halls?
This one the DJ calls, “Lick the Balls!”

Go Vance Wright! Go Rick! Look at the style we bring
How come you cannot write a rap that will erase the king
The girls you worship are some tramps and want to see me slam
Shit on mother fuckers and I tell them who the fuck I am
My name is Rick, but now you know who's ruling it
Pump the world and the DJ put the fuel in it
Come ride the dick and if you wanna know what is the word
Who write the baddest raps you and your boys have ever heard
I eat you up and give your girl a bowl of Puppy Chow
You understand alright? Hello! I'm trying to tell you now
So who stands, who falls, who crowds the halls?
This one the DJ calls, “Lick the Balls!”2Embed
Well I've been a public figure for quite a long time
Known to the whole world for what? my style of rhyme
But tonight let's talk about the ones who bite
Although they know they won't never get it right
Because they have no class and they have no shame
They'll bite another brother to boost their own name
Get paid correct on a one way gimmick
I'm happy for you lowlifes but 'member there's a limit - so say

Teacher, teacher, tell me how you do it
It looks kinda easy like there was nuttin' to it
But they don't understand that the master will be
The creator of the style (Ricky D)
Teacher, teacher, tell me how you do it
It looks so easy like there was nuttin' to it
But they don't understand that the master will be
The creator of the style (Ricky D)

When I walk into a party coke snorters laugh
As the girls be crazy coming for my mere autograph
And it seems that they admiring my new style of rappin'
And brothers all around me out of vanity, they're snapping
The girls say, "Wow, Rick you're so unique
Please tell us how you organize the words you speak"'
But my will says chill and I go upon my way
Cause class will be taught some other day - so say
You might also like
Teacher, teacher, tell me how you do it
It looks kinda easy like there was nuttin' to it
But they don't understand that the ruler will be
The creator of the style (Ricky D)
Teacher, teacher, tell me how you do it
It looks so easy like there was nuttin' to it
But they don't understand the ruler will be
The creator of the style (Ricky D)

Well I remember one night when the world was dead quiet
And out of nowhere some boy starts a riot
He tore my clothes, I had to throw blows
A shotgun barrel was dead on my nose
I froze - it was Big Foot and the Toes
Yup, a bunch of small timers that be at all my shows
Surrounded the ruler with machetes too
They said um, "If you don't teach us how to rap you're through"
I said 'okay, now let me go, please'
I seen an officer - then the officer screamed 'freeze!'
He said, "Slick Rick you okay?"
I had to play it off, some girls were looking my way
So I smacked one in the face and told him, "I won't retire
And many years from now I'll just be getting higher"
For I am the master, said and done
My name is Ricky D and I'm the only one - so say
(Ricky D)
(Ricky D)

Now when I was a lad my style was bad
So I had to use what little bit of knowledge that I had
So I quote and I wrote 'till I was up to par
Some rhymes were  and some rhymes were 
I educate myself so I'm able to reach ya
Answering the call of teacher, teacher
Tell us how you do it, it's so easy for me
The creator of the style, MC Ricky D
Now my only task is to warn all biters
Slimy sluts and fake rhyme writers
Don't try your luck and get the ruler annoyed
For when I'm through with you boy your whole world will be destroyed
So chill mister muscle or I'll come and hunt ya
If you are a girl I'll make no man want ya
So if you wanna rule and no pride's in the way
Pay attention to my syllables and come see me and say, "Hey hey"

Teacher, teacher, tell me how you do it
It looks so easy like there was nuttin' to it
But they don't understand the ruler will be
The creator of the style (Ricky D)
Teacher, teacher, tell me how you do it
It looks kinda easy like there was nuttin' to it
But they don't understand that the ruler will be
The creator of the style (Ricky D)
Hit it1Embed
"Halt, who goes yonder?"
"It is I, sire, Richard of Nottingham"
"Well, speak up man, what is it?"
"News from the east, sire, Rick the Ruler has returned!"
Scratches: Stop Lyin'!

Gather 'round party goers as if you're still livin'
And get on down to the old Slick rhythm
Now this one here is called the Ruler my dear
It's a mere party booster that will set things clear
It's a hundred percent proof from champions of truth
And if you feel you need spirit I'll bring back your youth
Relax your mind, and folks unwind
And be kind to a rhythm that you hardly find
And off we go, let the trumpets blow
Well hold on, because the driver of the mission is a pro
The Ruler's back
Scratches: Hit it!

Now in these times, well, at least to me
There's a lot of people out here tryin' to sound like Ricky D
Not tryin' to cause trouble cause it's really a small thing
But they're bitin' what I'm writin'
God it's great being the king
Some sound alright, but then they act illy
Try conquering my crown and that's really very silly
Now I'm not the type that gets upset
Try to disrespect folks just to earn respect
But learn this fact, whether white or black
I can't get conquered in my style of rap
For jealousy and envy are dumb ones' tools
So Ricky says nothing, he keeps his cool
Revenge is not a mission that the Ruler's on
Just forgiveness required for the wrong that's done
So off we go, let the trumpets blow
And hold on, because the driver of the mission is a pro
The Ruler's back
You might also likeScratches: Hit it!

Now one day when I was chillin' at this outside jam
I seen folks havin' a ball and plus clappin' their hands
To beats of records that conquer the streets
Like Pee Wee Herman and Clubhouse Treats
Girls was chillin', boys rule as usual
The slacks, the golds, the rings, I hope I'm not confusin' y'all
But everyone in the house looks smashin'
Fresh clothes on their butts and nothing out of fashion
And just when you thought nothing couldn't get better
A news flash concealed in a bright yellow letter
A kid ran up to the mike and said "Alert, hear this,"
Cleared his crummy throat and then began to persist
He said "Hallelujah, kids hear this
The Ruler's back and he's here to assist"
So off we go, let the trumpets blow
And hold on because the driver of the mission is a pro
The Ruler's back
Scratches: Stop Lyin'!6Embed
Huh, c'mon!
"This type of shit, it happens every day"
"This type of shit, it happens every day"
"This type of shit, it happens every day"
"This type of shit, it happens every day"
"This type of shit, it happens every day"
"This type of shit, it happens every day"
"This type of shit, it happens every day"
"This type of shit, it happens every day"

In the slammer, kid, but I'm innocent
Lord played witty wasn't having any pity—
Now in Razor Blade City
Cries oppose the situation, seen mad eyes of foes
Drives a Rolls, "Hey, yo, money, what size are those?"
Need to phone, "me too," another sprang up, hmm, to gang up
On this kid, housing the phone like he didn't know how to hang up
Would be hard though, up to a minute or so and then yells time on a
And when you get your commissary, buy this and that or else I'm gonna
Be on that ass and won't stay off—extort, fig' , way off
Beaten to death — "you ain't protecting me?"
Forgot today's my day off
Hold my head and drift the Sumo weight in knots and cars
Instead of sitting here accumulating cuts and scars, behind bars
You might also likeBehind bars
Behind bars
Behind bars
Behind bars
Behind bars

Showing off because on the phone, click, losing all the hoes off
Niggas housed the watch and Donna took all of the clothes off
Nigga hell with drawers that's what my clothes figured telling
Every night it seem like mice be in and out a nigga cell and
Still ain't home, like on the hook, seen a bunch of kids look
Miss outdoors, never know what you have until it's took'en
And in fact, the moment you fear, all of that, you quote snaps
Well in a cell, did the exercises and wrote raps
"I'll be a bigger star than you", though never heard of the nigga
Takes my raps and read aloud, I wanted to murder the nigga
Just kidding, no offend to it, finally he ended it
Case dismissed, but your honor, D.A. kindly prevented it
He told to the judge, don't free him, this brother trigger wars
And not just that because I refuse to wash some jive nigga drawers
So hold the head, drift the Sumo weight in knots and cars
Instead of sitting here accumulating cuts and scars
Behind bars
Behind bars
Behind bars
Behind bars
Behind bars
Behind bars
Behind bars
Behind bars
"What fight? The nigga trip, C.O." the rest he might scared
But couldn't squeal. I's like, "Officer that nigga right there"
Now if he ain't get me his friends will, needed a utensil
It turned out, I had to stab him in the eye with a pencil
State of shock, he made a yell, I said, "Now what you want traitor?"
C.O. puts me in the bin, I see ya about a month later
Back in population, didn't matter that his friends tensed
The phone privs, the years added to the sentence
Still chilling and all of that and I escaped when...
I don't think so, don't hit the stove cause they made a rape attempt
Thank goodness, failed, call out next, he wail out
Here go the C.O., "Ricky Walters, pack up, you're bailed out"
The C.O. couldn't see the rape, the kid'll snitch mass figure
Fast trigger, you'll be back, you little bitch ass nigga
Au revoir, back to dating sluts and stars
At least for now, no more accumulating cuts and scars
Behind bars
Behind bars
Behind bars
Behind bars
Behind bars
Behind bars
Behind bars
Behind bars
Behind bars
Behind bars
Behind bars
Behind bars
Behind bars...5Embed
Check this out, this Warren G, y'know I'm sayin'?
Chillin' with my man Slick Rick, you know?
And we gon' give you all a little tale about that jail stuff
You know? So Rick, why don't you run it, homie? (Yeah)

"In the slammer, kid!", "But I'm innocent!", Lord played witty
Wasn't havin' any pity, now in Razor Blade City
Cry, suppose the situation seen mad eyes of foes
Drives a Rolls, "Hey, yo, money, what size are those?"
Need to phone me to another sprang up, hm, to gang up
On this kid housin' the phone like he didn't know how to hang up
Would be hard, though, up to a minute or so and then yells, "Time on"
"And when you get your commissary, buy this and that or else I'm gonna"
Be on that ass and won't stay off, extort, fig I save, way off
Beaten to death, you ain't protectin' me, forgot today's my day off
Hold my head and drift the Sumo weight in knots and cars
Instead of sittin' here accumulatin' cuts and scars behind bars

Dum ditty dum ditty ditty datty day
This type of shit happens every day
See, some punk locked up to get beat down
Raped down, 'til his booty is broke down
Dum ditty dum ditty ditty datty day
This type of shit happens every day
Riots, melees and disturbances of the peace
You might also like
Mr. Slick Rick, let me take it for a second
And tell a short tale about the L.A. county jail
9500, that was the lock up
When the lights got dim, it was time for the sock-up
Jackin' for the money, back-stab was my mission
If a riot jumped off, it's time for incision
Stickin' niggas here and stickin' niggas there
I turned around and looked and seen cops everywhere
Jackin' brothers up, slappin' brothers up
If you got blood on yo' clothes, lock up!
High-powered was the level, level fo'
Niggas sentenced to life and you can't be no hoe (biaatch!)
Or you get tooken with homies overlookin'
Esés next door with the Puma, straight cookin' (Come here, homes)
Lighten up the whole module
Huh! God damn, yeah, another squabble

Dum ditty dum ditty ditty datty day
This type of shit happens every day
See, some punk locked up to get beat down
Raped down, 'til his booty is broke down
Dum ditty dum ditty ditty datty day
This type of shit happens every day
Riots, melees and disturbances of the peace
What fight? The nigga trip, C.O. the rest he might scared
But couldn't squeal, I's like, "Officer, that nigga right there"
Now, if he ain't get me his friend's will, needed a utensil
It turned out, I had to stab him in the eye wit a pencil
State of shock, he made a yell, I said, "Huh, what you want, traitor?"
"C.O. puts me in the bin", I'll say about a month later
Back in population, didn't matter that his friends tensed
The phone prints, the years added to the sentence
Still chillin' and all of that and I escaped when I didn't think
So, don't hit the sto' because they made a rape attempt
Thank goodness, failed, called out next, he wailed out
Here go the C.O., "Ricky Walters, pack up, you're bailed out"
The C.O. couldn't see the rape, the kid'll snitch mass figure
Fast trigger, you'll be back, you little bitch ass nigga
Au revoir, back to datin' sluts and stars
At least for now, no more accumulatin' cuts and scars behind bars

Dum ditty dum ditty ditty datty day
This type of shit happens every day
See, some punk locked up to get beat down
Raped down, 'til his booty is broke down
Dum ditty dum ditty ditty datty day
This type of shit happens every day
Riots, melees and disturbances of the peace
Dum ditty dum ditty ditty datty day
This type of shit happens every day
See, some punk locked up to get beat down
Raped down, 'til his booty is broke down
Dum ditty dum ditty ditty datty day
This type of shit happens every day
Riots, melees and disturbances of the peace3Embed

As a youth, each Sunday, Dawn went to Church and
Paid her respects and not to mention was a virgin
Kid pushed up, Dawn lettin' him
Since he made her laugh and all the other girls was sweatin' him
Then things started to move without pause
And a couple o'months later kid's pushin' for the drawers
Under pressure while exchangin' glances
Dawn finally gives in to the sexual advances
Although it was a mad high cost for her
Cuz' after the thrill was gone, so was the lust for her
Eventually he left her for another
Now feeling alone and betrayed by her lover
She cried--for no longer knew which way she headed
Once dreamed of actually wearing white at her wedding
And really being pure, now she thought she'd die without
Still she finds strength to continue with her life without
Love...
Without love...
Without love...
Without love...

Verse two of Dawn's life--the second segment
What could be worse than to now find out you're pregnant?
Poor Dawn couldn't sleep--laid awake
Not ready for a child and plus her mother's gonna break
And she doesn't know how she's gonna bring up the subject
Consequences of being used as an object
In church though time's runnin' thin
She decides to have the child because she doesn't want to sin
Props to the girl although ahead hard times;
It was Hell finishin' school and working part-time
Yet Dawn did it though her youth went to waste
Little help from the government, she got her own place
HARD for an independent woman and a kid
And as soon as she could get off the assistance, she did
Without no man who she once thought she'd die without
Still she finds the strength to continue with her life without
Love...
Life without love...
Life without love...
Continue with her life without love...
You might also like
While Dawn worked two jobs tryin' to meet ends
Her son was busy cuttin' school and hangin' with his friends
So when she got words she tried to slap out the taste in his mouth
And explain how important education is
Under stress, she takes two Bufferin
Son now tired of seein' his poor mother sufferin'
Starts to sell drugs though the cops did a raid
Guess who's in the mix, and being legal age
Could do time, please call her employer
To inform her that her son is gonna' need a lawyer
Never no good news, just more strife
Dawn barely havin' enough time to live her own life
Hears the judge's sentence, beggin' and pleadin'
Now spends nine hours on the bus to go and see him
Here's the judge's sentence, beggin' and pleadin'
Now spends nine hours on the bus to go and see him
Without no man who she once thought she'd die without
Still she finds the strength to continue with her life without
Love...
Life without love...
Life without love...
Life without love...
Continues life without love...Embed

What's good? Chit-chatter, back to work last week
Had to spit, muthafucka, I ain't doing jack shit
Go ahead, squeeze the trigger, cuz I don't see how you figure
Two lashes, ok, it can be a good nigga
I'm the last man cooking, I was in heat suppose
Crawl back to the house, the wife cooking pig toes
Life's rough, that's the tore up, peace, but that ain't enough
Had to see master plow her, and my honey pie stuffed
Then trifle like bring her body, had Rick's wife
And she's nice and the kids be like 'daddy, that's life'
Take it like a man, money, try, keep rocking
Then one day, clock the balls, honey drive by and said
I'll do anything for you, kept drinking up
Hero of my wife, tell ya man stop sticking her
Master's coming, I'm not saying you're not attractive
Whip snap, if a nigga run high active, I'm captive...
*samples scratched up*

One day he was dogging her back, got me mad too
Dish it like you like this, she said, Rick I tried to
Aiding to the problem, master wife, what you wanna do?
Honey was naked and parading in front of me
She said, that's the slut, Rick, and I'm over her
I said chill out sweetheart, because I like life a lot
She said, I have sources who will burn you on the cross
It will cost you, don't make me have to force you
Man, I had a decision, so I winked and to the granny
And she said, well you can start by eating my fatty
Change of plans, she said, no Rick, stay here
Quality's a whole, is never seen in a man
Can some change for me, said I attract because I'm handsome
Forgive me Rick, and step back to the mansion
That night be home, I'm finding blood all on my feet
Said shorty got shot for eating an extra piece of meat
I'm not even gonna start, no dad, I didn't budge
Next day master acting feminine like a fuck
Thinking I'm mean benching, no, hands is on the hips
Kept winking at Clinton, tried to kiss me on the lips
And here came master wife, saying I'm attractive
The whip snapped, if a nigga weren't high active, I'm captive...
You might also like*samples scratched up*

Master departs, can have some? You never bought some
Quoting from the bible, telling me to have a heart
So I shove aside the price, cuz I asked her, I'm above it
Until we asleep, she's like master, I love it
The slut, he suppose to be gay, I figure not
But, here came master trynna squeeze a nigga butt
Look you getting too bold, well ain't you the meanest?
Bang bang, my liver son, he shot him in the penis
I said, chill, son, he chilled at his little Teddy
He said, don't go home, I done killed mom already
You know the half, now my life is full of laughter
Fell in love with granny, lived happily ever after
Due to the fact, the hooker found me attractive
The whip snapped, til the hooker weren't high active, she's captive...
*samples scratched up*Embed
Well I'm sittin on my lunch break, grinnin my teeth (my teeth)
It's the last day of the week, boy what a relief (relief)
My muscles kind of ache, they felt rigid and stiff
So I looked around, and I smoked this big fat spliff
Now I'm happy as can be I'm in this pothead spell
I put some Visine in my eyes so that no one can tell
It's 12:55 almost time for the bell
Put the breathmints in the mouth so that the mouth don't smell
Now back on the job, I don't bother no one
I keep strictly to myself and all my work gets done
Now the job's finally over it's time to have fun
And I'm hangin out with Trevor there's a kid named John
Got real drunker than a skunk and happy as can be
We went, to the Latin Quarters and we got in free
Scoopin all the girls like nuttin with my truck jewelry
Cause I'mma fly brown brother and you can't school me
Boogie Down was performin hey they ain't no joke
And a bunch of Brooklyn kids was lookin all down my throat
Was it my big chains with the big plates on em?
Then they rolled on me and told me to run em

This was the moment I feared...
"Hey yo homeboy take off your chains man
Bout to hurt you real fuckin bad, I'm gonna fuck you up"
This was the moment I feared...
"Yo what's the matter stupid? Take the shits off man!
The fuck is up?"
You might also like
I said, "They're really not real, they're just a front for the girls"
Then a whole bunch of furious fists caved my world
I was in pain, so ashamed, I wish I had not came
Had to kindly pick up my face and then ride home on the train, then
I went to an open store that's where I bought me a quart
Then I went to the park, and I sat and I thought
I seen Danny Boy though he's with his girl named Sarah
In one of his cars, I think this one's a Riviera
She calls out to me, but, I really couldn't hear her
So I went just a little bit closer so I'd hear a little clearer
She said, "I need Veronica Place that's right near Tilden"
I said, "I know where that's at cause that's right next to my building"
I gave em the information and they went on their way
I went home, and there I slept til almost three the next day
Then someone knocked on my door, I opened up, no quit!
It was Sarah with some magazines and a band-aid kit
She tried to use me and seduce me and at first I wasn't with it
Then we did it and we did it and we did it and WE DID IT
She said it was great, she said she's glad we had done it
The elevator came and Danny Boy was on it

This was the moment I feared...
"Hey yo what the fuck's goin on here?
What you doin to my girl homeboy?"
This was the moment I feared...
"Oh I just KNOW y'all didn't just finish fuckin
I just KNOW y'all ain't just finish fuckin"
Well he was huffin and puffin and he swung at me -- word
So I pulled out my jammy and I silenced the nerd
Then he was dead two in the head I took the cash and the Visa's
She said, "Don't worry about a thing just make sure nobody sees us"
We went back to her apartment, there was blow in the freezers
She said, "We're rich we're rich we can have whatever will please us"
Now I don't hang with no one who ain't good for my health
So I put the sugarhead out and I went for self
Now I was rich as I was rich I could have whatever would please me
Now I could wear real gold in front of folks that would tease me
Yah me, I'll be a new neighborhood dad
Cats'll roll up on me screamin, "Yo Rick my man!!"
I guess I was too fly word up I'm sorry to say
Ya see a cop rolled up on me and told me, "Make my day"
I said, "Relax brother," but he had proof that I had done it
Yep, he had poor Sarah's underwear with my fingerprints all on it
This was the rise and fall of my fast lane style
And I was the main event on the TV for a while
But now I'm in jail doin life and I'm scared
Some kids snuffed me cold and greased me where no one dared

This was the moment I feared...
"Turn around nigga (HAHAHAHA)
Spread your cheeks"
This was the moment I feared...
"UHH, AOWWHWHWAA! STOP STOP! AHAOWWHAHAOOHO"2Embed
Cuz it's wrong...

Sang my songs, stuck in my tongue, girl strung
Sweating among them was a hun
'Got a man, but we not getting along'
Lick the balls, I know some girls that lick it, not around dick it
Rick it's amazing how you rap, word up, you sound wicked
Do I dig her, silly pressure, picture drig up, do a drig up
If you only knew how good, Rick, you look into mirror
Buck perfect, to her car, said when I walk, not ever
Tell her 'call me later on, just to talk, or whatever'
Stirring it up, learn the digits, to be safe, burn it up
And here's another Slick Rick one, and her man turned it up
Now on the strap, very soon, she be all hot wanna rap
Some cat over there, but Rick, ain't nothing gonna happen
Comes over, stuck my tongue in her mouth, she gave me a hickey
Shocked me, the way she jock, truck me not, me Ricky not
Known to faking, and you probably kidding rock, just something
Thought your ho strung, nah, didn't knock on tongue
Cuz it's wrong...
Cuz it's wrong...

Another honey, real sneaky, lines thrown on the freak
Sends money, works away, but he be home on the weekend
Wanna say your best, I'm charging the rest though
Sends the guest off, now massaging the breast off
While I'm getting info out of her, girlfriend side of her
Doing this already, I be in that and out of here
Ask her friend, what poet best? Rap my vote
Don't know, girlfriend asking like down to cut throat
You seem too hard for the rest of the them, met all into them
Get to a friend, sometime today, so we can get all into
So then friend said don't take all day, whore, I mean
Drops her number on the floor, make sure the dog seen it
Alone asked, can you help me rap, maybe, winking
Think me, you go far, oh yeah, that's it, baby, drink it
Don't effecting on your pop, kid rock just one
Though your ho strung, nah, didn't knock on tongue
You might also likeCuz it's wrong...
Cuz it's wrong...
Cuz it's wrong...
Cuz it's wrong...

A good look strike ya ho, you attack mic, it's on
I wanna ask is that really real? Bitch, act like you know
Give me a line for your joint, make to every story define me
Getting noisy, everybody leave, but you close the door behind me
Left your man dressing room, you try to diss me cuz you rule in school
I said word, so won't you kiss me, you fool
Shoulder shook, she popped why not, another fan of word, on the lord
Well anyway like an autograph and a cut
Made my move to triple excitement, stop Rick, you're flipping
As I grind against her pussy and I gently lick her nipple
Less than a minute, warmth is missing, look at the high in her dressing
Lights off, pull panties to the hide and caressing
Mass roll the plan of life, wonder keep her in, passed off
Bolt than she sang, more deeper than my pants off
Don't effect and now you pop, kid and rock, just stop
No strung, no I didn't knock on tongue
Cuz it's wrong...
Cuz it's wrong...
Cuz it's wrong...
Cuz it's wrong...Embed
So you get my point son, you just don't trust no bitch
You know what I'm sayin? (Okay, daddy, I understand your )
Cause bitches ain't no good, you know what I'm sayin?
(Okay, I get your point) Anyway, listen to this, check it out

1994, as the world gets trifer
I'm wondering, fuck I need a woman in my life for?
Ya know, cause it's like a nigga whole history
With you hoes been nothing but misery
First rater, five-one stood
Mad coke fiend though the bitch looked good
Met her at the Fever, "What's going on, stranger?"
And like a fool took her in and tried to change her
I don't who I thought I's bluffing
That bitch wasn't giving up that coke for nothing
"Oh you tryna dis, mister bougeois nigga
Yet back in the day, you used to smoke coke cigarettes too
That type shit you ain't admitting"
Because, home girl, I grew out of it, you didn't
Anyway, dead outta order
Came in with a sheepskin her ex-lover bought her
Who gave you that? "My ex" I said "Who?"
Believe she had the nerve to say "You can wear it too"
When I found strength to depart, I do
Withdrew, for something brand new
You might also like
Someone who would be true
Yes, I should find someone who would be true
Cause Ricky needs a love that's true, true
Oh dear, Scooby Dooby Doo..

Then I met Syb, sweating the viking
A brown skinned fox, slim just like I like 'em
"What? Sweating you? Picture that, nerd.. please"
Anyway, the bitch had herpes!
You know, imagine me, the fool being the spouse
Doctor said I couldn't catch it 'less I got aroused
Found out snooping in her bag what she got
Now why you ain't tell me? You worthless slut!
"Because I loved you at the time and couldn't afford to"
You know homegirl should get the Oscar award for her lying
Anyway, stayed with the creep
One day, Sybil here, talking in her sleep
"Chris, wait," the bum bitch said
So loud 'til a mothafucka fell out the bed
Who the hell is Chris? She putting up resistance
'til I caught her calling the nigga long distance
Had the nerve to dispatch loving
Boy am I lucky that I didn't catch nothing
When I found strength to depart, I do
Withdrew, for something brand new
Someone who would be true
Yes, I should find someone who would be true
Cause Ricky needs a love that's true, true, true
Indeed, I need a love that's true
It seems I need a love that's true
Oh dear, Scooby Dooby Doo
Oh gosh, Scooby Dooby Doo

Though happy I was free, the need for love was still in me
Got to the point like the need for it was killing me
Then I met shorty here, hanging with my cousin
Found out later how young the bitch was and
Though I done hit it and she opened up a world
And remind me of that song "Go Away, Little Girl"
It had to end because the bitch weren't loyal, and spoiled
"That's because I had you pussy whipped royal"
You see the type of shit a nigga was gonna marry?
You see the type of attitude the bum bitch carry?
Like oil and water, impossible mixture
Then temper tantrums came into the picture
Yelling, carrying on bad and cursing
Complete embarassment to the Ruler as a person
"Gimme shorts" Ruler will not permit you
Then she goes wild, starts breaking up my furniture
Flirts too, excuse me, a whore
Like the world's worst groupie when I brought her on tour
So when I found strength to depart, I do
Withdrew, for something brand new
Someone who would be true
Yes, I should find someone who would be true
Cause Ricky needs a love that's true, true, true
Indeed, I need a love that's true
It seems I need a love that's true
Oh dear, Scooby Dooby Doo
Oh gosh, Scooby Dooby Doo1Embed
Oh dear, Scooby Doo do
Oh gosh, Scooby Doo do
Ricky needs a lover that's true
Show me the love that's true
Show me the love that's true
Show me the love that's true

Snap outta dat and I bet I snap outta dat
Snap outta dat and I bet so that -
Any time a girl a-flip on you like acrobat
Any time a girl a come wi too much back chat
Come now back to the bed, to dolly all to that
Come on to that, you damn a pure alley rat
Most sent to Mr. Fabulous and learn how fi act
Nobody make mi alley rat come challenge hijack
We know some boy wi know's a idiot, a idiot
Holding you back, holding you back
Girl I hold you back
Snap out, then run out,  race soldier
True anytime you touch I make a million fi that
Any time Ricky-D chat dance must start
Think he annoying, then, girl now I know that
She may never know - give plenty a gal heart-attack
Everything you got, now you know I carry on the response
When we check it out dominate we pure tit-for-tat
Hey can ya man one glimpse o' them attract?
Responsibility, they never want to factor that
They want all a ten-thousand dollar fract'
So sit with Mr. Fabulous and learn how fi act
And any type of girl a-use ya money fi ya drug
Any type of girl em have negative impact
Your type of girl and not intelligent intact
Time enough, I know I deserve better than that
Looks are not the only that they got to distract
Said the looks are not coming on strap, better on chat
You might also like
Scooby Doo do
Scooby Doo do
Ah ha ha

Dad loves you, dad's love is true
Heaven on earth, when dad's with you
Son please know dad's love is true
Together we'll make it just us two1Embed
Something tells Rick he's a fool
To let girls treat me so cruel
But never-the-less, Rick said "You got me waiting"
Sitting in my car, waiting for you-ooh-ooh, lalalala

I got a girl, but I'm about to switch all that
Because my girl be trying to play me like the bitch all that
Shoot, clocked her daughter, for acting out of order
To impress a girl who to me knocked her out the water!
But because the kid swears love
Though when I see her friend it's like the shit wears off
I don't bother, while she want to kiss and then cuss and full of hate
Get her friend? Mission Impossible
Because she's the one the hon chose to boast to
The way that her and the bitch is so close to be a waste
So make music in my basement
Don't cut her off until I find a good replacement
One day I jumped in my Jeep, drove her to her friend's
House, cause the hon was sleeping over
My girl was acting fine, then the slime switched
Wanna diss, I said "It's over, you waste of time bitch"
Tried to kiss her friend, twice then a third
She said "Stop, Rick", but didn't tell her friend a word
I went to bed, here come my girl touching me tenderly
Snuck out later, girlfriend wasn't acting as friendly as before
Because she swore a nigga hit her
"Well if you ain't love her why'd you go back to bed with her?"
But I didn't (no you ain't), now the hon badgering
I don't know, maybe it's me, maybe I'm imagining the love affair
You might also like
Got Rick sitting right here
Waiting for you my dear
Wondering if you're ever gonna show, you ho

Another brother out for one thing, mistook him for
Steady relationship is what I'm really looking for
Sincerity, scoop the hon I done it
I said "Being straight up, you I really wanted"
Though she fucked niggas with money like mad
Still found myself wanting the honey quite bad
Loyal to her friend, though she knew she wanted wood
Then we did it, boy that pussy was good
"But what if shorty finds out?" Never be too clever
"Rick, she has to know if we're to ever be together"
Chill, then we started to button the strap and
When my girl woke up, we acted like ain't nothing happened
Later on, my girlfriend stormed in
"We going to the supper club, some kid's performing
Bye, see you later"
Her girlfriend hot, let me see how they livin', Rick decide to follow
I'm outside of the club sipping a beer through the best can
Both sluts were sliding numbers to the next man
Contradicting of words being together
My girl, too, I should've known, birds of a feather
Back in my Jeep, about 4:11
Popped another can, looked up to the heavens
I'm a good man, in fact I know that I am
And I deserve a lady love, that's why I'm wondering why I'm
Sitting in my car, waiting for you-ooh-ooh, lalalala

Got Rick sitting right here
Waiting for you my dear
Wondering if you're ever gonna show, you ho

Something tells Rick he's a fool
To let girls treat me so cruel
But never-the-less, Rick said "You got me waiting"
Sitting in my car, waiting for you-ooh-ooh, lalalala3Embed
Woman: Come on honey, wake up
Woman: You said you's gonna get a job today
Man: *yawn*
Woman: Come on, we got bills to pay
Woman: I'm tired of this, no, y-you taking this too far
Woman: Come on, get up
Man: *sucks teeth* Rick'll give me some money
Man: Chill out, I'll go tomorrow, pass me a beer
*opens a beer*

Well I'm riding round the Benz truck with fake friends
Word, here they come now, yo Ricky lend me couple lenses
For lunch and all of that, I got to listen to this nonsense
What the hell Crumb, don't you have a consciense?
Ill treat the vogue, get the gold, chuck a heat in gear
Don't understand it til the blood sucker beat it
I see my doc, I'm said 'yo, doc, how's the health there'
Don't worry bout these pretzel muthas acting like your welfare
Word to parasites, tell me, hasn't it ever occured of
Stand on your own two, please, I never heard of
By the window in the bathroom, that one did it
Got a dress like a brother, then both of them will quit it
Potential is intelligent, and it's me you wanna rob
Hey, half cent hookers trynna act like snobs, get a job...
You might also like*DJ scratches*

You want a damn hood? No, here she go, I'mma gonna try, here to try it
Rick, my baby needs pampers; so buy 'em
Come on take me to Pizza Hut, work class cow
What would your man say if he could see your slut ass now
For five bucks, cool, window while she drives, barely missed him
Pissed him, dissed him, turn up the system
You ought of treat us to dinner, I'm hungry, said her daughter
She tried to crawl behind home, and heat bread & water
A rich girl, don't like, I said he's always the best
Yea, whatever, no question, project destined
Yo, what the hell is with you people, are you all incoherent?
Fifty years old, and still be living with your parent?
Not a break to breathe, yell on the phone
Take all I own, everything, and leave me the hell alone
Word up, now shorty rock steals and robs
For you half cent hookers trynna act like snobs, now get a job...
*DJ scratches*

This other hottie used to knock, used to buy her pearls
Please drive me across the whole entire world
My new man sure can't budget and he ain't too bright in math
Like it's my fault he couldn't manage money like that
Survive with your man, I didn't say grind the strife
And even worse when they never heard of 9 to 5
And you can't be gentle, or they get all sentimental
I don't work for white people, well work for Oriental
Her baby's mother, her friend, that's why plenty get killed
I'm in Peru, kids hurt, and I need twenty mil
On man written traps, deaf, dumb, blind too
I lost my wallet, son, sorry Gramps, lost mine too
Lonely on the step, but still I have a cold heart
So on the spot, is one horny old fart
Word thinking he intelligent, it's me you wanna rob
And all you half cent hookers trynna act like snobs, get a job...
*DJ scratches*1Embed
It's me at last, the Rickster, Def Jam's where I be at
And most agree it’s kinda amazing folks are born from where we pee at
Though I definitely fiend it, baby no way, chills, clever mean it being
Got to be careful (…be told), commercial ever seen it?
Want a few hot ropes, some ask am I cheatin’, do I? Nope
Not a dope, love the mother, also loves me too I hope
So I dig her a lot and although shorty honey break a nigga
How you figure? Bein’ a big rap money makin’ nigga
Cute as a button, he tell ’bout the time we picked for cotton
So it ain’t forgotten, hope I don’t spoil the nigga rotten
Also, don’t discriminate white, he’ll be quite bright, if taught him right
If not he like ask heavenly father, help me raise my shorty right
So when I come home with the coil, I say “yo shorty run to royal”
Seein’ as I’m loyal and livin’ on soil, it’s best when you have someone to spoil
So any toy, he wants he gets, yo kids ain’t worth it midst the toys
That they destroy, annoy, though me and his moms in middle of fits of joy and it’s a boy

Picture friends, milk and cookies, when you’re done with the boy’s game
Toy plane, Ricky Jr. being the bundle of joy’s name
And furthermore teach birds and bees
So won’t be a nerd and burst herds of, second and thirds of
And “Dada” better be the first words of
Just kiddin’, son’ll be  a one man girl, spend a lot on what I be wearin’
Best of care, best that money can buy is what he’ll be wearin’
With these weathers around, protect him, they’ll say in a cage I kept him
Though wage you kindergarten probably be another major step and
Lo and behold a star holdin’, ‘cause yo be loadin’ trips and sowin’
Ya knowin’? Throw in a fancy home for him to grow in
“He’s kinda pleasin’ to raise"… so baby say. No thank you… ease in
Sneezin’, now what do I do when he cry for no reason?
Though any toy, he want he get, yo kids it ain’t worth it, midst the toys
That they destroy, annoy, though me and his moms in middle of fits of joy and it’s a boy, yo
You might also like
Baby mom, under wing, though if dress up, could string
Line of cuties, though cling, don’t wanna mess up a good thing
You know how it is when guys that pay girls seem to hog us
Fiend and dog us, scheme for more guts
Goin' into labor date, 18 of August
It’s that time tellin’ friends, congratulate’s yellin’
Gonna be six weeks premature, but thanks to God, he’s doin’ well
And givin’ credit where it is due, while rap’s achievin’ let it
As for bills forget it, ’cause the way I rap, don’t even sweat it
My own when me and my hon son, don’t fuss, agree
Though son, I still kinda wish I coulda been there when he was born at 3:01
Bygone be gone, there’s nowhere wrong and all
Your son’s about and since I didn’t and this being the first
You know I had to write a rap about the incident
And the rose is for the squeeze, I would’ve sent a few no women with the kin in it
Wish us luck, world, as we enter a new beginning
And like I said, any toy, I’m tryin’ to tell ya that midst the toys
That they destroy, annoy, though me and his moms in middle of fits of joy and it’s a boyEmbed
Yeah, boy!
Check it out Slick, ya know what I'm sayin?

No complaining, I reached my destination and it's rainin'
I'm in Colombia, the Bond steps off the plane and
I hear a holler from a bro with ring around the collar
It's chief of police, greets Bond, tells me to follow
Treated me to everything, no taxin', maxin'
Gives me a hotel suite for me to relax in
Seems everyone was on my silk drawers
A cloud does it have to bug me a daffy nerve jumpin' out the closet
Word up, dead nigga said "Chief, how do you figure?"
Tryin to arrest me the Double for the murder of the nigga
Now in a cell, but not for long, and now I'm out I hear a weeping
One asleep, other sleeping, kept creeping
Bumped into another, my appearance was alarming
(To who) some lady that thought I'm charming
Please, the way I is I don't even have to say hon
So who's a Don? You better believe the nigga kept girl fond
The name's Bond!

Well, I'm outside and it's the chief with twenty thieves like the Brainiac
Beware because the Double 0 was bucking like a maniac
Till nobody lives, so hon, nowhere to do correct
Said "excuse me baby, but where they hiding the hooker at?"
"Around the block, but chill at least chill till the storm has stopped"
Decided it was a helicopter, sounds like its warming up
Grabbed ya leg, shot the chief, someone said "Stop hawking"
Shook me off at twenty-thou, the Bond got up walking
They was laughing as they left they grew thinner like Iraqi
Got the plans from the dying chief of police in her pocket
To make it even worse honey girl was definitely rattin'
Was holding her in a club that was happening in Manhattan
I'm on the plane in the day seemed nothing was a phasing
Except for the stewardess jocking the Amazing
But kept my composure, had another honey hon
Who the Don? You better believe a nigga kept girl fond
The name's Bond!
You might also like
Back at home in New York, I didn't want to get too overfly
You wanna know why I pulled out my 535i? (pimp!)
Boy I see some lookouts with some girls that was annoyed
It was a private engagement for the dealer and the boys
Double just passed the hoods with their faces painted
Walked in, say a good twenty girls fainted
Throw cousins all out but seems that everyone was shitting
And man I was so cool I even carried me a kitten (reowr!)
Trouble for the Double 0? Wouldn't swallow that
Who's the man with the golden gun and all of that
Turned curls of mercy, left blood on the walls of
Rescued the shorty who was all on the balls of
Whore said "You're late!" I don't wanna hear none of your dissing
Nabbed the cash, made a good twenty million for the mission
Good job, not to mention had the boss honey hung
So who's a Don? Better believe a nigga kept girl fond
The name's Bond!Embed

Is there a party over here, wit no guns and knives gettin in?
Now let and best, get sweat the life threatnin
Nettin is suggestin, guest do the restin
Mic test, KISS, BLS, who the best then?
Cuz when I appear wit hoes off a chair wit
Stare wit, I'm talkin bout a party over here wit
Main wreckin, girls be checkin, could be neckin
To respect and to remember every one of y'all a second to
Relaxin, gonna be friction, a fraction, attraction
You don't wanna see action, I ask then
Screw, cuz you don't know what the Rick'll do
Giggle to and as you can see a butt wiggle too
Fried and spin my bride and move your hide and
Nothing but a jammy on my side and
So cling on brother's arm, I'm thin
I'm wonderin, should I begin to kick ya mind and chin
Cuz I'm king


If ya forgot who was the man I'll stand and live kid
You will be bouncin up and down cuz I'm a grand individual
Shit you will fist and cheer to dear, disappear
To where you nowhere near to
And could never dream, run horse for Debra and
Clever trap a hook and screamin on yours forever and
Town to town wit the B-Boys sounds
That has the Ruler Rick announce, which amounts to bounce to
Classin, still hum the lassin, smash jewelry have like
Kids from the Bassin, cuz bodies lay about
Respect you better pay about
Obey about, cuz Ricky isin't sweatin what you say about
Hum on the clause, silent jay younger boy
Rap bein strong, cuz see this is violence ya hunger for
So cling those on them cling, I'm wonderin
Should I begin to kick ya mind or chin? Cuz I'm king
You might also like

Like Ceaser, I wanna chill ho on knees for
Please for, breeze, why money grow on trees for
Ten to play, I'm poppin willie on the way in
To K, the Rick could make a milly in a day in
Kid shot, cuz we on the boy's hot
Cuz the part don't start that's killin noise fart cuz
Strive kid, go for the nicest
One for the trife shit, run for ya lifest
As I scrape hoes, graspin to shape up
Clothes drape, tell me why you blastin the tape up
And up high to, as you boyfriend tried to be
Hoes fly to Vance Wright, tearin inside of me
Sonya, sweat so I bone ya
Let nobody clone ya, and get what I own ya
So hoes cling, those aren't I'm thin
I'm wonderin should I bring to kick ya mind to chin
Cuz I'm king
Embed
Well, I waited long time sweatin it
Gettin jerked but yea I'm gettin it
Early mornin, stiff's the dawnin' of
Cuz a brother give the warnin' of
A new we do we and
Paranoid to near silly and
I said meet me in the lobby skip
So one could cut down on the chubby tip
Alright, he flighty scared
To be in fear to show a mighty that
La Di Da Di wanted Gotti and
Although depending on the body and
Who I know was gonna runaway, how am I to live to serve the next day
When I know she's gonna be wit him, so hallelujah, praise God's King


Check it out, even candle light I figure and
Better handle it my nigga and
I think the best thing is to block her out
Cuz she doesn't give a fuck about
Someone change the choony and
You would of cared to wish the u-nion
She's not a phony, turn the Sony off
You better overcome the lonely of
Although a brother leaden bad
Thus don't know where I'm headin at
You see, cause even though we fought a bit
I find that just the very thought of it
When I know she's gonna runaway, how am I to live to serve the next day
When I know she's gonna be wit him, so hallelujah, praise God's King
And I know you're gonna runaway, am I to live to serve the next day
When I know you gonna be wit him, can't believe that this is happenin
You might also like

Well, I should say fine phoney gone
Although you say that I'm the only one
But, behind my back's thinkin of
Her father not the one I'm thinkin of
I'm distrustful what one done to end
Down wit this burden here I'm wonderin
I know I should say fine fair to ya
And think about all the girls ahead of ya
Though hard for me to just forget her and
Try to follow to the letter end
Although the terrible things we riff about
Her father wise that I can't live without
When I know you're gonna runaway, how am I to live to serve the next day
When I know you gonna be wit him, so hallelujah, praise God King
When I know you're gonna runaway, am I to live to serve the next day
When I know you gonna be wit him, can't believe this is happenin
I know you're gonna runaway, I know you're gonna be wit him
Seems I know you're gonna runaway, I know you're gonna be wit him
Can't believe this is happeninEmbed
I tried to block it out my mind

As you see Ruler shows his inquiring noses
Going into a story about a kid named 'Moses'
Once a prophet was to be born, before anything else furthered
Pharoah orders every first-born son murdered
One got away, a girl with prophet bound with her
Gently put him in a basket, went floating down the river
Then ends up by a Pharoah relative, ol' honey peeped in
Couldn’t breed herself and was determined to keep him
“Don’t say a word”, she told her slave who was a real witch
“Snitch, it’ll definitely be the last day you breathe, bitch”
While kids slaughtered cuz they was in front of them
Soldiers tellin the king that they murdered every one of them
"Thanks" said Pharoah, guys were a friend to him
Sister showin her baby saying the river god sent him
To her brother who arose and said, "Whoa, sis!"
Curious I suppose this, the upwards knows about Moses


As time passes, prove he wasn't the type to beg or borrow
Grew to conquer land like ain't no tomorrow
Made the Sun King jealous cuz he couldn't do what Mo' did
“Pops, I’m not to happy the way y’all jocking this Mo’ kid”
“Son, this rash behavior ruins every feast or bash
And why complain now, where’s the temple I asked you to build, you piece of trash?
Two of you switch, Mo’ you build it and you’ll find a supreme hero”
“Built it. Anything else you need, Pharaoh?”
King here’s startin’ to share my crown, one said, “How can he?”
But sister not takin’ any chance and threw the hooker off the balcony
But word still got to King, who then cold cursed blessed
Stripped him of his honors and dumped him in the desert
But Mo’ returned for the people, with his chest stick out saw
King said, “You want war? Make brick without straw!”
That’s a son not being king, the shorty no good rose his
Unhappy I suppose this, the upward knows about Moses
You might also like

The new King said, “As for your threats, brother, stuff it"
“Boy, what do I do now?” prayed the Prophet
Then a vision said “CHILL" and prophecy filled
Storm builds, hails of fire, all their first-borns killed
It was gettin’ scary for the king, this made the sufferin’ go by merrier
“You win! Take these peasants, get the flock out of my area!”
Poor villain, still in heat, didn’t want Mo’ to fulfill ‘em
Wasn’t chillin’ then he flat sent the troop to go and kill him
So Mo’ parts the sea, went across and said “Run!” and
Did some ol’ abracadabra and water fell upon ‘em
The soldiers that is, since Moses was suaver
Then Mo’ in the mountains havin’ a convo with the Father
Came back with the tens, seen pantyhose droppin’
Partner swappin’, folks wasn’t into what po’ Mo was poppin’
So the Earth shook and killed those, bible text closes
Talked about a time when idol worshippin’ foes had met Moses
2Embed
One day fishing heard Indian drums
Saw a brother, listen too, wife kissin' too
Then on another mission to
The city with the sistas, though was a far distance
There’s Lone Ranger outta area that needed my assistance
To deliver cash, last man got robbed, pimped
He never returned, I said “ok” and put the money in the Fendi
Then bumped into this girl
Looked like that that girl on “Mork & Mindy” and
“How” I said to the white trim, jockin' me the Indian
Comin' in all this heat, the kind for hopin' a chance for ropin' in
“How’d you like to put your Indian teepee in my openin'?”
Said that would be because the nigga wasn’t new to this
True to this, double barrel slide out the uterus
Calm, started singin' sad popular songs
Took the money and the hon', screamin' at the top of her lungs
Now on a hunt, “You carry leaf?” I was about to smoke a blunt
No, not without Fronto, screw girl pronto, name: Tonto

Was extremely pissed, still picturin' screwin' this
Woo, woo, woo, woo, woo
I don’t know why the fuck I’m doin' this
Nuisance, brother’s horse tracks, whose to choose?
Saddle loose, both thirsty cuttin' a cactus for the juice and
All of a sudden, these women like model ho’s in Paris
Ganged to rape me, the Indian, I was so embarrassed
Don’t pull a kid a minute, to give in within a minute
‘Til I seen a shack yonder, a couple livin’ in it
Shook my hand, friendly manner, though she pack her up and ran her
Couldn’t stand her, fondle her feathers like she wanted some banana
Led me to the back of the house, the hands that started track
Used it as my marks and then I nearly had a heart attack
Brush it off, deal wit the floss, way past disgusted
Said “What’s the matter, granny? Is your blind ass dusted”
Back in the hunt, now what do you want, poor granny offered me a blunt
No not without Fronto, screwed girl pronto, mean Tonto, grandma
You might also like
Found they’re small timers after all, wasn’t her intent to brawl
Pulled out my 45, “How, y'all. Up against the wall
“Where’s the hooker and the money?”, here she came, sweatin' mine
Then the bitch is pointin' a pistol at my fine behind
Now she a smart ass, should have figured when gettin' off the hottie
So the horse busted in, started lettin' off the shottie
Killed the men, slapped the girl, ‘cause she figured I’m stuck, trapped in
“Come on, Rick! A horse cappin’?” Yeah, that’s what the fuck happened
Grieve the folks, bleedin', sides red, I’m pleased and
Indeed, now I’ll let the Apache kill the bitch, no I need her
Playin' the role, better yet, “Well, is your pole up?”
Signals from the wife sayin' “What the hell is the holdup?”
Although he scares the honey, hit the switch dares to run it
Caught and scalped the daffy hooker, said “Bitch, where’s the money?”
Gave it up… hunt done, she wants a blunt and so it’s Fronto
That’s not what I want, so drop drawers pronto mean TontoEmbed
All the lonely guys.. {*echoes*}

Just gettin' off my job, ‘round Wall Street, with the ties on
Finest girl, a brother think he ever set eyes on
Nice day, weather sunny, as he made a run for honey
With a warm personality, well it’s on the money
I’d have tounged her right there, seemed kinda fun up there
Wonderin’ there, as he tellin' me he could get the underwear
Meanwhile, still jockin' her, like a real sucka
Sister wench was so fine, she could have AIDS, I’ll still knock her
Heart beatin' for her since a brother didn’t figure meetin'
As I ask her if she’s single, “yeah, caught my nigga cheatin'”
“Nice to meet ya,” leaves… she had dope combined features
Watched her walk away and observin' the fine creature
Next day again, went in uninvited, super angry with us
Ran into so much that her and her friends had start to hang with us
They pair and move, though fine, they both swine
“Can I take you out to movies? Wine, dine, the whole nine?”
She condones, good riddance, nigga slid this on her
Didn’t want to get to bone her, though I knew I didn’t own her
And I could’ve made a move, a little will power ‘cause although
That she told me she liked him as a friend and that was all
And since hang with us, she already told her, cool he freaked her
The week on my birthday bought me a pair of Gucci sneakers
“Did she like me?”, racin’ the thought. “Was it a sign?” Guess it weren’t immoral
When she saw me, definitely this is kinda special
Since for this dish, none abate, but everybody wanna play
“How long is money gonna wait?” So I asked a honey on a date
And she accepts, though thought it wasn’t much  a plan
Windows On the World, even had the nerve to touch her hand
Though not lookin' at. Bashful? No, sir
Suppose I was so shy and then the hon' pulls closer
Thought “clever hint”, so what she straight, never been so excited
And convinced, kiss, in heaven ever since
Holdin' her hand too, chillin', future plan to build
Couldn’t believe my dream fulfilled and then that girl began to ill by sayin:
You might also like
Lady if you will
Say you’re the one that sent for me to thrill
Someone that I can hold close in my arms
With all the charms of you
All the charms of you
Of a lady, this world is just for ladies
A heart screams out to ladies
A world of love’s for youEmbed
Been a public figure for quite a long time
Known to the whole world (for what?) style of rhyme
But tonight let's talk about the ones who bite
Although they know, they won't ever get it right
Cuz they got no class, and they have no game
And can't find another brother who boost it on pain
And hey hooray, on a one-way give me
I pack for ya lover, for them, cuz Slick Ricky is a


Walk into a party, come smart and laugh
As the girls go crazy, want me for my dear autograph
And it's me they be admirin, my new style of rappin
And brothers go around me, how I done the insanity
The girls say "wow" they can't spell the hate
Say fellas how you organize the word's today
On my will says "chill" and I do it by my way
Cuz that's how we port son, represent, represent


Remember one night when the world was dead quiet
And outta nowhere some boys start a riot
Take off my clothes, I had to throw blows
The shotgun barrel and dead on my toes
The pros, it was people and the knows
Had a bunch of small timers, the people on my show
Surround it and bring it wit my empty shift
And said um, will you teach us how to rap, no doubt
You might also likeEmbed
Eatin’ a bit and nap, human being make way spittin’
As I’m skippin’ through an alley in New York, a stray kitten
Dog chase couple of blocks, shucks, tough being a fox
He in a tux, some good samaritan’ll stuff me in a box
“I’ll find you a home.” Why do you cry? Where went? Just like whine
‘Cause ASPCA to me a kitten ain’t like right and
Constable comes, wonder why? I heard say “unhand the fly kid”
Because the bitch looked like she needed a home more than I did
Word, bit her off another like, not a committee, hit her off
Not to mention, sweatin’ the kitty litter off
Had to do this, ain’t no regular, see the loot is
With this rich white lady sayin’ “Ain’t he the cutest?”
Clerk said all deals are straight, so when the car wheels away
Although the ho’ better know I want four meals a day
The rest is firm bein’ a trap as the hon adopt cat
“Better be a good lil’ kitty”, hooker don’t pop crap
‘Cause I’m Top Cat

Let me hug him for the millionth, and again, great the zillionth
Huggin’ me so much, she almost suffocate the brilliant
Sad eyes, plus she had a bad pad, nice
Said I have to do my share of work, the hooker had mad mice
Was like a fleet of them niggas, though it was kind of fun to be ill treatin’ them, clean the mess, must’ve thought I was gonna eat ‘em
Cat food, this ain’t none to me, see a rat, you come run
Or like “hunt” to me, “you wanna get this shit from in front of me?”
Word, Thanksgiving too? Please, now shout for somethin"
“Can a nigga get some air”, she wouldn’t let me out for nothin’
I guess I could be called a brat and now a jolly ball of fat
So let me rub my head against her, so she think she all of that
And every day of the week, sweatin’, works like a sinner, stay off
“Would you lay off? I’m watchin’ Prince of Bel-Air, you’re in the way of”
Mouse race across the room, should’ve seen me stop trap
You’re still a hooker snap, didn’t I tell you don’t pop crap?
‘Cause I’m Top Cat
You might also like
Male come and the sex triggers, and his penis stiffer, bigger
Said “boy she sure be sleepin’ with a lot of different niggas”
Ten positions as he coaches, do it in the mood above reproaches
I wish the bitch would clean her house, you wouldn’t have so many roaches
But still he buggin’ and he comin’, and the naughty with the hottie
Fall asleep, burglar come, “up shorty get the shottie!”
Tried meowin’, nothin’ stirred him
The ho’s meal blurred him
Peed on a bitch, got up and chased me ’til she heard him
“What was that?” Got her gun, she had a dozen, mad lot
And for a over horny lady, definitely wasn’t a bad shot
Police came and all of that and now a hero hops, run to her
So I snuggle up under her, ’cause I’ve kind of grown fond of her
When a mouse run across, should’ve seen me stop trap
I thought the ho was gonna snap, she better not pop crap
To who? Top CatEmbed
Check, check, check, check, check

Well, let us skip the boring foreplay, I'm slidin' right in
This girl over my house who had to be about 19
Ass, hoes in my poster
She's sweatin' although she tried to hold her composure
I hoped she'd take it in the ass and suck dick
My, my, what a nice apartment you got, Rick
On her knees about to make her fall too
All platinum and gold jammies hangin' on the wall too
You got it goin' on
Now my mouth start foamin'
The lights dim, we're kissin' and my hands start roamin' in her drawers
Stop
Knew she was joking
'Cause I ain't even fuck her and her pussy was soaking wet
Already had her tit out
If I play my cards right, fuck her, dig in the hole she shit out
Rick, I gotta go, my girl's waitin'
She recaps, finally when honey drawers down to her kneecaps
Breathed heavy, all mushy
Bitch swore up and down I was gonna fuck her in the pussy
Since friends waitin' on subtle
'Bout time to make a move upon the hungry little butt hole
Meanwhile, she acted quite passive
Lickin' the hun neck while lotionin' that ass with jelly
Tit hung out the frame, nigga loco
Surprised honey didn't put up too much of a struggle, at first
Sinkin' in she ain't know how to be
The bitch went
Ahh, Rick, it hurts, take it out of me
Knocked my magazine down, bitch threw my papers
You wanna keep it down? I mean, I do have neighbors
Squirmin' away although the table was barrin' her
Felt real good, my dick was sunk so far in her
She said it felt like a bulldozer boring her
Squealing about she couldn't take it anymore in her
My cummed on her straight in the perm in her, (Here)
As I drained every last drop of sperm in her (Where?)
You might also like
So, girls, when we kiss and we cuddle
Ain't no way to put it subtle when I want the butt hole

Another girl I met, her experience vast
Because most girls with kids done been hit in they ass before
Picked her up, sunset
Don't be late for dinner, ma
Bringin' honey home from the date at the cinema
Thinking how to fuck the ass so plottin'
Blown in the elevator, hit the stop button
She smiled, by knowing that her butt I wanna bore
I said, "Can I have a kiss now instead of in front of your front door?"
Uhhmm, Oh yeah
Although The Ruler tried not to push hard
I'm all over the bitch like an octopus
Deep down I know she also wanna fuck
Though I kept my tongue in her mouth so not to put her on the spot
To have to talk no shit to prevent me from bonin'
Unzap the bra, when the hooker start moanin'
And expose my espresso, suck on her and lick on her
Unbucklin' pullin' out mad long dick on her
Panties in the way of that, but I want to check it out
Slipped her wet drawers down her thigh and took her leg out
Her butt was juicy, kinda fat
Spun around, start to stick her in the pussy from the back
She came, mad juice dripped out
Still in the pussy then acted like it slipped out
Cum on the floor, she said "Pardon the puddle"
Spread open her cheeks, pushed hard in her butt hole
Uhhmm, wasn't a bad date at all, she went, "Ahh, ahh"
Start pullin' at my balls while I'm still penetratin'
Felt fantastic, she said
"Rick, I'm not really into this ass kick"
Meanwhile, Rick cummin' by the gallon
Put your hands on the wall, please
And try and keep your balance
Lickin' the grill in her, meanwhile fillin' her
'Til sperm start pourin' out her butt hole while I'm still in her
Then start rammin' the pine in her
I almost picked her up with these final grinds in her
So, girls, when we kiss and we cuddle
Ain't no way to put it subtle when I want the butt hole

My ass, more, more, more7Embed
Well, I shot some deer, then I copped some beer
And did a show up in West Bubblefuck somewhere
Due to rap's wider ratio, satellites to Nato
Hillbilly drawers flew on the stage like tomatoes
Apparently more mack than I thought
Unfortunately, wife piece back in New York
And I'm starvin'
Being human and open with
A mad fine hillbilly woman was scopin' Rick
Thought entered how to lean and bent it
Though I'm not gonna lie, I was extremely tempted
(To what, Rick?) To discharge in a sister
Next thing, in the dressin' room, "Pardon me, mister"
Yes, I said cautiously, "Crazy, but possibly you could sign
Your name on the back of these Dazy Duke shorts for me"
Try to resist, now girlfriend startin' it
The pen won't write, "You can press down hard on it"
Now, my hand browsin' her South end
Spun around about to shove my tongue in her mouth when
(Rring!) Loosen the grip my hell had
My girl, she was talkin' so nice I felt bad
Being untrue, no tellin' what it might do to her
"I love you", forced to say, "I love you back, too" to her
Any thought of gettin' pussy was doomed too
"You got a wife?", anniversary comin' up soon, too
Got off the phone, cock just got mute
"Don't get me wrong, it's not like you're not cute" (Uh-huh)
I'm wrong for mistreatin' her, the wantin' to skeetin' her
"I understand, goodbye, it was real nice meetin' ya"
What an angel overcomin' his wrongness
The moral I am tryin' to get across in this song is
You might also like
If goodness is what you're fillin' your soul with
And wanna find a woman you can chill and grow old with
Who keeps no secret, like who they creep with
Realize early, it's a 2 way street, kid (Say what?)
If goodness is what you're fillin' your soul with
And wanna find a woman you can chill and grow old with
Who keeps no secret, like who they creep with
Realize early, it's a 2 way street, kid

Casually seatin' with some thick chords eatin'
With my album playin' at a big board meetin'
"I love this!"
Being the coolest and the ruffest
A big willie woman pulls the Ruler in her office
And fixed a wedge in her garment, unsteady my heart went
'Cause her office looked like a three bedroom apartment
Poundin' was inevitable
She said to me, "Rick, I think your album is incredible"
The way the hon' upon I, comin' on a sun I
"You're so darn sexy with that patch over your one eye"
"Well, I'm glad you think it's boomin' and I catch ya
Means a lot to me, comin' from a woman of your stature"
I mean, who could resist the Don head?
Start caressin' Rick private, kiss me on the neck
And I can't be held accountable if down her gown I pull
Girlfriend pussy look plump and poundable
She sweats to set the emperor
Put one of your legs up on the desk and let me enter ya
Fantastic, though I start to act drastic
When I see my weddin' band 'pon the bitch left ass cheek
Deep down, she felt that I tried to diss
I'm like, "I can't do this as much as I'd like to, miss"
An angel overcomin' his wrong, kids
The point that I am tryin' to get across in this song is
If goodness is what you're fillin' your soul with
And wanna find a woman you can chill and grow old with
Who keeps no secret, like who they creep with
Realize early, it's a 2 way street, kid (Say what?)
If goodness is what you're fillin' your soul with
And wanna find a woman you can chill and grow old with
Who keeps no secret, like who they creep with
Realize early, it's a 2 way street, kid2Embed
How can I forget you?

Rick the Ruler, Raekwon, hehe the Chef, check one, two

Touch more, taste a glass of oil, flash yours Rick
Money we saw, left 'em dead on the door, dick
Rocks look chunky on the index
Straight up, Lee vets and like old Adidas sweats
We the illest vets

Apologies, even a non-dog holler "He's honor"
Please, appreciate shit I Clark Wallabee's
Brothas wit they fists like oaks wood
Provokes doom, and you're also about to go broke soon

Mad current merchants, we nursed it, bad guerillas
Feed us like guaranteed they gon' kill us
Fleein', ninety in a night suit, G-in' white dudes
Hit the locks first, we made a right troop

I'm lushin' Russian women, via satellite I'm watchin'
I dare a nigga say he wanna battle me, I'll crush him
Even blind girls rush next to Hammera and scream out
"Oh my gosh, get the camera"
You might also like
Yo, we frozen, lay on, about now we a day on
Ill niggas yellin' "Throw Rick and Rae on"
Hydro, how did I blow, how did I flow?
Did I glow? Let them niggas know

(Yo) Rap wars commence and they kids cause offense
I don't have to say a word and your bitch' drawers are drenched
Didn't say I was gonna murder the fella
But The Ruler got some shit the could stop a herd of gorillas

Stressed wit Hollywood hoes, actin' up
Backin' up, what? This yours, what?
Crawlin' in the cut, we Lee Major
Gems on wit Timbs, brims on drawn to lay you up
Layin' in the 'dezvous, what?

Next pull up CEO wit bank books full up
Even though he's overwhelmed, this nigga Rolls Royce pull up
One of the baddest come, noddin' to a Spanish song
Slung, orange Woolridge park and a Savannah pump

Severe teaspoons, scary money on the moon
Lampin' wit a big goon, keep shit tight like a kid's room
Big Bird in the driveway, pull it out, Friday
I'm liver that way, I ride only the fly way
Olive-green thinkin', ship sinkin'
Deep-dish thinkin', big fish tank, wrist full of Franklins
This is mock-neck, shark-skin money
'88, summer, read the dunn, dummeries rock dungarees
Punctures his lung, son says "I don't want this"
Even this so-so beat I make monstrous
Lady cops stake to watch pair hoods
"Freeze, you're under arrest, you look mad good"
Hot and don't fret retard who won't let
The new sheriff's in town, what part you don't get?
Rick and Rae are now restorin' the passion
The fashion, the class, I went to work on your ass
Embed
Well, I'mma tell you a story and I come out bluntly
Born an ugly child; hey, nobody would want me
I used to walk around and get upset and upsetter
Till I figured out ways to make myself look better
As I got older, my awareness expanded
I met this beautiful girl and my wish was commanded
Didn't hang wit fellas cause they started gettin shady
I'd always be wit my girl and ya could call her my lady
I loved her a lot, word up, not going to front, see?
The problem that arose is why on earth did she want me?
Couldn't figure it out, and to make things worst
I was cursed, wit the torment of not being the first
And the first was this fly guy, made me very jealous
Always think she'd cheat on me and talk to other fellas
Two wrongs don't make a right, but any time that we fight
I would call and took a phone and call a girl outta spite
I shouldn't have done it

I'm feelin sad and blue

I will to make this right, so director was admirin
I tried to stop my love, but no love was not retirin
To catch her in a lie was near impossible and tricky
Didn't want her in certain clothes, gettin really picky
We got into it again, this time she got to bright
So me preventin a fight, I just stayed out for the night
I had to ease up of the record, all this hot increase
I went up to the Parrot, with Omega, Vance, and Dane
This girl came over, she was trucked down extensive
Startin talkin to me, and she was probably quite aggresive
A pretty young thing, she didn't strike me as no ho
So meet my nigga, rude and went on wit the flow
But Joe was gettin hard, without me even knowin
We stepped up back to my van and I could it's for growin
The girl took off her coat her body was no joke
Well, I rubbed it to unzip it, and I went for broke
I shouldn't have done it
You might also like

Now I’ve sinned and there's no one to blame
That night when I went home, I felt real guilty and ashamed
Snucked right into bed, I felt just like a shady fella
What made me so unsensitive, how I'm ever gonna tell her?
Shouldn't have cheated, just because we'd always doubt
Endurance, be a man, that's what I had to learn about
How me, I guess I like the wanted secrets that I did
I figure, I'd patch things up and then I'll tell what I did
Then after that, she started actin heaven sent
I found a house spot, let's say she help out wit the rent
So, I bought the ring, it was a good 20 Karat
Then word got back about me chillin at the parrot
So when I got home, I thought she'd just be out to roast
Instead I found this letter, and I found her overdosed
It said "I had it for you but I guess you didn't care"
All this wouldn't happen come of me and this fear
I shouldn't have done it
1Embed
All of you cock-pullers are frontin
Wave your arms around like your some octopus or somethin
To better ya
For any chick you want, I'm gettin her
Rob people, mad ignorant, et cetera
Who the one to entertain and fume with?
Who you no-breed humans can't be in the same room with?
Reefer sweet, wrap it up, free fix greet
Every rapper rap maggot underneath Rick's feet
Evicted -- why you tryin to find shit to lick with?
Even your kids tell you that you ain't shit to Slick Rick
Though you pretend to be glory
I'm number one, that's the end of the story
The black Clark Gable leave you numb
Every single one, frontin on your label is a bum
Let me slow it down, that's enough of that
This I have to say to you, nothing, other rapper cats

From New York to Cali none'll fuck with
The awkward, you think Muhammad Ali used to talk shit?
Bing!  This sure hit alone'll bury ya
And even if I got deported, I own America

He's so crazy -- I smash rippin up the place
Give the mack a taste -- I wipe my ass with a rapper face
Cars come to a dead stop
Rain find ways not to drop on my headtop
Tycoon rush at the richest
Even my complexion is a must-have to bitches
Even without, car money to budget
I would have the most elegant apartment in the projects
Knahmean?  Bitches are in awe * at the lingo		* (pronounced OAR)
Know that Rick'll put an end to all rapper income
An old-timer, lock up all vagina fills
France nor Italy can fuck with my designer skills
Saltin inferior, faultin to where we are
Tryin to find fault in superior
Let me slow it down, that's enough of that
This I have to say, to you nothing other rapper cats
You might also like

You lack the taste hook I'm stickin em with
While degenrate like yourself make our race look ignorant (mm)
And your girlfriend wanna kiss and deploy
Bout in the groin gets none of this tenderloin
Feet planted on deep black firmament
Bow -- in the presence of who lead rap permanent
Like a lion rap rips a chunk of kids
You stunk, cause mortals ain't shit to conquer
Somebody said new pharoahes have appeared
How when everything I wore ten years ago you wear now?
I coulda murder heard a word out quick Rick stomp it kid
Hung to it, you complete bum to Rick
Source Awards, yeah Rick every seminar
Even make Sadaam Hussein tell me where the weapon are (mm-hmm)
Let me slow it down, that's enough of that
This I have to say, to you nothing other rapper cats
Embed

(Uhh check it out..... S&S......
Rick the Ruler '98........Def Jam.....)
And here we are, in the phase again
That ol' funeral music, is he goin to heaven or is he goin to hell?
I don't know, he's right in the centre, y'knowhutImean? (Uhh uhh)
(Uhh-huh huh, uhh-huh huh, uhh-huh huh, uhh-huh c'mon
Uhh-huh yeah, uhh-huh c'mon, uhh-huh '98 c'mon.....)

Nigga no way any rap better than, act better, that
Veteran of rap *?ceteran?*
Brung on, motherfucker sung on, run on
Come on, go and have fun on, run on
Immediate, conceited?, no he really ain't
The main ingredient, comedian, must be obedient
Reason why the player who away a few, say that too
Cos no one else can talk shit way I do
School kid, the cool slid
And I rule wid, still shoot wid my tool kid
Ain't no way on Earth to faze Rick, the man plays with wit
Eras-ed the man amazin the bassin
Border him, all on ya albums slaughterin
Better spin like slavery when I order him
Rejects creep yet keep step
Every borough, every state, every country in deep check
You might also like
Mack all of it, controller shit, catch hold of it
How you gonna move Slick when cats lack soul to Rick
Accept, yet no chances that they make plans
To wreck and make a nigga, breakdance the record
I turned and learned this sequel I burned went
Urgent, mad white people like servin
Interested with, gets congested with
Clowns, haven't made a record yet, impress the kid

No entry, let's keep a hood rhymin shit (A-party people)
Are you tryin to have yourself a good time or what?
No stressin you, type of beat bring out the best in you
Allegeble, ruler came to add a touch of blessing to
Niggas think they bashin me, his majesty
Are garbage and never were no match for me and actually
Many a girl catch this fever
And I don't need anyone else rap with either
If this is based on skill, kill anybody will
Affiliate Rick grill to Hicksville
Same ruler move with cowardness out of this
Never out power this, devour this and now it is
Time for one to leave upon impeach
Help teach all men how to live amongst each (KnowI'msayin?)
Although a lotta creep yet keeps
Every borough, every state, every country in deep check
Mack all of it, controller shit, catch hold of it
How you gonna move Slick when cats lack soul to Rick
Accept, yet no chances that they make plans
To wreck and make a nigga, breakdance the record
I turned and learned this sequel I burned went
Urgent, mad white people like servin
Interested with, gets congested with
Clowns, haven't made a record yet, impress the kid

The bounce men, S&S sound bend
Listen up kid, an important announcement
There's a rapper I know many interested in
Named Rick, no rapper alive could mess with him
Makes records all audience roar to
Grandmothers show, skill on the dance floor too
Freakin awesome, of course I'm married
High school broads keep your drawers on
Cos this one in perf' pace
Guaranteed to make you break fool at the work place
Diligent, shout out Mr. Militant
Allow me to do my thing, it's all brilliant
Although sometime the reign may slip
Can't skip my part on the humane tip
Ain't shit, you rejects creep yet keep step
Every borough, every state, every country in deep check
Mack all of it, controller shit, catch hold of it
How you gonna move Slick when cats lack soul to Rick
Accept, yet no chances that they make plans
To wreck and make a nigga, breakdance the record
I turned and learned this sequel I burned went
Urgent, mad white people like servin
Interested with, gets congested with
Clowns, haven't made a record yet, impress the kid

Slick Rick and S&S now, c'mon
Slick Rick and S&S now, c'mon
Slick Rick'll make ya move your butt, c'mon
S&S'll make ya move your butt
Throw your hands up, throw your hands up
Throw your hands up, throw your hands up
S&S and Slick Rick'll make ya move your butt
Slick Rick and S&S'll make ya throw your hands up
S&S and Slick Rick make ya move your butt
S&S'll make ya throw your hands up, c'mon
Slick Rick'll make ya throw your hands up, c'mon
S&S'll make ya move your butt now c'mon
Yeah c'mon, yeah c'mon
Yeah, S&S and we're out, OOOOHHHHH!!!!!1Embed
Yeah, check, check, I can't, I can't manage I, I can't
(But you must Rick) I can't, I can't manage
(But you must Rick) Ah, shit

Hoes ass kiss cause I'm like Jason, vision
Releasin' me a basket case from prison - Pissed
Blood feenin', the villain like 'Wassup ya'll'
Deep down schemin' how to kill 'em
Misleadin' a bit, although proceedin' a hit
I made 'em feel I'd never jeopardise my freedom for shit
Played the empty headed part
Though the moment they dreaded start, neat
Back of the head and took the credit card
Seen properly decease
Made it look like an everyday robbery to police
And I's out
Police believed a thief pop for sureity, a jerky
Alert the rest to beef up security
And not to get flashy, although another blast occurred
Another brother deservin' to get massacred
Pleasure in poppin' that flea
Should a heard mister tough guy coppin' mad pleas
Not insane, nor am I biased
Though feels good to watch a motherfucker die before
My fly ass
Ain't nuttin' to blast, fuck it
Then I put some crack vials in the ass pocket and was off
Police said a thug awaited, since I didn't leave no evidence
A drug related incident
You might also likeI still clock the mil' figures, cock back triggers
Reason why your girlfriends dig us - cause I kill niggas
You are my shining star, my guiding light, my thug fantasy
You are my shining star, my guiding light, my thug fantasy

Well I had it up to here, that's why a brother buckin' trife
And gettin' way with murder, this the motherfucking life
At a jam, nine figure on shelf
While your army a nigga snickering among self - thiefs
Who wanna clock the bread off the next
That's why Im gonna blow their fucking head off
Maybe the victor get stuck up
Giving these clowns opportunity to bulk up
They knowin' that the kid crew showers, eye cowers
And leaves for 'bout a good two hours
While they're like 'we coulda caught Rick what, for allsort'
That's what the assholes thought
Tough guy mumblin', I thunderin'
Why I had a motherfucking A-K ya wondering
And raise it higher, start giving them the fire
As they scream like high pitch women like Mariah
Blood on the wall like, other brothers ball like they hit
Seein' shots split a motherfuckers skull like lettuce
Run a nigga best bet is for another duck in gage
I'm in a motherfucking rage
Mask 'bout face, Now figure dash
Smash 'bout 10 ta 15 nigga ass out
More enemy dug, deceased, caught
Had not, gave one fuck what police thought (what?)
But first I best provide all brainiacs
With evidence of a suicidal maniac
While I clock the mil' figures, cock back triggers
Reason why your girlfriends dig us - cause I kills niggasEmbed
Yeah, know what I mean Rick?
Know what I mean Rick?
Know what I mean Slick, Whoa!
Yeah, wee!

Fine, grown Pine-Sol, heavenly rhyme throne
Remember when you were young in the '70 time zone?
Stages, age is 'bout seven, I say, kids
The dress code of our parents looked awfully outrageous
Not down on 'em, games and clownin'
When soul was at its highest rate like James Brown and them
Soothin' every black thing, a groovy era actin'
'Member seein' Shaft in the movie theater back then?
I feel Richard Roundtree got 'em a fly deal
Black men wearin' bell bottom and high heels
Laughed a lot, some action, mass production
Remember when cars were darn near half a block long?
Parents were so into that crap
Bunch of sweet memories to us older rap cats
Muhammad Ali knucklin' in tournament
Pimp daddy hats with buckles and ornaments
How we forget Snappy?
Five people sleepin' in one mattress and yet happy
You might also like
Could even make sex seem sour
As I impress the world with my extreme power
'Cause Rick make memories sealed in almanacs
Not to mention the immense appeal the mack had
When you wake up in the mornin' (redeem from any crap)
Because I bring that lovin' feelin' back to rap

For situated as poor beneficialator
Kool-Aid couldn't last a hot minute in the refrigerator
School notes, slidin' and stealin', hidin 'em
Bazooka, bubble gum cartoons still inside of 'em
No way, same essence of it's earned paper
Pimps flyest dressin' muthafuckas, weren't they?
But hood lies, you afraid of a good wine?
I used to love the actor who portrayed one on Good Times
You need a friend to warn a soul, man, it kinda slow
One thing 'bout it bro, overflow when it's kinda so (shame)
Life, a pitiful game
'Member the robot? That was my shit on Soul Train
Got hyped too, psyched too and the feelin's right too
Chillin' on the fire escape on a nice night, too
No one gone try hurt di mon
Remember Right On, Blood and Jive Turkey slang?
Brothers chippin' in for alcoholic money
When you look at old flicks don't we all look funny?

Yo' mama, damn, we used to talk improper then
'Member when we used to walk bop, walk bop again?
Givin' them the rhythm that we brought
Push our hand back like we was swimmin' when we walked
Bad all about, Huggie Bear, Rat all about
'Member afros, what the fuck was that all about?
Buenos noches accents too, friends too
Everybody had a lot of roaches back then, too
Profusely around us, Lucy Afarensis
Fleets wearing Bruce Lee Bananas
And kick shit, ball in the hand and stick with
And we use to be in some of the "Man, you in deep shit"
Most cases, father away for good
Local Flat Foot was part-of the neighborhood
Standard, and the panthers (Wow)
Used to dress like Erykah Badu and Amanda's now
2Embed
Finally, a change from these fake rap artists
(Me and Nas bring it to you hardest)
Finally, real niggas that are Billboard charters
(Me and Nas bring it to you hardest)

Skills provide the shows, also fright the foes
And when I step into a room, pimps hide they hoes
"Is that really him?" "Yes, that's His Highness
And for the last time, stop lookin' at his fine ass" (Y'know!)
Homosexuals smirk, converse and say
"That nigga box is WORKIN', girlfriend!"
You wanna talk about a fat phrase carrier
To billionaire white chick jump the race barrier?
You know a nice girl, but I didn't want a bit of her
Sayin, "I like your slang, what's with the wife? Get rid of her"
Son, Sony talkin' Japanese
With mice like, "Whattup Rick? You can have my cheese, kid"
I am such a heavy hitter
Even chandelier jealous off the patch eye's glitter (bling!)
Rappers walkin' 'round strappin', fearsome, HERE, SON
And remember, your rap career's done

Finally, a change from these fake rap artists
(Me and Nas bring it to you hardest)
Finally, real niggas that are Billboard charters
(Me and Nas bring it to you hardest)
Finally, we'll separate the men from the heartless
(Me and Nas bring it to you hardest)
Finally, a tag team from the top all-starters
(Me and Nas bring it to you hardest)
You might also like
Run in spots, pants leg tucked in my socks
Puffin' Lamb's Bread, order drinks, Henn on the rocks
Wintertime, sport a fox, maybe a sable
Three-quarter length mink sound right for this occasion
Heard me John Blazin', see me in gangster flicks
Life is so amazin', hate to be paperless
Bill Gate in this, it must be God, I'm not a atheist
Wanted like kingpins by ATF
Your girl want my name on her chest
Me and Rick argue about whose chain is the best
Gucci boxers, my diet changed from sushi to pastas
Wear my hat like the late Sinatra's
Models pop they coochie when the spot us
Finally, rappers you could be proud of
From the Bronx to Queensbridge Houses, what?
If you feel me, then holla
Thug niggas who bail be worth a million dollars, what?

Trackmasters, Def Jam
Baby, what the deal?
Slick Rick, big Nas, yo3Embed
Check, check, check, check
Check, check.. * Slick Rick starts humming a snake charmer song *
Yeah..
They say.. that Rick Rick is..

You're all garbage, that type talk I'm on
Dumb one becomin glad the great one walks among
Whisperin, couple I scuffle eye
You little feedback niggas don't want any trouble
Rick'll own clout, sewn bout
Lick a throw now, how til death I kick a bone out
Why pursue for folk object?
My record will be barkin all through your broke project
?? Yes my dog art, best to park her, kark her ??
You don't want death to walk her
Not sayin that -- ain't nuttin could do me
But in the rap game, all secondary to me
WHOA, whatever I settle
If a nigga wanna eat he better never cry battle
Hell yeah, ram the one sell fare elsewhere
Put you and your family on welfare

(Ricky D!) Rip it up, your watery blood
Ain't thick enough, yo wack niggas ain't slick enough
Ready and willin to face you, death awaits you
The king piece in the chess game, to checkmate you
You might also like
Ooooooooooh, twist shot bitch, ?? voter ignores ??
Watch toys duck, consider rap's ultimate voicebox
Devour, and addressin dem coward
How can one man posess so much power?
Rhyme tearin through, bash all trifle
The eyes and spare a few assholes lives
This object -- brothers are glued to knob lick
'Scuse me, if I'm bein overly rude to public
The favorite -- make you fall in love, make whoever with
Clever kid, make you do the best steps you ever did
The trick is, managin to kick it
It's no such thing as challenging the Slickest
It's double-or-sure shot, crumble before spot
(I know) Must be humble before God
Ringing, cat must fear king-ing
Party over here, type atmosphere spinning


Ooooooooooh, I toy your cheddar top-netter
You find me a human being, boy or girl bet-ter
It's short son -- nurse and them soundkick bark on
Stop talk, stop worshipin the ground Rick walk on
Bitch play number one bougie
Wish they could give motherfucker some pussy
Seen the face of supreme in tasteness
Never see another human being this greatness
Successful, and the hype is effectful and
Sorry God if bein any type disrespectful and
Hip-hop, assume pop's acquited
Now with tick-tock, you don't stop, hit it!
Command Rick, shower the firmament
Earnin it, tremendous power is permanent
Unless frame interest dame
Let's name who the king piece in the chess game
 4x

Yo, we can battle in front of the castle, I'll disgrace you
I roast you, I burn you, I bake you
I cremate you -- I motherfuckin hate you!
The king piece in the chess game'll check mate you, nigga!
Ricky D y'all..Embed
"Ricky, you the nigga don't forget it" (6X)
"Ok, ok, ok, ok" (6X)

Well as you know, thousand tear off their blouse
Be aroused, have a spouse, try 'member who house
And big hitter in leavin' a fitter in literin'
Get rid of considerin', rocks glitterin'
Walkin' over like a hawk and stalkin', king souls
Every one walkin', one of a batch, want a hatch for a poppin'
When a catch for a play in batch four another match for
As can vision upon pull, now it's all full to a rich or for the poor
Without no more delays, sissy world flips, 
Because of our way, niggas yell, hiphiphoorayin'
Is it? So as the next kiss it, and a sex miss it
Remain the exquisite, as I shower the hits
Best split or let me see you overpower me twit, 'cause I ship


Blocks and blocks stare in the jocks
Hip hop the fox, knock niggas out box
Wit the fly green socks and the limelight flappin
It's nothin dap in this, so champion of rappin is
Brother girl fiend brought a jugga
Though I overlook her, being dream but a hooker
Yo who got things sowed, one guessed it
Blessed with, he can't mess wit
Bulletproof vest sweat like doors like Coron'
Hello psycho home, pass that microphone
Hearin', whole world cheerin'
Nun scaring, eight million dollar ring wearing
So let it be as the world said it
Cold sweat it, Ricky you the nigga don't forget it
As I shower the hits, he best split
Or let me see you overpower me twit, 'cause I ship
You might also like

Yo, why in the world is rap white wind
Then sent for a mental, who dance or I enter
Present to the fans, who want a picnic bent
To get sent to spray praises on new found intellect
Though I'm wettable, who fedeble, unedible
Mic said mad incredible
Never heard of us, when your words are dust
Send you move like murderers, not murderers proud to say
Girls go 'wow' and 'ow' to now show ya how to bow to
Scoop-a, in the train goopa, don't bloop a
What, Rick you playin supa dupa
How Slick ya? You best get the picture
The one eyed kid, remain victor
As I shower the hits, he best split
Or let me see you overpower me twit, 'cause I shipEmbed
In the field makin' my brick without hayin'
Mad busy kid, nah whip cut here
"You, Boy, drop your bundle bring your butt in."
A soldier, what I do to that hood?
"Are you that slave everybody tellin' me rap good?
Calm down, not goin' ta murder ya
Clean yourself, Pharoah said he wanna have a word with ya"
My mom, pop, look concerned
After takin' a shower, dress and returned
The soldier, kinda on the dark end
Brought me and the motherfucking palace was barking
In the midst, a poet, dryin'
Pharoah and his girl being entertained by him
Motherfucker got some nerve
Said "Bring slave forward, let me observe"
He asked me my name and start badger me
"Ricky, what?", 'Ricky, your majesty'
And bowed because I had to
"Kick a rap that shit better sound fat too."
Who rotten 'em
Plaits swing, but have you forgotten 'em
Biggest big shouts since King Tut and 'em (who rotten 'em)
Kids ville, motherfucker couldn't sit still
All bitches is open off Rick's grill (who rotten 'em)
Definetly exort, any stalkin'
Hawk gawkin' at silk fabrics when I'm walkin(who rotten 'em)
Fondle with right, yet, spec get delighted
All a that jungle shit, whites rap
You might also like"He's fat" queen said to the pharoah excited and
Did seem obvious the rap delighted him
Then start banging on the plate (Yes your honour?)
"Send this other rapper to the lions" (Please, no!)
Pleaing with merit, if you kill him for my sake
My raps will lose spirit
'Please let him live, I prefer that'
"OK, well, send him where this slave used to work at"
Do or die jammin' me into
Even was allowed to move the family in too
Any beat better rap good on
Even gave me mad nice outfits to put on
Knowing that my rap style bumped many
And expecting some important company
The king visits where I was put to write
"Slave, you're behind, better rap real good tonight"
In other words, lay your mack down
Cause these cats not the one to sound wack round
So that night, when they summers be them clapping
Took a deep breath and then began rapping
Who rotten 'em
Tryin' a find out what excite, what I write
What ignite with
Lion never once tried to bite Rick
Excusely, assumed to meek, refuse to greet
A smoother geek, just move ya feet
Shocked all dippin' and stoppin'
Even slave owner wanted me to whip a man, fucker
Shakin' any prison, kickin' back, sick of crap
And sista breakin' when a nigga rap
Well it was obvious the raps unpluggin'
Dignitaries spat wine out they mouth, buggin'
This they never heard that type a tactic
Gold sandles all over their fat steps
One dignitary overwhelmed me said
"I'll give you half the eastern border if you sell him"
Back at the rest spot to nap a bit
Mom! Pop! They delighted with the rap i did
"Son", my mom said sweepin' up
"That lunatic'll kill you if you don't keep it up"
What's wrong with you, "Son, I'm not scornin' you
Leave your best for a rainy day, I'm warnin' you"
Ripped my ego apart
So I set upon a mission to change the king heart
'Sire, whippin don't pay off
A lot more done you give a nigga one day off'
He took my advice, steady elegance
Sir noticed that my input was accurate intelligence
That type meant ta stripe, kids
Even after he died, I still write raps like this
Who rotten 'em
All teacher and scholar try proceed me, believe me
I am all culture that you need be
And superior juice to abuse, I choose
Use words racist slave owner used to
Sandwich known crook, redbone hook too
Got his own land, which you're known look to
Not only ass wipes, swept side kick
Shocker and them niggas even try to dress like Rick4Embed
Yeah kid..

Well first of all, sit your, cause I'm Victor
The Ruler decorate a record just like a picture
Slicker licker isn't this vigorous
Motherfucker too Don Suave for any nigga it's
I sold that offender
Short killer note is that I wrote a tremendous
Old neighborhood chow, now Rick vow
Even rich niggas must bow now
Extraordinarily handsome, grandson
Pack your bags, suitcase out the mansion
Any time that you wish that - I flow that
A whole bunch of big shots bums, now you know that
Opinions, wifepiece - hers fat
You wish a rapper could be better than perfect
Candidate, who talk shit anyway
And this is what most bitch walk this planet say

Ricky your rappin is trapped in me
Ricky your rappin is trapped in me
Your rappin is trapped in me
Your vocals is trapped in me
Your voice gets trapped in me
Your lyrics is trapped in me
Your vocals is trapped in me..
You might also likeYeah, yeah, yeah, yeah

Fecal sick of it, through the thick of it
Even my cat like, "Ricky you the nigga kid"
Certain rappers earned thou aren't shit
Watch them nigga ass squirm now in front Rick
How dare you figure it out one come fair
Nigga career, buried now somewhere
Gladys Pips and off her, force her
Even back when I was the fattest shit the world saw
DJ, attack the eight track
White black motherfucking men RCA jacks
Royal, holla me, all y'all
Know I lead you, follow me, all four
Centerpiece, narrow in the shit ass
White House bounces off the power that the kid has
While other rap plundering under ya
You incredible, unstoppable wonder you
Candidate, who talk shit anyway
And this is what most bitch walk this planet say

Ricky your vocals is trapped in me
Rick your voice gets trapped in me
Ricky your lyrics is trapped in me
Ricky your rappin is trapped in me
Rick your voice gets trapped in me
Ricky your style gets lost in me
Ricky your lovin gets trapped to a T
Eyepatch and kneel, don't well that's a heel
Can't even go to the bathroom mat for real
Vision, won't patch eye kiss of the
Three gay niggas pushing up like prisoner
Can't stand and the Ricky is organic
On the real, got too much style for this planet
Woman hard mark, old charcoal nigga
Don't make me get the jewels start sparkle
Anytime you hear the La-Di-Da-Di start
Bitch underwear been flung off the body part
And find, they assembling grand rhyme
Can't find, I'm overwhelming to mankind
Why discrepancies erupt to
And play with intelligence you cannot measure up to
Candidate, who talk shit anyway
And this is what most bitch walk this planet say

Ricky your rap gets trapped in me
Ricky your vocals get trapped in me
Rick your voice gets trapped in me
Ricky your lyrics get trapped in me
Ricky your lovin gets trapped in me
Ricky your style gets trapped in me
Ricky your lovin gets rocked in me..Embed
Not tryna claim things I haven't earned honest, man
Slick Rick and OutKast is on this jam
What, kid? Diamond on the tooth — 2 grand
Tryna help raise our youth to men
So give the Ruler Rick his space to slam
Help clean up this land
The reputation of this man
Withhold and withstand

OutKast and Slick — the answer is in it
Hun, you need to get your ass on the dance floor this minute
We bruise stuff, knock you out shoes, socks
Show your ass, move you forgot we're mad smoove snots
La-Di-Da-Di (Mmm), we like to party
Don't make me get money and platinumize my body
With bright stuff, known to earn a dyke's love
Blind folks be like, "Somebody turn the lights off"
Immense strength poppin' out a muffin
Make famous artists that's dead hop out a coffin
At the real estate, behavin' type choosy
Want a palace with the shit beige and light blue, please
Got the kid like "Watch your manners"
Since I came out of jail, it's like the planet gone bananas
Lack the strength a badder fella had
Lady lookin at me all stink, I had to tell her that
You might also like
Not tryna claim things I haven't earned honest, man
Slick Rick and OutKast is on this jam
What, kid? Diamond on the tooth — 2 grand
Tryna help raise our youth to men
So give the Ruler Rick his space to slam
Help clean up this land
The reputation of this man
Withhold and withstand

Uhh, I went from "Player's Ball" to bulldoggin'
From bulldoggin' to bowhoggin'
Now bowhoggin' and pimpwalkin'
Then strictly fresh and street talkin
And we all last like that there
Ruin them all up like cat hair
We never fall off like hat wear
We some of the dopest MC's out there
Now, eat that
OutKast and Ricky D — bitch, can you beat that?
Remember the time I laid them down to Teenage Love?
Now, see that
Just to sport a rhyme and break in new patterns like hymens
Shuckin' and jivin' was never the style
I'm gon' keep on being this lion
Spittin' that king shit, you cling shit
A tailor and a seamstress
Blue gators for you haters and the penis for all you beatches
Like an addiction 'cause I need it, hip-hop is that I fiend it
Like a junkie, show me your monkey, 'cause I sho' nuff like to beat it
Might just eat it just to skeet it
Fold you up like you was pleated
Like some slacks and, relaxin', be strollin' like Sir-Captain
See, I got a baby daughter, and I feed her with this rappin'
Not trappin', b-boy, but rappin', huh
Ye-yeah, yeah!
Not tryna claim things I haven't earned honest, man
Slick Rick and OutKast is on this jam
What, kid? Diamond on the tooth — 2 grand
Tryna help raise our youth to men
So give the Ruler Rick his space to slam
Help clean up this land
The reputation of this man
Withhold and withstand

Seems everybody's open off the grammar
The white fox pink velvet suit, white cabana
Listen, baby girl, genius Rick ta..
Dreamboat, bitch, you shoulda been clicked picture
(Check her out) I don't know what you're tryin to figure out
Down South, barbecue ribs fly out a nigga mouth
And touchin' me The Chosen, for such a will opposin'
Me and Big Boi tryin' to give our children clothin'
Smokin' love, do we provide dope enough?
Even people unborn kid wide open off
The enginin' I'm sendin' in
Even make construction workers start actin kind of feminine (Hi!)
10%'ll blast this hit
From me and Big Boi who represent the OutKast clique
A jealous cat, lack the strength a badder fella had
Lady lookin' at me all stink, had to tell her that
Not tryna claim things I haven't earned honest, man
Slick Rick and OutKast is on this jam
What, kid? Diamond on the tooth — 2 grand
Tryna help raise our youth to men
So give the Ruler Rick his space to slam
Help clean up this land
The reputation of this man
Withhold and withstand

Slick Rick and OutKast is on this jam
Tryin' to help raise our youth to men
So give the Ruler Rick his space to slam14Embed

This is... a world premiere...
One time y'all, as we turn the heat
Once again, as we turn the heat
Make it hot, make it hot, hot, come on, uh

Her legends, trying keep it soulful
But just since its (Slick Rick) being an old school legend
I decide to make a jam the kids will slam on
(DING DONG) How you doing, Gigi? Is your man home?
In the living room I see the brother sitting
Say what up yo?

Yo we cooked 'em in Atlanta

You think we didn't?
Bitch coming on, beat box stunning, son

Yo, where'd you get that outfit?
You might also like
One twenty from (?)
Seen the vibe Cali's on
Lets do an up to date, Doug, put your Ballys on
I burn 'em on, chick got to storm
While other rapper cat' kettle go hot to warm
We Turn It ON
(Uh uh on, uh uh on, uh uh on)

As we turn the heat, yo, yo, uh
Here's a blast from the past,crowd movers of the future
Unlimited, hitting it like we used ta
Boost a track son, we all that son
Where you been Rick?

Me? Missing in action
Here's a story bout a cutie, bout a rich, bout to ditch
I'm also known to fuck the beauty out a bitch! (Say what?)
Might not shoot you in front of group two
Run a boot, did I mention I'm also quite cute too?

Yo, yo, yo fashion and glamour is ammunition
Cats wishing to rip it like this, keep fishing
Your flow ain't long enough, strong enough
And record sales aren't (vocal scratching)
Enough. Slang it on a phatter to a badder kid
Don't matter a bit, I had to shit, and boomerang
Inadequate
Chick got to storm
While other rapper cat' kettle go hot to warm
We Turn It ON

Yo, as we turn the heat, yo, yo, yo

I bogart through, and then be screaming no hard screw
Hey go-cart crew, your checking out "The Show Part 2"
A fellow I know, "Is this supposed to sell?"
I hope, so well, I spoke, and this is what I tell white folk
I don't discriminate, don't lack the stimulant crack has
Battle story man, and I'll eliminate your wack ass
Backwards tactics, Show for act it
Me and Doug Fresh took over this rap shit
Flushes, so as usual tossers
Better give us our props as you're new school wusses
Good times, patch rhyming brought back
And all you other rappers that's trying to talk crap
I'm not the devil, but your worst nightmare
Sick of rebels, and none of you motherfuckers can
Reach the cat's level
Four motherfuckers got to storm
Other rapper cat' kettle go hot to warm
We Turn It ON, niggaEmbed
* audience applause *
* siren sounds *
"MC... Ricky... D" * last syllable scratched *
"Okay party people in the house" * scratched *
"This is the original grand wizard"
* cut and scratched "Slick Rick" *
 * scratched "Slick Rick" *
"Something funky push that in em"
"Ricky... D"

Is it a custom - to what? To provoke out a hostile apostle
And make him smack the coke out your nostril
BAP, the butter cat at gutter rappin and I'm all man
Whatever gotta happen gotta happen
Boy don't make me put my grown man shoe in you
And I'm sorry father, for any wrongdoing doin you
Cause dogs barkin and the girl sigh
Here to present myself as the sparkle of the world's eye
Picture I - where Spice Girls chick arrived
England, January 14th, six-five
While you scream out "Grannyville
You old ass rapper!" You got it, but can he still
Sever, in other words, rap more clever
Like no other younger rapper walkin could ever?
Apparently I done this, on this
Stunned his behind - out the way of who reign
I RUN THIS
You might also like"Hurry up, run" * cut and scratched*
"Run, run, run, r-run" * scratched from Run-D.M.C.*
"Hurry up, run" * cut and scratched*
 Out the way of who reign, I RUN THIS
"Run.. run, r-run" * scratched from Run-D.M.C.*
 Stop the world kid, bring it home Slick
"run, r-run" "run, r-run"

Are, you, ready? "run"
The fact is, mack caught cable in an actress
And really is the black Clark Gable of the rap biz
Racists reactin, hastin for action
The motherfucker got exquisite taste for a black man
What you never know? All clothes come off a ho
Ever see me with my jewels and toast from off of Mo'?
*psssh* Past where handsome measures
Like the whole entire Rat Pack, AND some precious
And chartable, such a big spark I pull
Nuns even say, "That motherfucker's remarkable!"
And aliens who came to earth gathering
"Great gosh the man has soul, we must have him"
Like a catastrophe, there isn't none after me
Liz will throw away her walker and run after me
Snatch crowns -- done this, on this
Stunned his behind - out the way of who reign
I RUN THIS
"Hurry up, run" * cut and scratched*
"Run, run, run, r-run" * scratched from Run-D.M.C.*
"Hurry up, run" * cut and scratched*
 Out the way of who reign, I RUN THIS
"run, r-run" "as we go" "run, r-run"
"run, r-run" "as we go" "run, r-run"
"run, r-run" "as we go" "run, r-run"
"as we go a little somethin like this, HIT IT!"

Up Hastings, crew downfaced and lose
Either one way or the other, foundation choose
Although the prune I kick, I didn't come to wound a sick child
Hit a lost world, actin like a lunatic *blblblblbl*
Who provoke til a heard of smoke
Forced good men to pull out and start to murder folk
Tired of the basement placed in
Take responsibility for your action as a race then
Instead of put cheer in our bone, paperhood promote
Negativity, and fear in our own neighborhood
Since royalty breed to be (uh-huh)
And I puts small seed where small seed need to be
Like an angel tend to fly as, mention I as
I didn't make the laws, but they make sense to my ass
While waiting for the world end, won this
Stunned his behind - out the way of who reign
I RUN THIS
 See what I mean kid?
"Hurry up, run" * cut and scratched*
 That patch-eyed motherfucker RUN THIS
"Run, run, run, r-run" * scratched from Run-D.M.C.*
"Hurry up, run" * cut and scratched*
 I RUN THIS
"run, r-run" "run, r-run"
"run, r-run" "run, r-run"
"run, r-run" "run, r-run"
Are, you, ready?? "run"
 RUN THISSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
"Hurry up, run" * cut and scratched*
"Run, run, run, r-run" * scratched from Run-D.M.C.*
"Hurry up, run" * cut and scratched*

Yeah BABY, Slick Rick
1999, 2000, the whole damn thing kid it's all mine
Go AWAY
"MC" *scratched* "Ricky D" *last syllable scratched to fade*Embed
Say, Rick, why you keep playin' me and shit?
That's some foul shit (I know, I know)
I stand by you and shit (you're right, you're right)
Nah'msayin? (That's fucked up)
That's my word, I should cheat on your ass
(Nah, don't do that, don't do that)

Back in the day, we'd slow kiss
And man, I did search for an ulterior motive
'Cause all your look is sound hype
I wanna see if you're worthwhile, settlin' down type
God knows there's bigger
So, observe to see if you're gonna sweat the next nigga
Oh, help me make green light furriers
You know in life you can't race around with no worthless
So, continue the sequel
You weighed in the scale and we lived as free people
Then disagreein' erupt too
I don't feel my standards are bein' lived up to
So, erection conquers, I ran out, went and had sex in Yonkers
God knows that's flakin', jerkin' her
And not the replacement grade is lookin for

I thought you didn't love him, didn't need? (lay hey hey)
I thought you said forever, 'til deceased (lay hey hey)
I swore you were dishonest, do you believe? (lay hey hey)
I'll search this world forever, are you real? (lay hey hey)
You might also like
Low is my time of honor
Friend material and not that type of barner
So, myself out of chump
Would the problems with havin' worth that type of jump?
Commitment, Rick act cruddy
And regardless, move made and back studyin'
Still screamin', thrown and elegance
Grown, don't play around, grown intelligence
Fix what bother, and another
If speed's not made, once again, who gonna suffer?
Stubborn fools game, the mule came
Over here wit a girl from the old school name
Though hit and all though back's about wit memories
And that's about it, 'cause

I thought you didn't love him, didn't need? (lay hey hey)
I thought you said forever, 'til deceased (lay hey hey)
I swore you were dishonest, do you believe? (lay hey hey)
I'll search this world forever, are you real? (lay hey hey)

An uneasiness kept here
Even after we made this big giant step here
Womanhood, somewhere in the basement
Slowin' down again, so I'm lookin' her replacement
Music, poundin' a slow jam
Wit a girl knowin' and down wit the program
Although the honey aim style king
Would of took groomin' and tamin' the wild thing
Loud, uneasiness brought out
Still tried to shove my tongue down the bushy broad mouth
Speedin', chasin' after vacant
Tried to string along but I didn't have the patience
Learned from cussin' and confusion
Breakin' commandments wasn't a solution
Though a few minor clicks in relationship, still time to fix things
I thought you didn't love him, didn't need? (lay hey hey)
I thought you said forever, 'til deceased (lay hey hey)
I swore you were dishonest, do you believe? (lay hey hey)
I'll search this world forever, are you real? (lay hey hey)Embed
I falls off into a party in the NYC
Niggas lookin' at me strange but they lovin' my chain
Bang bang, same thang, game came when I left 'em
I do it by my lonely, now, I'm the Big Homie

But I'm his Royal Slickness, ghetto weakness, 'cause  Rick is
The one who expose cornball rappers with the quickness
(Uhh) Who bum from and who balls you hung from
Wouldn't give a fuck what part of the country you come from

I'm Snoop Dogg, I'm smooth and imperial
I wake up every mornin' to my Lucky Charms cereal
Times get drastic, yeah, I'm a classic
Dogg Pound Gangsta chokin' off that Boombastic

Now, put my verse on the first one, peep the herds come
So be careful 'cause my rap will make you eat your words, son
(Word to God) Scratch I? Who the hardest to match? (I)
Bite, rewrite, you're still garbage to Patch Eye

Haven't you heard? I'm loose, shook the Feds like The Juice
Snoop Dogg is 121st proof
Fool, you's a deuce-deuce of some Genuine Draft
I'm genuine like vintage wine, and all about cash
Cash, cash, so indeed I got the weed
And keep the lighter for the hash
Has it ever been a time when you didn't have a dime
And the only way to get it was to go and do a crime?
You might also like
Many underclothes hangin' on the hoes
Since (Snoop, Slick Rick) crushed anyone opposed
(Lot of ladies) pop Cristal, toast to all those
Like (Kid Capri) helpin' to Unify both coasts

I'm shreddin' ya temper, none 'head of the emperor
Washed up gang member — better remember!
I wipe my feet upon a rapper like a doormat
I hit 'em where they sit around actin' hardcore at
Thank God for the guardians, in light of this
Rappers always beg for me to show them who The Mighty is
Gats gonna limp, snaps on a king
And always wanna start rap war they're not gonna win
And wanna dash at lethal or evil
Could a king bring style and class to black people?
Stick a whole log in and he buggin'
'Cause I represent self, with my man Snoop Dogg and 'em
I drop a pile of semen on 'em
Even in a Yugo, I could take they woman from 'em
I make the hardest chew they kewl to this
Kid Capri (Yeah?), notify the peasant who The Ruler is

I'm 26, still in the mix
My hair gettin' longer, my game gettin' stronger
A nigga been on one, I thank God
'Cause life in the city of stars is gettin' hard
And it's odd, for a G to get a job
So I'd rather steal and rob and mob with my squad
My homie used to bang, now he follow Farrakhan
Used to read The Source, now all he reads is the Holy Qu'ran
Time brings change and change brings time
Listen to me hit ya with this gangbang rhyme
Nigga, whattup?! Who up? YOU up!
Doggy Dogg is on the mic, I'm here to fuck it izzzup
I give it to y'all, like you really gotta have it
Dogg Pound Gangstaz, boy, this shit is gettin' tragic
But I'mma make me a grip and dip quick
And fuck with my nigga Kid Capri on this G shit
Dial tail and bail with my nigga Slick Ricky
And all you niggas talkin' bullshit can just miss me
Can't twist me, you fuckin' paper haters
I'm dippin' in my '98 gold Navigator
I'm dippin' like a lo-lo
Bouncin', smokin ounces', fo' sho', tho
1Embed
Here's an oldie but goodie
Hit it

Excuse me (what?) Can I have your attention? (mhm-hmm)
There's just a few things that I've got to mention (mhm-hmm)
There's girlies out here that seem appealing
But they all come in your life and cold hurt your feelings
I'm telling you, as Rick is my name
I wouldn't trust no girl unless she feels the same

Treat 'em like a prostitute (do what?)
Don't treat no girlie well until you're sure of the scoop
'Cause all they do is they hurt and trample
Listen up close, here comes my first example

Now ya been with your girlfriend for quite a while
Plans for the future, she's having your child
Celebrate with friends drinking cans and quarts
Telling all your friends about your family thoughts
One friend was drunk so he starts to act wild
He tells the truth about the kid, "It's not your child"
Acting like a jerk and on his face was a smirk
He said, "Your wife went berserk while you was hard at work"
And she led him on and tried to please him
She didn't waste time, she didn't try to tease him
You might also like
Treat 'em like a prostitute (do what?)
Don't treat no girlie well until you're sure of the scoop
'Cause all they do is they hurt and trample
Listen up close, here comes my second example

Now your wife, you buy the tramp jewels and clothes
You get sentimental and bring home a rose
Give her everything 'cause you swear she's worth it
All your friends tell you "The bitch don't deserve it"
Love is blind, so there goes your wealth
Until one day, you see things for yourself
Came home from work early Mr. Loverman
You had a card and some candy in your right hand
There's the mailman, he was short yet stout
He went inside your house and didn't come back out, bust it
Just a friendly stop, come on, is it?
The mailman comes and he pays your wife a visit?
The thought alone makes your temperature boil
You say to yourself "She might still be loyal"
You open up your door and stand in a trance
You see the mailman's bag and the mailman's pants
Came home to party, at work had a hard day
Look around your house and you say "Where the hell are they?"
Run upstairs up to your bedroom
You look inside your room, you see something brewin'
Cover your mouth because you almost choke
You see the mailman's dick way up your wife's throat
Treat 'em like a prostitute (mhm-hmm)
Don't treat no girlie well until you're sure of the scoop
'Cause all they do is they hurt and trample
Listen up close, here comes my last example

Now your girl, she don't like to have sex a lot
And today she's ready and she's hot, hot, hot
As you open up the door she says "Get on the floor"
She wants to try things she's never tried before
She takes off your drawers and works you over
She calls you Twinkles and you call her Rover
Next thing you know the ho starts to ill
She says "I love you, Harold" and your name is Will
That's not the half 'til you start to ride her
Take off your rubber and there's one more inside her
It's not yours - who can it be?
I think it was a slick rapper, his name is M.C. Ricky

Treat 'em like a prostitute
Don't treat no girlie well, treat no girlie well
Treat no girlie well until you're sure of the scoop4Embed
Guess who's back
Guess who's back
Guess who's back

Hey young world, the world is yours
Hey young world, the world is yours
Young world young world, the world is yours
Young world

This rap here, it may cause concern it's
Broad and deep, why don't you listen and learn
Love, peace, happiness, that once was strong
But due to society, even that's turned wrong
Times have changed, ayy, it's cool to look bummy
And be a dumb dummy and disrespect your mummy
Have you forgotten, who put you on this Earth?
Who brought you up right, and who loved you since your birth?
Reward is a brainwashed kid going wild
Young little girls already have a child
Bad company, hey, now you've been framed
Your parents are hurting, hurting and ashamed
You're ruining yourself, and your mommy can't cope
Hey, little kids don't follow these dopes
Here's a rule for the non fool, your life don't drool
Don't be a fool like those that don't go to school
Get ahead and accomplish things
You'll see the wonder and the joy life brings
Don't admire thieves 'cause, hey, they don't admire you
Their time's limited, hard rocks' too
So listen, be strong, scream whoopee-doo
Go for yours, 'cause dreams come true
And you'll make your mommy proud, so proud of you too
You might also like
And this is a message, that the Ruler Rick threw
And it's true

You know, you know what, you know what, you know what?
We like to party, like to party
You know, you know what, you know what?
We like to party (Hey young world, the world is yours)
(Hey young world)
You know, you know what, you know what, you know what?
We like to party, like to party
Yo, peep this

Hey Mr. Bigshot, hey, don't you look fly?
But you don't have a dollar, ohhhh, my my my
You've been fightin’ again and, you forgot why
Hey kid, walk straight, master your high
Why? Because you make your family cry
And all jokes aside, are you in good health?
Hey little boy, now have you really checked yourself?
You're a disgust, you know someone that I can't trust, you'd
Steal mom's welfare, and you'd run and buy some dust, and
Plus, I must say, big shot, you're not
Your friends are talking and I'm hearing that your girls are what?
You didn't know? Go steal and rob
And while you're at it, go get a suit for a job
You see you're actin like this urge is demanding
C'mon, wake up, have some understanding
Society's a weak excuse for a man
It's time for the brothers, it's time trying to take the stand
Believe it or not, the Lord still shines on you, he
Guides you, and he watched you as you grew, plus
Past the age of, a little child, that's true
But folks your age don't act like you do, so
So be mature, and put the point to a halt
And if you're over eighteen, I wish you'd act like an adult
Don't live in a world, of hate, hate, hate
Pull yourself together, and get yourself straight
Men don't steal, hey, most don't borrow
And if you smoke crack, your kids'll smoke crack tomorrow
So be more mature, and kids do your chores
Make your own money, hey, be proud that's yours
You know why, 'cause that's a man, that's brains, no spite
Stayin out of trouble, when it comes in sight
And a man never loses a fight, in God's sight
'Cause righteous laws are overdue
And this is a message that the Ruler Rick threw
And it's true

You know, you know what, you know what, you know what?
We like to party, like to party
You know, you know what, you know what, you know what?
We like to party, like to party
(Hey young world, the world is yours)
(Hey young world)
Yo, peep this

MC... Ricky... D...
The Grand Grand Grand Wizzard
And his and his partner
And his and his and his
And his and his and his partner
Say what?
La-Di! Da-Di! La-Di! Da-Di!
La-Di! Da-Di! La-Di! Da-Di!
La-Di! Da-Di! La-Di! Da-Di!
La-Di-Da-