Ah, ah!
I'm sittin' in the crib dreamin' about Lear jets and coupes
The way Salt shoops and how to sell records like Snoop (oops!)
I'm interrupted by a doorbell
3:52 - who the hell is this?
I gets up quick, cocks my shit
Stop the dogs from barkin', then proceed to walkin'
It's a face that I seen before
My nigga Sing, we used to sling on the 16th floor
Check it!
I look deeper; I see blood up on his sneakers
And his fist gripped a chrome four-fifth
So I dip
Nigga, is you creepin' or speakin'?
He tells me C-Rock just got hit up at the Beacon
I opens up the door, pitiful: "Is he in critical?"
Retaliation for this one won't be minimal
'Cause I'm a criminal way before the rap shit
Bust the gat shit, Puff won't even know what happened
If it's done smoothly, silencers on the Uzi
Stash in the hooptie, my alibi: any cutie
With a booty that done fuck Big Pop
Head spinnin', reminiscin' 'bout my man C-Rock

Somebody gotta die
If I go, you got to go
Somebody got to die
Let the gunshots blow
Somebody got to die
Nobody got to know
That I killed yo' ass in the mist, bitch
Somebody got to die
If I go, you got to go
Somebody gotta die
Let the gunshots blow
Somebody got to die
Nobody got to know
That I killed yo' ass in the mist, bitch
You might also like
Uhh, fillin' clips, he explained our situation
Precisely, so we know exactly what we facin'
"Some kid named Jason
In a Honda station wagon
Was braggin', about how much loot and crack he stackin'
Rock had a grip so they formed up a clique
A small crew, 'round the time I was locked up with you"
"True indeed"
"But yo, nigga, let me proceed
Don't fill them clips too high
Give them bullets room to breathe
Damn, where was I? Yeah
Went outta town, blew the fuck up
D-Roc went home
And Jay got stuck the fuck up
Hit him twice, caught him right for the Persian white
Pistol whipped his kids and taped up his wife (niggas is trife)
He figured Rock set 'em up, no question
Wet 'em up no less
Than 50 shots in his direction" (uhh)
"How many shots?"
"Man, nigga, I seen mad holes"
"What kinda gats?"
"Hitchlinks, Kochs, and Calicos"
But fuck that
I know where all them niggas rest at
In the buildin' hustlin'
And they don't be strapped
Supreme and Black is downstairs, the engine runnin'
Find a bag to put the guns in
And c'mon if you're comin'
Somebody gotta die
If I go, you got to go
Somebody got to die
Let the gunshots blow
Somebody got to die
Nobody got to know
That I killed yo' ass in the mist, bitch
Somebody got to die
If I go, you got to go
Somebody gotta die
Let the gunshots blow
Somebody got to die
Nobody got to know
That I killed yo' ass in the mist, bitch

Exchanged hugs and pounds before the throwdown
How it's gon' go down?
Lay these niggas low-down
"Slow down, ah, fuck all that plannin' shit
Run up in they cribs and make them cats abandon ship!"
See niggas like you do ten-year bids
Miss the nigga they want and murder innocent kids
Not I
One nigga's in my eye, that's Jason
Ain't no slugs gonna be wasted
Revenge I'm tastin' at the tip of my lips
I can't wait to fill my clip in his hips
"Pass the chocolate, Thai!"
Sing ain't lie
There's Jason with his back to me
Talkin' to his faculty
I start to get a funny feeling
Put the mask on in case this nigga start squealin'
Scream his name out: ("Ay yo, playboy!")
Squeezed six, nothin' shorter
Nigga turned around holdin' his daughter14Embed
No big up our gun men, seen? (Big up, big up)
Cuh dis ah '94 when ah RAA fi kill people and kyaan dun
Nuh waan pussy hole hold di kaanah
Watch this, lawd

Me holla respect, to all the gun men dem
Gun men alone, keep gun men friend
Fire bun, fi all the informer dem
Informer lone keep informer friend

1970 something, nigga I don't sweat the date
My moms is late so I had to plan my escape
Out the skins, in this world of fly girls
Tanqueray and Hennessy (Uh) until I call Earl (Uh)
Ten months in this gut, what the fuck?
I wish moms would hurry up so I could get buck
Wild juvenile ripping mics and shit
New York, New York, ready for the likes of this
Then came the worst date, May 21st
2:19, that's when my mama water burst
No spouse in the house so she rode for self
To the hospital, to see if she could get a little help
Umbilical cord's wrapped around my neck
I'm seeing my death and I ain't even took my first step
I made it out, I'm bringing mad joy
The doctor looked and said, "He's going to be a bad boy"
You might also like
Me holla respect, to all the gun men dem
Gun men alone, keep gun men friend
Fire bun, fi all the informer dem
Informer lone keep informer friend

Now I'm thirteen, smoking blunts, making cream
On the drug scene, fuck a football team
Risking ruptured spleens by the age of sixteen
Hearing the coach scream ain't my lifetime dream
I mean, I want to blow up, stack my dough up
So school I didn't show up, it fucked my flow up
Mom said that I should grow up and check myself
Before I wreck myself, disrespect myself
Put the drugs on the shelf? Nah, couldn't see it
Scarface, King of New York, I want to be it
Rap was secondary, money was necessary
Until I got incarcerated, kinda scary
C74-Mark 8 set me straight
Not able to move behind the great steel gate
Time to contemplate, damn, where did I fail?
All the money I stacked was all the money for bail

Me holla respect, to all the gun men dem
Gun men alone, keep gun men friend
Fire bun, fi all the informer dem
Informer lone keep informer friend
Me holla respect, to all the gun men dem
Gun men alone, keep gun men friend
Fire bun, fi all the informer dem
Informer lone keep informer friend
Ninety-four, now I explore new horizons
Mama smile when she see me, that's surprising
Honeys is tantalizing, they freak all night
Keep ducking cops on the creep all night
As I open my eyes and realizing I changed
Not the same deranged child stuck up in the game
And to my niggas living street life
Learn to treat life to the best, put stress to rest
Still tote your vest man, niggas be tripping
In the streets without a gat? Nah, nigga you're slipping
If I'm dipping on The F with weed on my breath
Original hustler with the muffler on the TEC
Respect to the macks in the Ac's
To the freaks in the Jeeps, lick shots to my peeps

Me holla respect, to all the gun men dem
Gun men alone, keep gun men friend
Fire bun, fi all the informer dem
Informer lone keep informer friend
Me holla respect, to all the gun men dem
Gun men alone, keep gun men friend
Fire bun, fi all the informer dem
Informer lone keep informer friend

Now this is Diana King doing a Yankee thing
In a Biggie Smalls thing, do it, Ja
Have mercy!
The gunman in all de party
And everybody feel irie
And everybody just follow me, follow me, follow me
Have mercy
The wul ah we in ah de party
And everybody look irie
Now di man them sexy, sexy, sexy
Do it

No mercy fuh nuh big up unnu self
Cuh we nuh watch nuh this girl seen?
The hardcore thing we ah deal with
Oh yes, we are the best
No other guy can test

Shit, Mami, damn, why you actin like that, man?
'Cause I don't be doin' this
I'm sayin', you know it ain't nothin'
It's just part of sex, ya know'm saying
But you know I don't do this
I don't even know how to do this
I'm just sayin', jus— just a little peck Mami, for daddy
Just a little peck
Like that?
That's what I'm sayin', yeah
You know I don't be doin' this though
You know that
Whatever bitch!29Embed
Biggie Smalls is the illest (Uh)
What? Uh
Biggie— Biggie— Biggie Smalls is the illest
Uh
Biggie Smalls, Biggie— Biggie— Biggie Smalls
Biggie— Biggie— Biggie Smalls is the illest
Uh, yeah
Biggie— Biggie— Biggie Smalls is the illest

Live from Bedford-Stuyvesant, the livest one
Representing BK to the fullest
Gats, I pull it
Bastards ducking when B.I.G. be bucking
Chickenheads be clucking, in my back room fucking
It ain't nothing
They know B.I.G. be handling
With the MAC in the Ac' door paneling
Bandaging MC's, oxygen, they can't breathe
Mad tricks up the sleeve
Wear boxers so my dick can breathe
Breeze through in the Q
Forty-five by my side, lyrical high
And those that rushes my clutches get put on crutches
Get smoked like Dutches from the master
Hate to blast ya but I have to
You see I smoke a lot
Your life is played out like Kwame
And them fucking polka dots
Who rock the spot? Biggie
You know how the weed go, unbelievable
You might also like
It's unbelievable
Biggie Smalls is the illest
It's unbelievable
Biggie— Biggie— Biggie Smalls is the illest
It's unbelievable
Biggie— Biggie— Biggie Smalls is the illest
It's unbelievable
Biggie— Biggie— Biggie Smalls is the illest

B-I-G, G-I-E
A-K-A., B-I-G
Get it? Biggie
Also known as the bon appétit
Rappers can't sleep need sleeping
B.I.G. keep creeping
Bullets heat-seeking, casualties need treating
Dumb rappers need teaching
Lesson A: Don't fuck with B-I
That's that "Oh I, thought he was wack"
Oh, come, come now, why y'all so dumb now
Hunt me or be hunted
I got three hundred and fifty-seven ways
To simmer sauté, I'm the winner all day
Lights get dimmer down Biggie's hallway
My forte causes Caucasians to say
"He sounds demented"
Car weed scented, if I said it, I meant it
Bite my tongue for no one
Call me evil, or unbelievable
It's unbelievable
Biggie Smalls is the illest
It's unbelievable
Biggie— Biggie— Biggie Smalls is the illest
It's unbelievable
Biggie Smalls is the illest
It's unbelievable
Biggie— Biggie— Biggie Smalls is the illest

Buck shots out the sun roof of Lexus coupes
Leave no witnesses, what you think this is?
Ain't no amateurs here
I damage and tear, MC's fear me
They too near not to hear me
Clearly, I'm the triple beam dream
One thousand grams of uncut to the gut
It seems fucked up, the way I touched up the grill
Trying to play gorilla when you ain't no killer
The gat's by your liver, your upper lip quiver
Get ready to die, tell God I said hi
And throw down some ice for the nicest MC
Niggas know the steelo, unbelievable

It's unbelievable
Biggie Smalls is the illest
It's unbelievable
Biggie— Biggie— Biggie Smalls is the illest
It's unbelievable
Biggie— Biggie— Biggie Smalls is the illest
It's unbelievable
Biggie— Biggie— Biggie Smalls is the illest
It's unbelievable
Biggie— Biggie— Biggie Smalls is the illest
'Believable
Biggie— Biggie— Biggie Smalls is the illest
'Believable
Biggie— Biggie— Biggie Smalls is the illest
Biggie Smalls— Biggie— Biggie— Biggie Smalls
Biggie— Biggie— Biggie Smalls is the illest44Embed
To my motherfuckin man 50 Grand, the alcoholic man
Inject a tall can in his bloodstream if he can
Biggie Smalls, the pussy stroker
MC provoker, chocolate thai smoker, huh?
I like to max in Maximas and Acuras
Your girl buttcheeks I'm smackin', huh?
The raw rapper, spine snapper
With the little hookers on my lap-ah
You know the flavor Mack-ah
A shy nigga but I ain't your fuckin comforter
And if I ever fall in love I bet I'm fuckin her
Ask the hooker, if I didn't jook her
If she tried to front, then I drop the Chuckii Booker on her:
"Why you wanna play your games on me?"
Bitch, you're crazy, commitments, I'm Swayze
No time for the ill shit
Rest with the niggas on that real bloodspill shit
My rappin' tactics are drastic
Stretchin' motherfuckers like Mr. Fantastic
So if you wanna see my pedigre
You better be filled with energy, niggas never gettin' me
So let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down

Hahhhh, AHHHHHHHH HAH
Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(Hahhhh boy, let me get down and funk em)
Yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(Yeah.. uh-huh.. yeah)
Yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(Yo, I just wanna get 'em)
You might also like
Yeah, yo
Odds even, said shoot (blaow)
Asked me the reason, and I said loot
Man that's all I'm here for, therefore
When death declares war, you know what to prepare for
Shit, one for shelter, book flights on Delta
Live on your station, the radiation'll melt ya
Cool - I guess your momma raised a fool
You didn't wanna blaze your tool shoulda stayed in school
Rap terror, shots through your new era
Get it together, y'all niggas shoulda knew better
I'm on point like acupuncture
I might, track and hunt ya, smack and punch ya
Left side, right side, witcha ho I might slide
Runnin' wit' this big guy, y'all niggas is pint-size
Don't make a nigga have to show you the pound
And show you the sound, that'll put you low in the ground
Just let me get down

Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(What? What?)
Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(I just wanna funk a little bit)
Yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(Hahh.. I just wanna funk, what? Ahhhh)
Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
I be like: "Whaaaat?" Let me clear my throat
Break the smoke, Missy gotta hit some high notes
Heyy! Yo, from coast to coast I burn like toast
So dope that I floats through snow, nig-guh
Oh, you don't wanna battle me
The agony be like: "Somebody help me, please!"
Feel my pressure, never could a bitch flow better
In any weather, I biddy-bang-bang in ya, nigga
Ah-huh, I used to be the chick to lick the lollipop
Now I pop through your body parts
Blaow, blaow! You like the way I interact
Proceed to smack, any MC that's wack
Ah-huh, microphone check one two
I do ya tool like them freaks run through your crew
Give it to me, ohh, send it to me, ohh
But before I get down, where's my money?
Let me get down

Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(Hahhh.. boyeee)
Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(I just wanna funk a little bit)
Yo let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(Hahh.. I just wanna funk)
Let me get down, let me get down, let me get down, let me get down
(The Mackalicious funk wanna get down.. boyeeeeeee, HAHHH, AHHHH-HAH
Mack, feelin the funk)
Bringin' it live to you bitch ass niggas2Embed
*Phone rings*
Yo...hello? Faith?!
Motherfucker
*Click*
*Phone rings*
Yo
I'ma kill you, motherfucker
Hello?
I'ma kill you, you motherfucker
Word?
I'm gonna get you, motherfucker
You better watch your motherfuckin' back
That's my word nigga
Get the fuck outta here
Better watch your motherfuckin' back
Watch my back? Word?
I'm gonna get Biggie, I'm gonna kill Biggie
You soft duke, you soft
Fuck all you niggas, you all ain't SHIT
Watch your motherfuckin' back
Eat a dick
*Click*

Jealousy's a motherfucker, you weak jealous motherfuckers!
If you a jealous motherfucker, you just a weak motherfucker!
See when you on top, motherfuckers just wanna bring you down!
Motherfuckers don't even know you, and they don't like you
You might also like
Uhh, I dream filthy
My moms and pops mixed me with Jamaican Rum and Whiskey
Huh, what a set off
Shoulda pushed him dead off, wipe the sweat off (uhh)
'Cause in this world I'm dead off, squeeze lead off
Benz sped off, ain't no shook hands in Brook-land
Army fatigues bring fatigue, to enemies, look man
You wanna see me locked up, shot up
Moms crouched up over the casket, screamin' "BASTARD!"
Cryin', know my friends is lyin'
Y'all know who killed him, filled him with the lugers from they Rugers
Or the Desert, dyin' ain't the shit, but it's pleasant
Kinda quiet, watch my niggas bring the riot
Givin' cats the opposite of diets
You gain thirty pounds when you die no lie, lazy eye
I was high when they hit me, took a few cats with me
Shit, I need the company (uh-huh)
Apologies in order, to T'Yanna my daughter
If it was up to me you would be with me
Sorta like Daddy Dearest, my vision be the clearest
Silencers so you can't hear it
Competition still fear it, shit don't ask me
I went from ashy to nasty to classy, and still
That's not all, MC's have the gall
To pray and pray for my downfall (they pray)
Pray and pray for my downfall (they pray)
Pray and pray for my downfall (they pray, they pray)
This goes out to cats, fingers in they ass again
Fifty dollar half-a-men, daydreamin'
Fuck around get wet like semen, your whole team and
Be more gone than Freeman
I took the cream and, moved to new places, new faces
Fuck the screw faces, 'cause when I flip
I make the papers, dangerous, we Goodfellas
Niggas can't bang with us, try to do me
My crew be unruly (what)
Some old school cats that call gats toolies
Call blacks moolies, think it's cool to smoke woolies
And fuck without rubbers (what)
Specialize in killin' wives and grandmothers
Who ya trustin', shit
When Frank start bustin', Frank start somethin'
Killin' ya gently, God meant me, to push a Bentley
Me and Sean Combs takin' broads home
On the phone with the chip, with these Cristal chicks
'Bout to make our own porno flicks, my life's the shit

That's not all, MC's have the gall (they pray, they pray)
To pray and pray for my downfall (they pray)
Pray and pray for my downfall (they pray)
Pray and pray for my downfall
That's not all, MC's have the gall (they pray, they pray)
To pray and pray for my downfall (they pray)
Pray and pray for my downfall (they pray)
Pray and pray for my downfall, fall
We used to hold the gold, now we floss with diamonds
Niggas want my team to stop shinin'
Pray my fame start declinin'
Whinin' like girlies (stop whinin' you bitches)
We been around the world twice, all we got is mo' ice
And mo' nice, sacrifice your heart
Lexus with the automatic start (what)
Fifty shots'll tear your club apart
Eatin' shrimp À la carte, with some bitches from Brussels
Eatin' clams and mussels
Uhh, octopus, pretty face no waist
I just want the bush, so I can mack it
Give her a package to push, 'cause I work them hoes
Pendejos I show you how to play them hoes
Can you just visualize it?
Before I go to sleep I check the beds and the closet
So I can sleep safe, not too many keep a mil' in the briefcase
Infrareds help me sleep safe, but wait

That's not all, MC's have the gall (they pray, they pray)
To pray and pray for my downfall (they pray)
Pray and pray for my downfall (they pray)
Pray and pray for my downfall, fall

See, y'all motherfuckers live off of negativity
What y'all niggas need to get through your motherfuckin' heads
Is that, y'all fuckin' with some niggas that's on a higher
Motherfuckin' level -- we don't give a fuck
About what you think about us how you feel about us
What you got to say about us
We gon keep doing our motherfuckin' thing
From now 'til the year three thousand bitches!
You can't breathe, you can't sleep, you can't eat
Without thinkin' about us!
And without thinkin' about us on your mind
We gon' haunt your asses MOTHERFUCKERS!

That's not all, MC's have the gall (they pray, they pray)
To pray and pray for my downfall (they pray)
Pray and pray for my downfall (they pray)
Pray and pray for my downfall, fall
(They pray, they pray, they pray, they pray)
(They pray, they pray)11Embed
Uh, uh, (Uh, come on)

Ha, sicker than your average, Poppa twist cabbage off instinct
Niggas don't think shit stink
Pink gators, my Detroit players
Timbs for my hooligans in Brooklyn (That's right)
Dead right, if the head right, Biggie there e'ry night
Poppa been smooth since days of Underoos
Never lose, never choose to, bruise crews who
Do somethin' to us, talk go through us (Come on, do it)
Girls walk to us, wanna do us, screw us
Who, us? Yeah, Poppa and Puff (He, he)
Close like Starsky and Hutch, stick the clutch
Dare I squeeze three at your cherry M-3 (Take that, take that, take that, ha ha!)
Bang every MC easily, busily
Recently niggas frontin', ain't sayin' nothin' (Nothin')
So I just speak my piece, keep my peace (Come on)
Cubans with the Jesus piece, with my peeps (Thank you)
Packin', askin', "Who want it?", you got it, nigga, flaunt it
That Brooklyn bullshit, we on it
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see? (Uh-huh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (Hypnotize)
And I just love your flashy ways (Uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (Ha)
You might also like
I put hoes in NY onto DKNY (Uh-huh)
Miami, D.C. prefer Versace (That's right)
All Philly hoes go with Moschino (Come on)
Every cutie with a booty bought a Coogi
Now who's the real dookie? Meaning, who's really the shit?
Them niggas ride dicks, Frank White push the six
Or the Lexus, LX, four and a half
Bulletproof glass, tints if I want some ass
Gonna blast, squeeze first, ask questions last
That's how most of these so-called gangsters pass
At last, a nigga rappin' about blunts and broads
Tits and bras, ménage à trois, sex in expensive cars
I'll still leave you on the pavement
Condo paid for, no car payment (Uh-uh)
At my arraignment, note for the plaintiff
"Your daughter's tied up in a Brooklyn basement"
Face it, not guilty, that's how I stay filthy (Not Guilty)
Richer than Richie, 'til you niggas come and get me (Come on)

Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see? (Uh-huh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (Hypnotize)
And I just love your flashy ways (Uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
I can fill you with real millionaire shit (I can fill ya)
Escargot, my car go one-sixty, swiftly (Come on)
Wreck it, buy a new one
Your crew run-run-run, your crew run-run
I know you sick of this, name brand nigga with
Flows, girls say he's sweet like licorice
So, get with this nigga, it's easy (Uh-huh)
Girlfriend, here's a pen, call me round ten
Come through, have sex on rugs that's Persian (That's right)
Come up to your job, hit you while you workin'
For certain, Poppa freakin', not speakin'
Leave that ass leakin', like rapper demo
Tell them ho take they clothes off slowly (Slowly)
Hit 'em with the force like Obi (Obi)
Dick black like Toby (Toby)
Watch me roam like Romey (Romey)
Lucky they don't owe me
Where the safe? Show me, homie (Say what, homie)

Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see? (Uh-huh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (Hypnotize)
And I just love your flashy ways (Uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see? (Uh-huh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (Hypnotize)
And I just love your flashy ways (Uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid169Embed
Uh, I like that, you like that?
Here's another one, and another one
And another one, and another one
Uh
Whaat, whaat (C'mon)
You must be used to me spending (Uh, uh)
And all that sweet wining and dining
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
Uh, here's another one
And another one
Uh, uh, what

Some say the X, make the sex spec-tacular
Make me lick you from yo' neck to your back, then ya
Shivering, tongue delivering
Chills up that spine, that ass is mine
Skip the wine and the candlelight, no Cristal tonight
If it's all right with you, we fucking (That's cool)
Déjà vu, the blunts sparked, finger fucking in the park
Pissy off Bacardi Dark
Remember when I used to play between your legs?
You begged for me to stop because you know where it would head
Straight to your mother's bed
Not the Marriott, we'd be lucky if we find a spot
Next to your sister, damn I really missed the
Way she used to rub my back, when I hit that
Way she used to giggle when your ass would wiggle
Now I know you're used to suites at the Parker Meridien
Trips to the Caribbean, but tonight, no ends
You might also like
You must be (Uh) used to me spending
You must be used to me (Uh)
And all that sweet wining and dining (What)
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
Here's another one (Fucking you tonight)
And another one (No doubt baby)
And another one (Fucking you)
What! What! Uh
You must be used to me spending
You must be! (Uh, uh)
And all that sweet wining and dining
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
Here's another one (Fucking you)
And another one (No doubt about it baby, fucking you)
Uh, uh

Girl you look fine
Like a wide face Rolex, you just shine
I like that waistline
Let me hit that from behind, which wall you wanna climb
My style genuine, girl I love you long time
I got you pinned up, with your fuckin' limbs up
All because you like the way my Benz was rimmed up
Bitch keep yo' chin up, please watch me do thee
Nasty, like it when you make it move fast mami
I like it when you tro' it pon me
No love making, strictly back breakin'
Cease know, all his hoes, go to my door
Then they go to his flo', to fuck some more
So no, caviar, Shark Bar, uh-uh
Strictly sex that's sweaty and leftover spaghetti
I know you used to slow CD's and Dom P's
But tonight it's eight tracks and six-packs while I hit that
You must be used to me spending
(You must be, used to me)
And all that sweet wining and dining (Spending all his money baby, on you)
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
Can you feel me?, 'cause I can feel you
Can you feel me?, 'cause I can feel you
You must be used to me spending
You must be used to me
And all that sweet wining and dining
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
(Fucking you tonight)
Can you feel me? (Make ya feel so right),'cause I can feel you (baby come to me)
Can you feel me (Give me what I need), R. Kelly take me to the bridge

Let's stop the bullshit, baby
Let me take you to the spot, get you hot
So you wanna be with me (Say what)
Puff Daddy (That's right)
B.I.G. (Let's go) bring that ass to me

You must be used to me spending
And all that sweet wining and dining
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
(Said I'm fucking you tonight)
Can you feel me? (Fucking you tonight) 'cause I can feel you (Stroking you tonight)
Can you feel me? 'Cause I can feel you
You must be used to me spending
(You must be used to me spending)
And all that sweet wining and dining
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
Fucking you baby, I'm fucking you baby
(You must be!!) You must be used to me spending
Can you feel me? 'Cause I can feel you
And all that sweet wining and dining
Well, I'm fucking you tonight (I'm doing it baby, I'm doing it baby, I'm doing it baby ah yeah, ooh, ooooh)
You must be used to me spending
(You must be babe, used to me)
And all that sweet wining and dining (Spending money all of the time, on you)
Well, I'm fucking you tonight
No matter what you may say, babe
Giving it to you, any way I possibly can
You must be used to me spending
And all that sweet wining and dining
Well, I'm fucking you tonight, oohhh baby, sugar, honey11Embed

The Commission:
Uncle Paulie, P. Diddy
Cease-A-Leo Degenaro (Yeah)
Charli Baltimore, Iceberg Slim (That's right)
The most shady—Frankie, baby
We here
Do you know what beef is?
We ain't goin' nowhere
Do you know what beef is?
Uh-uh
Ask yourself
Do you know what beef is?
Uh-uh, ugh, uh-huh (Come on)

Ha ha ha ha ha, check out this bizarre (Ugh)
Rapper style used by me, the B-I-G
I put my key, you put your key in
Money we'll be seein' ill reach the fuckin' ceiling
Check it, check it (Ahh)
My Calico been cocked (Uh-huh)
This rap Alfred Hitchcock
Drop top-notch, playa-hatin' gon' stop (Ugh)
This instant, rappers too persistent
Quick to spit Biggie name on shit
Make my name taste like ass when you speak it (Haha)
See me in the streets—your jewelry? You can keep it
That be our little secret (Shh)
See, me (Ugh) B, that is, I, that is—
Gee-whiz, motherfuckers still in my biz (Uh-huh, uh-huh)
Don't they know my nigga Gutter fuckin' kidnap kids? (Uh)
Fuck 'em in they ass, throw 'em over the bridge? (Ooh)
That's how it is, my shit is laid out (What?)
Fuck that beef shit
That shit is played out (Played out)
Y'all got the gall, all I make is one phone call
All y'all disappear by tomorrow (Haha)
All your guns is borrowed (Ugh), I don't feel sorrow
Actually, your man passed the Gat to me, now check this
You might also like
What's beef?
Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep
Beef is when your mom's ain't safe up in the streets
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU
One more time
What's beef?
Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep
Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU, check it (Yeah)

I done smoked with the best of 'em (Uh-huh)
Shot at the rest of 'em (Uh-huh)
Was about a hundred or more, maybe less, of 'em
Got my rocks off, that nigga from the Brook' just be—
Wildin' on you, just be stylin' on you (You so crazy)
And I tried to warn you, but your eyes fucked up
Now I cleared them shits with hits
You on the fuckin' bench (Mm)
Pardon my French but, uh, sometimes, I get kind of
Peeved at these weak MCs (Don't stop)
With the supreme baller-like lyrics
I call 'em like I see 'em, G
Y'all niggas sound like me (Yeah)
Y'all was grimy in the early nineties, far behind me
It ain't hard to find me
Number one with the booyaka (Booyaka)
Give me the Remy and the chronic
Ain't no tellin' what I do to ya (I do to ya)
It's obvious the game's new to ya (New to ya)
Take them ends you make (Ehehe)
And spend 'em on a tutor, hah
One shot, I'm through with ya
What's beef?
Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep (Don't sleep)
Beef is when your mom's ain't safe up in the streets (Ain't safe)
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU (I see you), one more time
What's beef? (What's beef)
Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep (Start my Jeep)
Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep (Thirty deep)
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU, there'll be nothin— (I see you)

There'll be nothin' but smooth sailin' (Sailin')
When I spit shots, now your crew's bailin' (Bailin')
All I got is heat and tough talk for you (Uh-huh)
Tie you up, cut your balls off just for you (Oooh)
Man, listen, straight torture
Look what that slick shit bought ya
A first class ticket to Lucifer, real name Christopher
Watch me set it off like Vivica
Here lies your demise, close your eyes (Uh-huh)
Think good thoughts, die while your skin start to glisten
Pale blue hands get cold; your soul's risen
It's bad 'cause I just begun
What make the shit real bad: I was havin' fun (Ahaha!)
What's beef? (What's beef?)
Beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep (Don't sleep)
Beef is when your mom's ain't safe up in the streets (Ain't safe)
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU, one more time (I see you)
What's beef? (What's beef?)
Beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep (Start my Jeep)
Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep (Thirty deep)
Beef is when I see you (I see you)
Guaranteed to be in ICU, and I'm through

Yeah, and I'm through
Ugh, ugh
The life after—
Now, ask yourself
Ugh
Do you really know what beef is?
The life after
Then ask yourself
Ugh
Do you really want beef?
The life after—
Ahahaha!
Yeah, I like that
Big Nash'
Hitmen, baby
On and on and on and on
Bad Boy
Y'all know what it isShit, I don't want no beef
Aha!46Embed
I don't wanna live no more
Sometimes I hear death knockin' at my front door
I'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
Another day, another struggle (Right)
I don't wanna live no more
Sometimes I hear death knockin' at my front door
I'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
Another day, another struggle (Right)

I know how it feel to wake up fucked up
Pockets broke as hell, another rock to sell
People look at you like you's the user
Sellin' drugs to all the losers, mad buddha abuser
But they don't know about your stress-filled day
Baby on the way, mad bills to pay
That's why you drink Tanqueray, so you can reminisce
And wish you wasn't livin' so devilish, shit
I remember I was just like you
Smokin' blunts with my crew, flippin' over 62's
'Cause G-E-D wasn't B-I-G
I got P-A-I-D, that's why my moms hate me
She was forced to kick me out, no doubt
Then I figured out nicks went for 20s down South
Packed up my tools for my raw power move
Glock 19 for casket and flower moves
For chumps tryin' to stop my flow
And what they don't know will show on the autopsy
Went to see Papi to cop me a brick
Asked for some consignment, he wasn't tryin' to hear it
Smokin' mad Newports 'cause I'm due in court
For an assault that I caught in Bridgeport, New York
Catch me if you can like the Gingerbread Man
You better have your gat in hand, 'cause man
You might also like
I don't wanna live no more
Sometimes I hear death knockin' at my front door
I'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
Another day, another struggle (Right)
I don't wanna live no more
Sometimes I hear death knockin' at my front door
I'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
Another day, another struggle (Right)

I had the master plan, I'm in the caravan on my way to Maryland
With my man Two-TECs to take over this projects
They call him Two-TECs, he tote two TECs
And when he start to bust, he like to ask, "Who's next?"
I got my honey on the Amtrak with the crack
In the crack of her ass, two pounds of hash in the stash
I wait for hon to make some quick cash
I told her she could be lieutenant, bitch got gassed
At last, I'm literally loungin', black
Sittin' back, countin' double digit thousand stacks
Had to re-up, see what's up with my peeps
Toyota deal-athon had it cheap on the Jeeps
See who got smoked, what rumors was spread
Last I heard I was dead, with six to the head
Then I got the phone call, it couldn't hit me harder
We got infiltrated, like Nino at the Carter
Heard TEC got murdered in a town I never heard of
By some bitch named Alberta over nickel-plated burners
And my bitch swear to God she won't snitch
I told her when she hit the bricks I'll make the hooker rich
Conspiracy, she'll be home in three
Until then I looks out for the whole family
A true G, that's me, blowin' like a bubble
In the everyday struggle
I don't wanna live no more
Sometimes I hear death knockin' at my front door
I'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
Another day, another struggle (Right)
I don't wanna live no more
Sometimes I hear death knockin' at my front door
I'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
Another day, another struggle (Right)

I'm seein' body after body and our mayor Giuliani
Ain't tryin' to see no black man turn to John Gotti
My daughter use a potty so she's older now
Educated street knowledge, I'ma mold her now
Trick a little dough buyin' young girls fringes
Dealin' with the dope fiend binges, seein' syringes
In the veins, hard to explain how I maintain
The crack smoke make my brain feel so strange
Breakin' days on the set, no sweat
Drunk off Moët, can't bag yet because it's still wet
But when that dry, baggin' five at a time
I can clock about nine on the check cashin' line
I had the first and the third, rehearse, that's my word
Thick in the game, D's knew my first name
Should I quit? Shit no, even though they had me scared
Yo, they got a eight, I got a TEC with air holes
And that's just how the shit go in the struggle, motherfucker
Hah, come on, what you say?

I don't wanna live no more
Sometimes I hear death knockin' at my front door
I'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
Another day, another struggle (Right)
I don't wanna live no more
Sometimes I hear death knockin' at my front door
I'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
Another day, another struggle (Right)
I don't wanna live no more
Sometimes I hear death knockin' at my front door
I'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
Another day, another struggle (Right)
I don't wanna live no more
Sometimes I hear death knockin' at my front door
I'm livin' every day like a hustle, another drug to juggle
Another day, another struggle (Right)

Junior M.A.F.I.A. right
Yeah, rock on, woo!
Biggie Smalls, right
Junior M.A.F.I.A85Embed
Who y'all talkin' to, man?
Ugh! Check it out, check it out
This here goes out to all the niggas that be fuckin' mad bitches
In other niggas' cribs
Thinkin' shit is sweet
Nigga creep up on yo' ass, hahaha!
Live niggas respect it
Check it

I kick flows for ya, kick down doors for ya
Even left all my motherfuckin' hoes for ya
Niggas think Frankie pussy-whipped
Nigga, picture that, with a Kodak, Insta-mat-tac
We don't get down like that, lay my game down quite flat
"Sweetness, where you parked at?"
Petiteness, but that ass fat
She got a body make a nigga wanna eat that — I'm fuckin' wit' you
The bitch official, though
Dick harder than a missile, yo
Try to hit it, if she trippin', disappearin' like Arsenio
Yo, the bitch push a double-O with the 5 in front
Probably a connivin' stunt
Y'all drive in front, I'ma peel with her, find a deal with her
She fuck around and steal, huh?!
Then we all get laced
Televisions, Versace heaven, when I'm up in 'em
The shit she kicked, all that shit's legit
She get dick from a player off the New York Knicks
Nigga trick ridiculous, the shit was plush
She's stressin' me to fuck, like she was in a rush
We fucked in his bed, quite dangerous
I'm in his ass while he playin' 'gainst the Utah Jazz
My 112 CD blast, I was past
She came twice, I came last, roll the grass
She giggle, sayin', "I'm smokin' on homegrown"
Then I heard a moan, "Honey, I'm home!"
Yup! Tote chrome for situations like this
I'm up in his broad, I know he won't like this
Now I'm like, "Bitch, you better talk to him
Before this fifth put a spark to him"
Fuck around, shit get dark to him, put a part through him
Lose a major part to him — arm, leg
She beggin' me to stop, but this cat gettin' closer
Gettin' hot like a toaster, I cock the toast, ugh!
Before my eyes could blink
She screams out, "Honey, bring me up somethin' to drink!"
He go back downstairs, more time to think
Her brain racin', she's tellin' me to stay patient
She don't know I'm cool as a fan
Gat in hand, I don't wanna blast her man
But I can and I will, though
I'm tryna chill, though
Even though situation lookin' kinda ill, yo
It came to me like a song I wrote
Told the bitch, "Gimme your scarf, pillowcase and rope"
Got dressed quick, tied the scarf around my face
Roped the bitch up, gagged her mouth with the pillowcase
Played the cut, nigga comin' off some Love Potion shit
Flash the heat on 'em, he stood emotionless
Dropped the glass, screamin', "Don't blast, here's the stash!
A hundred cash! Just don't shoot my ass, please!"
Nigga pullin' mad G's out the floor
Put stacks in a Prada knapsack, hit the door
Grab the keys to the 5, call my niggas on the cell
"Bring some weed, I got a story to tell"
Ugh, ugh!
You might also like
"Yo, man, y'all niggas ain't gon' believe what the fuck happened to me
'Member that bitch I left the club with, man?"
"Yeah"
"Yo, stinky, yo, I'm up in this bitch crib
This bitch fuck with one of them ol' Knick-ass niggas and shit
I'm up in the spot, so, you know..."
"Who, God?"
"I don't know, I don't know which one of them niggas
One of them six-five niggas, I don't know"
"Yeah"
"Anyway, I'm up in the motherfuckin' spot
So, boom, I'm up in the pussy, whatever-whatever
I sparks up some lah, Pa Duke creeps up in on some..."
"Get the fuck out!"
"Must have been rained out or somethin', because he's in the spot"
"Get the fuck out of here! Oh, shit!"
"Had me scared, had me scared to death! I was shook, Daddy
But I forget I had my Roscoe on me"
"Ah, yeah, I know you had the heat!"
"Always"
"Hahahaha"
"You know how we do
So anyway, the nigga comes up the stairs, he creepin' up the steps
The bitch all shook
She sends the nigga back downstairs to get some drinks and shit"
"Ooh, shit!"
"She gettin' mad nervous, but I said, 'Fuck that, man! I'm the nigga!'"
"I know you was finna clap 'em"
Yeah, nigga, you know how we do it, nigga — ransom note-style
Put the scarf around my motherfuckin' face
"Aight!"
"Gagged that bitch up, and played the cizzut"
"Ahahaha!"
"Soon as this nigga comes up in the spot, I flash the Desert in his face
He drops the glass
Looked like the nigga pissed on his damn self or somethin
Word to my mother! Word to my mother, yo"
"Ah, shit!"
"This nigga runs dead to the floor
Peels up the carpet, start givin' me mad papers, mad papers, son"
"Oh, shit, what? Yo, I told you that bitch was a scheisty bitch, cuz!
Word to mother, I used to fuck with her cousin, but you ain't know that!"
"Hahaha"
"You ain't even know that shit! Really, though."
"I put all that motherfuckin' money up in the Prada knapsack, and, ugh!
Two words: 'I'm gone!'"
"Hahahaha! No doubt, no doubt... No doubt!"
"Y'all niggas got some lah? Y'all got some lah?"
"No doubt!"
44Embed
Yeah, motherfuckers better know
Huh, huh (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Lock your windows, close your doors
Biggie Smalls
Huh, yeah
(I'm a bad, bad, bad)

My man Inf left a TEC and a nine at my crib
Turned him self in, he had to do a bid
A one-to-three, he be home the end of '93
I'm ready to get this paper, G, you with me?
Motherfuckin' right, my pockets lookin' kinda tight
And I'm stressed
Yo, Biggie let me get the vest
No need for that, just grab the fuckin' gat
The first pocket that's fat, the TEC is to his back
Word is bond, I'ma smoke him, yo, don't fake no moves (What?)
Treat it like boxin', stick and move, stick and move
Nigga, you ain't got to explain shit
I've been robbin' motherfuckers since the slave ships
With the same clip and the same four-five
Two point blank, a motherfucker sure to die
That's my word, nigga even try to bogard
Have his mother singin', "It's so hard"
Yes, love, love your fuckin' attitude
Because the nigga play pussy
That's the nigga that's gettin' screwed
And bruised up from the pistol whippin'
Welts on the neck from the necklace strippin'
Then I'm dippin' up the block and I'm robbin' bitches, too
Up the herringbones and bamboos
I wouldn't give a fuck if you're tnangerp
Give me the baby rings and the #1 Mom pendant
I'm slammin' niggas like Shaquille, shit is real
When it's time to eat a meal I rob and steal
'Cause mom duke ain't givin' me shit
So for the bread and butter, I leave niggas in the gutter
Huh, word to mother, I'm dangerous
Crazier than a bag of fuckin' angel dust
When I bust my gat, motherfuckers take dirt naps
I'm all that and a dime sack, where the paper at?
You might also like
When he's stickin' you and takin' all of your money

Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)

Big up! Big up! It's a stick up! Stick up!
And I'm shootin' niggas quick if ya hiccup
Don't let me fill my clip up in ya back and headpiece
The opposite of peace, sendin' mom duke a wreath
You're talkin' to the robbery expert
Step into your wake with your blood on my shirt
Don't be a jerk and get smoked over bein' resistant
'Cause when I lick shots them shits is persistent
Goodness gracious, the papers
Where the cash at? Where the stash at?
Nigga, pass that
Before you get your grave dug from the main thug
Three fifty-seven slug
And my nigga Biggie got a itchy one grip
One in the chamber, thirty-two in the clip
Motherfuckers better strip, (Yeah, nigga, peel!)
Before you find out how blue steel feel
From the Beretta, puttin' all the holes in ya sweater
The money-getter, motherfuckers know the pedi'
Rolex watches and colorful Swatches
I'm diggin' in pockets, motherfuckers can't stop it
Man, niggas come through, I'm takin' high school rings too
Bitches get delgnarts for their earrings and bangles
And when I rock her and drop her, I'm taking her door knockers
And if she's resistant: blakka, blakka, blakka
So go get your man, bitch, he can get robbed, too
Tell him Biggie took it, what the fuck he gonna do?
Man I hope apologetic or I'm a have to set it
And if I set it, the cocksucker won't forget it
Hey bitch, hey bitch, gimme your money bitch (When he's stickin' you and takin' all your money)

Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
Gimme the loot, gimme the loot (I'm a bad, bad, bad)
(What's mines is mines and what's yours is mine)

Man listen, all this walkin' is hurtin' my feet
Ooh, money looks sweet
Where at? In the Isuzu Jeep
Man, I throw him in the fiend you grab the fucking cream
And if he start to scream, bom-bom, have a nice dream
Hold up, he got a fucking bitch in the car
Fur coats and diamonds, she think she a superstar
Ooh, Biggie let me jack her, I'll kick her in the back
Hit her with the gat
Yo, chill, shorty, let me do that
Just get the fucking car keys and cruise up the block
The bitch act shocked getting shot on the spot
Oh shit, the cops
Be cool, fool
They ain't gonna roll up, all they want is fucking doughnuts
So why the fuck he keep looking?
I guess to get his life tooken
I just came home, ain't trying to see Central Booking
Oh shit, now he looking in my face
You better haul ass 'cause I ain't with no fucking chase
So lace up your boots, 'cause I'm about to shoot
A true motherfucker going out for the loot
Take that motherfuckers93Embed
Uh, uh, check it out (Yeah), uh
Junior M.A.F.I.A., uh (He-he)
Uh (I like this) yeah, yeah
Nine-fo' (Keep bangin')

To all the ladies in the place with style and grace
Allow me to lace these lyrical douches in your bushes (Uh)
Who rock grooves and make moves with all the mamis?
The back of the club, sippin' Moët is where you'll find me (What?)
The back of the club, mackin' hoes, my crew's behind me (Uh)
Mad question askin', blunt passin'
Music blastin', but I just can't quit
Because one of these honeys Biggie got to creep with (That's right)
Sleep with, keep the ep a secret, why not? (Uh)
Why blow up my spot 'cause we both got hot?
Now check it: I got more mack than Craig, and in the bed
Believe me, sweetie, I got enough to feed the needy (Come on)
No need to be greedy, I got mad friends with Benzes
C-notes by the layers, true fuckin' players (Uh)
Jump in the Rover and come over, tell your friends jump in the GS3
I got the chronic by the tree cuz (Let's go)

I love it when you call me Big Poppa
Throw your hands in the air if you's a true player
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
To the honeys gettin' money, playin' niggas like dummies
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
You got a gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place (Why?)
'Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be havin' my baby (Uh), baby (Uh)
You might also like
Straight up, honey, really I'm askin'
Most of these niggas think they be mackin', but they be actin'
Who they attractin' with that line (What?), "What's your name? What's your sign?"
Soon as he buy that wine, I just creep up from behind (That's right)
And ask you what your interests are, who you be with
Things that make you smile, what numbers to dial
You gon' be here for a while? I'm gon' go call my crew, you go call your crew
We can rendezvous at the bar around 2 (Come on)
Plans to leave, throw the keys to Little Cease (Uh-huh)
Pull the truck up front, and roll up the next blunt
So we can steam on the way to the telly, go fill my belly (G)
A T-bone steak, cheese eggs and Welch's grape
Conversate for a few, ‘cause in a few we gon' do
What we came to do, ain't that right, boo? (True)
Forget the telly—we just go to the crib
And watch a movie in the jacuzzi, smoke Ls while you do me

I love it when you call me Big Poppa
Throw your hands in the air if you's a true player (Come on, yeah)
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
To the honeys gettin' money, playin' niggas like dummies (Uh)
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
You got a gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place (Why?)
'Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be havin' my baby, baby (Uh)
(How you livin', Biggie Smalls?) In mansion and Benzes
Givin' ends to my friends, and it feels stupendous
Tremendous cream: fuck a dollar and a dream (Heh)
Still tote gats, strapped with infrared beams (That's right) (What?)
Choppin' Os (Uh-huh), smokin' la in Optimos
Money, hoes and clothes: all a nigga knows (All a nigga knows)
A foolish pleasure? Whatever
I had to find the buried treasure (For what?), so grams I had to measure
However, livin' better now, Coogi sweater now
Drop top BMs, I'm the man, girlfriend

Yeah, honey, check it
Tell your friends to get with my friends
And we can be friends
Shit, we can do this every weekend (That's right), alright?
Is that aight wit' you?
Yeah, keep bangin'

I love it when you call me Big Poppa
Throw your hands in the air if you's a true player
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
To the honeys gettin' money, playin' niggas like dummies (Uh)
I love it when you call me Big Poppa
You got a gun up in your waist, please don't shoot up the place (Why?)
'Cause I see some ladies tonight that should be havin' my baby, baby (Uh)
Check it out
Nine-fo' shit for that ass, uh
Puff Daddy, Biggie Smalls, Junior M.A.F.I.A.
Represent, baby, baby, uh188Embed
It has been said that there has been known to be bloodshed
Over bread, men who have bled to death, dead
Strapped to beds, pipe bombs, dynamite, lead
Money, power, respect, street cred, yeah
It's scary, ain't it? Picture yourself going out as a hero
Picture mural pictures of us painted all over street corners
Fans meet to mourn us, while we meet the coroners
Notorious tried to warn us
We watched, so many piggybacked off of
Biggie's back and 'Pac's, landmarks, history in rap
Statistically in fact; it's so sad to see us re-enact
These tragic events, which lead us back
To where we left off on March 9th
To come from such hard knock lives
And make it up out of 'em, hit the spotlights
And, once they're on us this is our lives
Thrust out for all eyes to cast upon us
To see who can last the longest
And he who lasts the longest must be the strongest
In this concrete jungle where this dog eat dog mentality comes from
It's origin, which is usually originated from cats who starving
Or it could just be somebody's aura, that just horri-fies
And applies to his persona or the sizes
In his entou-rage that intimidates the people
To the point that you know that he's gangster
He ain't just say shit, you just believe it
You might also like
Since B.I.G. taught us niggas to think big
I'm been about my business since then, so anxious
It ain't how we live, it's what he said, he did it for Brooklyn
This I took in, sent chills through my skin
Vicious, I'm experiencing the same sights as him
It's what excited Obie to write these poems
Rolling, going through the same shit he spoken
Open up my eyes so there's no limit in them skies
When Ready to Die was a sick part of my life
Palming that forty-five, plotting to pop my mind
Then that crooked eye Jamaican I'd so many times rewind
Got me to walk a straight line and get up on my grind
Get up out the system, who could give him better signs
No pop of mine could top Big Poppa rhymes
So possibly I'd be popular, huh?
That's the inspiration I got from my nigga B.I

I took him from coal to diamond, I molded his mind
Into the most phenomenal artist of any and all time
I made a Frankenstein, my design impressed
Backpackers and press who said my house was a mess
Critics lashed, said I made a fortune off of his passing
All I did was build a dynasty off of his passion
And I'm addressing the adolescents absent to who he is
The original king of New York, Christopher Wallace
This is a promise on Diddy's honor, I'm a father T'Yanna
And teach her that with all the drama don't even bother
On repeat, all of your albums play back to back
And I visit your grave 'cause our friendship's intact
An immaculate concept, extravagant progress
Bullet wounds left in my heart, I'm yelling "God bless"
Regardless to critics yelling that East/West
I seen the game losing, I'm just pressing the reset
And when the resurrection of you shines through an individual
Lyrical enough to wear the same crown of thorns literally
I'ma pay homage, Brooklyn's finest
Whether it's Queens or Harlem it'll be instant stardom, nigga (nigga)6Embed
And Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (We gon' rock the party)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (Rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (Better run and tell everybody)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (Everybody, everybody)
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon
Let's ride, let's ride, let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon
(This is a lake of fire right here)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (We gon' rock the party)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (Rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (Better run and tell everybody)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (Everybody, everybody)

Notorious thugs
Nothin' but them thugstas, nothin' but them thugsta thugstas
Notorious thugs
Nothin' but them thugstas, nothin' but them thugsta thugstas
You might also like
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (We gon' rock the party)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (Rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (Better run and tell everybody)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (Everybody, everybody)
Let's ride, let's ride, Let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon
Let's ride, let's ride, Let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon

Armed and dangerous
Ain't too many can bang with us
Straight up weed, no angel dust
Label us notorious
Thug-ass niggas that love to bust, it's strange to us
Y'all niggas be scramblin', gamblin'
Up in restaurants with mandolins and violins
We just sittin' here tryna win, tryin' not to sin
High off weed and lots of gin
So much smoke, need oxygen
Steadily countin' them Benjamins
Nigga, you should too, if you knew
What this game'll do to you
Been in this shit since '92
Look at all the bullshit I been through
So-called beef with you-know-who
Fucked a few female stars or two
Then I blew like niggas move like Mike
Shit, not to be fucked with
Motherfucker better duck quick
'Cause me and my dogs love to buck shit
Fuck the luck shit, strictly aim
No aspirations to quit the game
Spit yo game, talk yo shit
Grab yo gat, call yo clique
Squeeze yo' clip, hit the right one
Pass that weed, I got to light one
All them niggas, I got to fight one
All them hoes, I got to like one
Our situation is a tight one
What you gonna do: fight or run?
Seems to me that you'll take B
Bone and Big, nigga, die slowly
I'ma tell you like a nigga told me
"Cash Rule Everything Around Me"
Shit, lyrically niggas can't see me
Fuck it, buy the coke, cook the coke, cut it
Know the bitch 'fore you caught yourself lovin' it
Nigga with a Benz fuckin' it
Doesn't it seem odd to you?
Big come through with mobs and crews
Goodfellas down to the Mo' Thugs dudes
Who's the killer: me or you?
We forgive you, for you know not what you do

7 A.M. woke in the morning
With Hen' and caffeine and green and nicotine
No-Doz so pop a couple of those
Lil' RIPsta, nigga Mista Clean, make it gleam
Deep in my temple and not to get sentimentally steamed
With my instrumelody, and heated, especially for your team
And a .45 indeed will beam
In between the scenes, destroy your dreams
You willin' to die? We'll see
How many flee when I cause the scene?
We mean mug, Mo' Thugs, trained to be perfect disciples
When it's survival, tongue of a double-edged sword
Triple six rivals spittin' fire
This the real truth, bitch, breakin' out for lies
My Messiah's better get ready for Armageddon, shit's expired
It's wild, bless the child, the one that became a man
Put in positions off in the Clair
All that I had to do was stare
Test me now, contender; never no surrender, no pretend
Pick up my pen in my hand
One of my trusted friend-friends
Hey, open the last seal for real, we all suited
Beg my pardon to Martin: baby, we ain't marchin', we shootin'
In daily recruitin', there's a thug born everyday in the ghetto
We start 'em off little, we give 'em a bible
And a pen and a pad to hit the label—kick it, nigga!
Nigga roll with Bone up into the dank spot
To the dome with a shot of burb
Never get tossed to the curb
Be feelin' that urge to splurge
But I'm broke as fuck, Sin, give me that Mossberg swerve!
Up into my bag 'cause I gotta get my mask and shells
To put in this 12 gauge sawed-off
Get 'em hauled off, nigga, y'all loss
Take it all off, got a nigga caught off
For the pump now Leatherface, sin runnin' thuggin' and cuttin'
Little Mo Hart want to pull it ain't nothin'
Bitch if you steppin' we buckin' them guns that’s fucked up
Now let me get down for the grind
Gotta go purchase a dime
Put in a state to get down for the crime
Smokin' the reefer to ease my mind
Swig some wine, step on the block with the rocks
But really we be servin' them dummies, see?
Gotta buck him on down
If he come back talkin' like, "Give me back me money!"
Thuggin' with me killers
Need us a liter of liquor but niggas ain't got shit
With a sawed-off pump, chrome .38 pistol
Now who ready to get bent?
Nigga like me fiendin' for them green leaves
But I ain't had no dough
Gotta make some money
So I'm makin' my dummy rocks if I go broke

It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (We gon' rock the party)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (Rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (Better run and tell everybody)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (Everybody, everybody)
Let's ride, let's ride, Let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon
Let's ride, let's ride, Let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon

Yeah, Little Lay, hey, comin' in the form of scripture
Finna get ya and hit ya with magic
Droppin' down lead but I call it my gadgets
With an automatic status, we spray
Time to load the Glocks, but I'm thinkin' not
There's another evil force tellin' me to do what I gotta do
So I up my pipe, a nigga dyin' tonight
And I'm always runnin' from the boys in blue
Biggie, blue's on my ass
Now I pull out the cellular phone to call Bone, "What's happenin'?"
Grab artillery, a nigga start packin'
'Cause a motherfucker tried to get me in a jackin'
And I did him, hit him right between the eyes
The spot was wise; wanna test a nigga size, it'll cost him
Nigga fuck around with the wrong shit
Y'all get mo murdered all day, all day
We done paved the way and I'm on the run
I'ma call my boys and bring all the guns
Y'all niggas wanna have a little fun with number one, one, one?
Bloody red, red, rum, rum, rum, rum, rum, rum
Bloody red, red, rum, rum, rum, rum, rum, rum
Bloody red, red, rum

It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (We gon' rock the party)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (Rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (Better run and tell everybody)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (Everybody, everybody)
Let's ride, let's ride, Let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon
Let's ride, let's ride, Let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (We gon' rock the party)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (Rock the party, party)
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (Better run and tell everybody)
Just Bone and Biggie, Biggie
It's Bone and Biggie, Biggie (Everybody, everybody)
Let's ride, let's ride, Let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon
Let's ride, let's ride, Let's ride, let's ride
Get high, get high, get high, c'mon, c'mon156Embed
Yeah, fuck you
Fuck you too
Fuck you bitch
Fuck you motherfucker
You ain't shit anyway, fuck you
You ain't shit, you fat motherfucker
Yeah, whatever whatever
Whatever
You wasn't sayin' that when you was suckin' my dick
You wasn't sayin that when you was eatin' my pussy
You nasty bitch
You a nasty motherfucker
Check it, uhh
(Crab ass nigga)

What do ya do when yo' bitch is untrue
You cut the hooker off and find someone new
I need another bitch (Another bitch), in my life

Uh-huh, uhh, uhh
I know he don't treat you like I treat you
Time to explain your game is see-through
Sex is lethal, I ain't gon' lie
Means to get ya back, I ain't gon' try
Like this y'all, my girl sucked another nigga dick, y'all
Light skinned with the chromed out six, y'all
Thought they was creepin', took trips to V-A every third weekend
While you was sleepin', he hit you on the box
Sixty-nine code non-stop
Shoulda left ya then, but my heart said not
You knew too much, the relationship grew too much
You knew about the crack vials, means to be trial
Where I hid dough under the bathroom tile
Waited for a while, thought you was my right thing
Then things got frightenin'
Peep the scene, sorta like Sam Rothstein
Guess you Ginger, huh, go figure
Never thought you could be a gold-digger
Take my dough and spend with the next nigga
Asked my man Jigga, my ace boon coon
Told me cut the bitch off 'fore the shit balloon
Now I'm like Brandy, Sittin' in My Room
Pissy drunk listenin' to Stylistics tunes
Or the O'Jays, thinkin' 'bout the old days
My nigga's like, fuck that bitch, go play
Baller, when she beep you, don't call her
Guess who I seen, that freak bitch Paula
She was askin' 'bout ya whereabouts
Here's the digits, I know you can wear that out
Tear that out the frame, ya game so tight
We'll be all fuckin' tonight, knahmean?!
(I'm fuckin' you toniiight..) feel me? Uhh
You might also like
What do ya do when your man is untrue
Do you cut the sucker off and find someone new
I need another man, in my life

Mmm, uhhh, uhhh!
'Member when you said you would die for me, shit
All of that was just lies to me
Motherfucker shoulda never said bye to me
Now you cry for me, like Jodeci
It's like that y'all, my nigga hit another bitch from the back y'all
Black nasty and mad fat y'all; shoulda seen the ho
Nigga pack your shit, you out the do', ohh
What about the fight in The Mirage?
I seen ya Benz parked outside my sister's garage
Said it was your friend Rog, bullshit
I ain't gonna keep puttin' up wit the bullshit
And still I, never sweat these bitches
Q.B. hang like plaques on the wall in your pictures
Scale them fishes, my love is concrete
Stashin' your heat in the passenger seat of the Nautica Jeep
We've been down for so long
Still a bitch like me tryin' to hold on
Teary eyed, damn a bitch steamin'
Girls steady screamin', "Kim you need to leave him!"
When I testified in court
Couldn't think straight thinkin' 'bout the bitches I fought
Over you, nigga have the shit you bought
And fuck you, movin' is my last resort
You see, nine outta ten niggas ain't shit
One outta five niggas suck a dick
You're mad at me, too bad she ain't as bad as me
Shoulda kept the freak bitch off my canapé
Now you see, ain't no pussy warm as mine
Long as mine, ain't no love as strong as this
When I sucked your dick, it's like smokin' a roach
Uhh, why go from first class to coach
What do ya do when yo' bitch is untrue
You cut the hooker off and find someone new
I need another bitch (Another bitch), in my life

What do ya do when your man is untrue
Do you cut the sucker off and find someone new
I need another man, in my life

What do ya do when yo' bitch is untrue
You cut the hooker off and find someone new
I need another bitch (Another bitch), in my life

What do ya do when your man is untrue
Do you cut the sucker off and find someone new
I need another man, in my life9Embed
All you hoes calling here for my daddy, get off his dick
Like that, mommy?
*Beep*
Hi, daddy, how you doing? This is Tyiest
I was thinking about you last night, mm
You actin' like you can't call me no more 'cause you busy and all of that
But you trying to tell me it wasn't good?
*Beep*
That shit is real fucked up what you did
I hooked you up with my girl and shit
You fucked her every time you see her
You don't even say shit to her, you know what I'm saying?
And all that bitch do is call me all day talking about you
"Why the fuck B.I.G. don't want me?"
*Beep*
Yo, B.I.G., this is Quita
Kenya told me she saw you and Shanie at the mall and I know you ain't fucking her
You fucked with me last night
That's my best friend and we don't get down like that
*Beep*
Yeah, motherfucker, this is Stephanie
I was waiting outside for your ass for like a fucking hour
I don't know what's going on, motherfuckers trying to rob me
You be disappearing and shit, I'm waiting in the cold
What the fuck is going on?
When you get in give me a fucking call, alright?
You might also like
When it comes to sex, I'm similar to the Thrilla in Manila
Honeys call me "Bigga the Condom Filler"
Whether it's stiff tongue or stiff dick
Biggie squeeze it to make shit fit, now check this shit
I got the pack of Rough Riders in the back of the Pathfinder
You know the epilogue by James Todd Smith
I get swift with the lyrical gift
Hit you with a dick, make your kidney shift
Here we go, here we go, but I'm not Domino
I got the funk flow to make your drawers drop slow
So recognize the dick size in these Karl Kani jeans
I wear thirteens, know what I mean?
I'll fuck around and hit you with the Hennessy dick
Mess around and go blind, don't get to see shit (See shit)
The next batter, here to shatter your bladder
It doesn't matter, skinny or fat or light-skinned or black
Baby, I drop these Boricua mamis screaming ¡Ay papi!
I love it when they call me Big Poppa
I only smoke blunts if they rolled proper
Look, I gotcha caught up with the drunk flow
Fuck tae kwon do, I tote a four-four
For niggas getting mad 'cause they bitch chose me
A big black motherfucker with G, you see
All I do is separate the game from the truth
Big bang boots from the Bronx to Bolivia
Getting physical like Olivia Newt
Tricks suck my clique dick all day with no trivia
So give me a ho, a bankroll and a bag of weed
I'm guaranteed to fuck her 'til her nose bleed
Even if your new man's a certified mack
You'll get that H-Town in ya, you want that old thing back
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
I got that good dick, girl, you didn't know?
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
I got that good dick, girl, you didn't know?
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
I got that good dick, girl, you didn't know?
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance

Is my mind playing tricks, like Scarface and Bushwick
Willie D, having nightmares of girls killing me?
She mad because what we had didn't last
I'm glad because her cousin let me hit the ass
Fuck the past, let's dwell on the 500SL, the E&J and ginger ale
The way my pockets swell to the rims with Benjamins
Another honey's in the crib? Please, send her in
I fuck non-stop, lick my lips a lot
Used to lick the clits a lot, but licking clits had to stop
'Cause y'all don't know how to act when the tongue go down below
Peep the funk flow
Really, though, I got the cleanest, meanest penis
You never seen this stroke of genius
So take off your Timb boots and your body suit
I mean the spandex and hit my man next
Sex get rougher when it come to the nut buster
Pussy crusher, black nasty motherfucker
I don't chase 'em, I replace 'em
And if I'm caressing 'em I'm undressing 'em
Fuck what you heard, who's the best in New York?
Fulfilling fantasies without that nigga Mr. Roarke
Or Tattoo, I got you wrapped around my dick
And when I nut I got to split
Shit, backshots is my position
I got you wishing for an intermission, fuck the kissin'
Lickin' down to your belly button, I ain't frontin'
They don't call me big for nuttin' all of a sudden
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance
Oh, Biggie, give me one more chance50Embed
Welcome to the House of Pain
Just Blaze, niggas

There's no way out, it seems I can't get free
Somebody tell me what's happened to me

The country bud got me chokin'
I'm on a mission to the point that motherfuckers think I'm smokin'
Yeah, that sick nigga Biggie with the 8-shot fifth
With the extra clip for that extra shit
Don't you know that a killing is thrilling?
All the blood spilling is all a part of drug dealing
A born gangsta, my daddy was a thug
Had a .38 with the hollow point slug
So when he licked shots, niggas dropped
Quicker than a bootlegger sells his liquor
A little nigga tried to squeeze .22's in my Reebok shoes
Payin' dues, while kids was on their one's and two's, huh
Now I'm much older, colder, fuck a holster
Got the MAC-11 swingin' from my shoulder
It's a damn shame I got to put my momma through the strain
I'm livin' in the house of pain
You might also like
Is anybody listenin'?
Tell me, can you can see this darkness surrounding me?
Nights gettin' colder, heavy on my shoulder
And it's gettin' hard to breathe
Vision's gettin' blurry, I'm gettin' worried
'Cause it's gettin' hard to see
When you're livin' in the house of pain

The motherfuckin' dust kicker, who can you trust?
Do you have the heart to see a nigga, before you bust?
My name is spoken on the tongues of so many foes
Bustin' motherfuckers out the box, I ain't even go!
Now how the hell do you explain my claim to fame?
From doin' flicks to bustin' tricks out the fuckin' frame
Got these bitches on my jock, niggas on my block
Jealous ass suckers got 'em duckin' from my smokin' Glock
And bustin' niggas asses to stay alive
Skinny ass player watchin' bigger motherfuckers fry
They ask me how I'm livin', high, I'm a hustler
Buckin' busters 'til they die
Now it's on in the ghetto, you ain't heard?
Niggas got they AK's headin' for the 'burbs
Aimin' at them skinhead bitches, let it rain
Givin' 'em a wet welcome to the House of Pain
Is anybody listenin'? Tell me can you can see
This darkness surrounding me
Now it's gettin' colder heavy on my shoulder
And it's gettin' hard to breathe (MJB)
Vision's gettin' blurry, I'm gettin' worried (Be worried, niggas)
'Cause it's gettin' hard to see (Yeah, Nas)
When you're livin' in the house of pain
(What up, B.I., Pac?)

Wendy Williams say I stayed dusted, maybe I should
'Cause these rappers'll have your phone tapped like Savion Glove'
And on the West, yo, police corrupt, some are Bloods
But these Teflons I loaded explodin' some mugs
I'm like Furious in Boyz n the Hood, but at the drive-thru
I ain't runnin', I'm dumpin', crazy like a Piru
And loc'd up, know how Nas do
I'm callin' Henchmen and Concepcion, to organize a black truce
Then we party hard, party with Nas
Since there ain't no more - Mardi Gras
And Bush won't apologize
I got gangsta hoes Kobe Bryant scared to sodomize
And .45's for them suckers y'all idolize
Y'all yellin' my name, but y'all soon dyin'
Tryin' to portray real but they be lyin'
'Cause they want the real niggas to die so they could gain
But never that, this ain't Everlast, this the House of Pain
Is anybody listenin'? Tell me can you can see
This darkness surrounding me
Now it's gettin' colder heavy on my shoulder
And it's gettin' hard to breathe
Vision's gettin' blurry, I'm gettin' worried
'Cause it's gettin' hard to see
When you're livin' in the house of pain13Embed
No, fuck the bitches, fuck all the stank-ass hoes
All my niggas know
Junior M.A.F.I.A. clique, Gucci Don, you know how we play
Fuckin' scandalous-ass bitches
You know how it go, Gooch
I meet a bitch, fuck a bitch
Next thing you know, you fuckin' a bitch
You just pass around shit, pass the shit like a cold and shit
Fuck 'em

Now when I'm fucking off gin I'm invincible
Don't love no ho, that's my principle
'Cause, uh, bitches come (And uh) bitches go (Uh)
That's why I get my nut and I be out the fucking door (You know)
They might be the one to set me up
Want to get they little brother to wet me up
That's why I tote TECs and stuff, to get them off my case
Just in case the little fucker ends up misplaced
I don't give a bitch enough to catch the bus
And when I see the semen I'm leaving
Bitches be scheming, I kid you not
That's why I keep my windows locked and my Glock cocked
One ho said, Big, why you so hard on us?
Why you swear all bitches are so scandalous?
Thug nigga 'til the end, tell a friend, bitch
'Cause when I like you, then you go and fuck my friend, bitch
And you know that ain't right
You might also like
You know that ain't right with a friend of mine
You know that ain't right with a friend of mine
You know that ain't right with a friend of mine
You know that ain't right with a friend of mine

You see, I don't sweat these hoes
I keep them in flavors like Timbos and Girbauds
Bitches just like to play the merry-go
Yeah we know, drop the scenario
It was me, Dee, the MPV
The blunts and brew thang, knocking some Wu-tang
M-E-T-H-Oh shit, look at them lips and them hips on that bitch
Dee hit the dip, so I can drop my mackadocious shit
Light the blunt clip and recognize a pimp
Needless to speak, the G's obsolete
Don't sleep, banged the skins in a week
On the creep up the avenue
I seen her on the block, who she rapping to?
That's my nigga Dee, damn he got G
Now she fucking him and fucking me, see
You know that ain't right

You know that ain't right with a friend of mine
You know that ain't right with a friend of mine
You know that ain't right with a friend of mine
You know that ain't right with a friend of mine, uh
Now I play her far like a moon play a star
She still sweat me hard 'cause I'm a rap star
I be cruising up the block, I be passing her
Pimping hard with a female passenger
And the only time I call her to hang
Is when me and Dee blunted up, pissy, scheming on a gangbang
She should have used her intuition
Then she wouldn't be classified in that position, listen
She's saying I dissed her 'cause I'm fucking her sister
A message to the fellas, that really gets 'em pissed, uh
But she started that fucking family
She fucked my man Dee, so why she mad at me? (True)
Plus your sister look better than you
Give head better than you, pussy get wetter than you
So break the fuck out like a rash
I'm glad I ain't spend no cash to hit your nasty ass

You know that ain't right with a friend of mine
You know that ain't right with a friend of mine
You know that ain't right with a friend of mine
You know that ain't right with a friend of mine12Embed
The world is filled with pimps and hoes
We'll just talk about those I knows
The world is mine, can't you see?
I'm just tryin' to be all I can be
Ohhahhoahh, yeah

Now first come the cash, then come the ass
Then come big blunts with big chunks of hash
When I score with a whore, she be game for sure
Pimp so hard a nigga drag his mink on the floor
Won't you admit it? I ain't gotta talk 'cause I live it
Any chick fuckin' with me, believe me, that's a privilege
I won't be satisfied til all my niggas get it
See, you hit it then I hit it, we get it back to split it
And Big be that nigga, we be flyin' through your hood
Hood rats scopin' with their eyes on my goods
See, we date 'em like we hate 'em, see 'em like we don't need 'em
Treat 'em like we meet 'em, and never give up freedom
And we only give our number to selected few
And it's best that you never knew what good head'll do
Turn a freak to a bisexual
And if she's flexible, fuck the nigga next to you

The world is filled with pimps and hoes
We'll just talk about those I knows
The world is mine, can't you see?
I'm just tryin' to be all I can be
Ohhahhoahh, yeah
You might also like
Uhh, uhh, uhh
"When the Remy's in the system, ain't no tellin'
Will I fuck him? Will I diss him?", that's what these hoes yellin'
I'm a pimp by blood, not relation
Y'all still chase 'em, I'll replace 'em, huh
Drunk off Dom, silk and gators
Spittin' words, make a bird tell they flock see you later
Whether, drunk or high, skunk or Thai
Nigga play against a playa, shit, slugs gon' fly
Ain't gon' lie, pimped out her SSI
Nigga don't ask why, just respect it
She bought me the necklace, the bracelet
The Benz-o - she laced it
Crib-o, got it, interior decorated
Now my popularity grew in each state
Now I got 2 in each state
Used to drink brew and eat steak
Now I pop bottles with models, larger steaks on large estates, shit

The world is filled with pimps and hoes
We'll just talk about those I knows
The world is mine, can't you see?
I'm just tryin' to be all I can be
Ohhahhoahh, yeah
I had a whole lot of bitches in my lifetime
I been blessed with the game, always say the right lines
Had a few prostitutes, and if you knew the truth
They're like pimps, you can't let em do it to you!
She ain't no sucker, I know that bitch, man
She wanna be a Pretty Woman lovin' a rich man
Now here you come, drop top ridin'
You ain't no pimp, fake nigga, stop lyin'
Pussy makes money, stick to the business
Think about the real motherfuckers that lived it
Street life, pimp shit, make the ho respect the game
You bought her diamonds and cars, trick, that's a shame
Say what you want, but I still figure
She left you 'cause you couldn't be like them real niggas
She was a hustler by nature and you was just faker
Than the average simps, found a badder pimp

Crazy ass man
I never would have bought that bitch all them cars
And all that shit you bought that hoe, man
After I heard about what the bitch did nigga, knew the hoe!
Man I'm 30 years old, nigga
And that bitch was hoein' when I was in 9th grade and shit
Think about that: she been around then right?
Shit, you just a rest haven for hoes, man
Just the first nigga that came along when the bitch got out the pen
Bitch only fuckin' with you cause you had a good ass job, nigga
Nerd...treat the bitch better than anybody ever treated her
Stupid ass nigga, she ain't nothin' but a hoe!
Bet you fell in love with her man!
You can't turn a hoe into a housewife, fool
Every time you turn your back, that bitch is fuckin' with them gangstas
Eastside, Westside - these are my partners
Do that shit, you know what I'm talkin' 'bout nigga
I tell you about some real pimps and hoes
Tell you about these pimps and these hoes man
Yeah I know a few, shit
Beyotch!14Embed
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your...

TREVIN JONES: Welcome back
We're here on Bad Boy Television, and I'm Trevin Jones
And I've been conversing with the Mad Rapper
And quite frankly, he's very mad
We're gonna try to find out why
So we'll take some questions at this point from our studio audience
Yes, ma'am, please stand and state your name and where you're from
SHAY: Hi, my name is Shay, and I'm from New Rochelle. And I just don't understand, why you so mad?
Like, what are you so mad about?
THE MAD RAPPER: Yo, yo, yo-yo, y'know, yo, you wanna know why? Yo, first of all, you can't be askin' me no question, youknowhatI'msayin'?
Who the fuck is you?
TREVIN JONES: Ahh, excuse me, Mr. Rapper, Mr. Rapper
THE MAD RAPPER: YouknowhatI'msayin? You can't be askin' me no question
TREVIN JONES: It's a family-oriented show
THE MAD RAPPER: I'ma tell you why I'm mad, youknowhatI'msayin?
I'ma tell you why I'm mad, I'ma tell you why I'm mad
These niggas is makin' $500,000 videos, youknowsayin?
They drivin' around in hot cars, youknowsayin?
They got bitches, they got all that shit
TREVIN JONES: Sir, please, please, refrain from your foul language
THE MAD RAPPER: YouknowhatI'ms--?
I'm still livin' with my Moms, youknowhatI'msayin?
That's my word, youknowI'ms—?
I'm makin' records, I ain't made no money yet I done made—
This is my fourth album, yo, this my fourth album
I ain't made a dime yet
This nigga made one album, he makin' wild records
That "Ready to Die" shit, it was aight, it was aight, youknowI'msayin
That shit was a'ight, it was cool
But my shit is J—more John Blaze than that! I got John Blaze shit
And they not resp-ecognising, they not sayin'— "I recognize"
And fuck is that, who is you to be askin' me questions, youknowhatI'msayin? Who is you?
You might also like
I gots to talk
I gotta tell what I feel (Mhm)
I gotta talk about my life as I see it
(Biggie)
Uh, uh-huh
Uh, this goes out to you (Biggie)
This goes out to you
And you, and you, and you (Biggie)
This goes out to you
This goes out to you (Biggie)
This goes out to you
And you, and you (Uh)
Your reign on the top was short like leprechauns
As I crush so-called willies, thugs and rapper-dons (Uh)
Get in that ass quick-fast like Ramadan
It's that rap phenomenon Don Dada, fuck Poppa
You gotta call me Francis M.H
White, intake light tokes, tote iron
Was told in shootouts, stay low and keep firin'
Keep extra clips for extra shit (Uh-huh)
Who's next to flip on that cat with that grip on rap?
The most shady (Tell 'em!) Frankie, baby
Ain't no tellin' where I may be
May see me in D.C.
At Howard Homecoming with my man Capone, dumbin'
Fuckin' somethin', you should know my steelo:
Went from ten G's for blow to thirty G's a show
To orgies with hoes I never seen befo', so
Jesus! Get off the Notorious'
Penis, before I squeeze and bust
If the beef between us, we can settle it with the chrome and metal shit
I make it hot like a kettle get
You're delicate, you better get — who sent ya?
You still pedal shit, I got more rides than "Great Adventure"
Biggie ("How are you gonna do it?")
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was, "Poppa, don't hit me no more"
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was, "Poppa, don't hit me no more"
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was, "Poppa, don't hit me no more" (Biggie)
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44 (Uh-huh)
All you heard was, "Poppa, don't hit me no more (Uh, uh-huh)

On ya mark, get set when I spark, ya wet
Look how dark it get when you're marked for death (Uh)
Should I start your breath, or should I let ya die?
In fear, you start to cry, ask why, lyrically I'm
Worshiped, don't front, the word sick
You cursed it but rehearsed it
I drop unexpectedly like bird shit, you herbs get
Stuck quickly for royalties and show money
Don't forget the publishin', I punish 'em (Uh-huh), I'm done with them (Uh-huh)
Son, I'm surprised you run with them
I think they got cum in them, 'cause they nothin' but dicks
Tryna blow up like nitro and dynamite sticks
Mad I smoke hydro, rock diamonds that's sick
Got paid off my flow, rhyme with my own clique
Take trips to Cairo, layin' wit' yo' bitch
I know you prayin' you was rich, fuckin' prick, when I see ya, I'ma...
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44 (Uh-huh)
All you heard was, "Poppa, don't hit me no more" (Uh, uh, uh)
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was, "Poppa, don't hit me no more"
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was, "Poppa, don't hit me no more" (Biggie)
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was, "Poppa, don't hit me no more"

This goes out for those that choose to use
Disrespectful views on the King of N-Y
Fuck that, why try? Throw bleach in ya eye
Now ya braillin' it, snatch that light shit, I'm scalin' it
Conscious of ya nonsense, in '88
Sold more powder than Johnson & Johnson
Tote steel like Bronson, Vigilante
You wanna get on, son? You need to aks me
Ain't no other kings in this rap thing, they siblings
Nothin' but my children, one shot — they disappearin' (Uh)
It's ill when MCs used to be on cruddy shit
Took home Ready to Die, listened, studied shit
Now they on some money shit, successful out the blue
They lightweight, fragili, my 9 milli'
Make the whites shake, that's why my money never funny
And you still recoupin', stupid!
Stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid...48Embed
Uhh, uhh
Uhh, uhh, uhh, uhh, what
Hah, what, how real is this?
Uhh, uhh, how real is this?
What? Uhh, what?
Uhh

We push the hottest V's, peel fast
Through the city, play Monopoly with real cash
Me and Biggie and the models be shakin' they sadiddy ass
And Prada be somethin' you cats got to see
And the watches be all types and shapes of stones
Bein' broke is childish and I'm quite grown
Run up in the club with the ice on, me and Paisan
Scope the spot out, see somethin' nice and I'm gone
You cats is home screamin' the fight's on
I'm in the fifteen hundred seats, watchin' Tyson
Same night, same fight
But one of us cats ain't playin' right, I let you tell it
People place yourselves in the shoes of two felons
And tell me you won't ball every chance you get
And any chance you hit, we live for the moment
Makes sense, don't it? Now make dollars
Cats pop bottles, bone chicks that favor Idalis
And rack up frequent flight mileage
You might also like
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey
I love the dough, more than you know
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey
I'm poppin' Magnums while Jigga bag somethin'
Watch is platinum, got jet lag from
Flights back and forth, pop corks of the best grapes
Make the best CDs and the best tapes
Don't forget the vinyl; take girls, break spinals
Biggie be Richie like Lionel, shit
You seen the Jesús, dipped to H classes
Ice project off lights, chick flashes
Blind your broke asses
Even got rocks in the beards and mustaches; rock top fashions
Ain't shit changed, 'cept the number after the dot on the Range
Way niggas look at me now, kinda strange
I hate y'all too
Rather be in Caribbean sands with Rachel
It's unreal, out the blue Frank White got sex appeal
Bitches used to go, "Ewww!"
Still tote steel, I'm tryin' to see five mil off the single, for real
You ain't fazin' the amazin'
While your gun's raisin', mine is blazin'
See you want see me all talkin' to sweetness
Take it for weakness and leave quick
Blocka, Roc-A-Fella, Bad Boy collabo
Two MCs with mad dough, you know
I love the dough, more than you know
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey (I love the dough)
I love the dough, more than you know (gonna let it show)
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey

Miraculous, pockets stay full
Niggas skip the bull 'cause we matadors
Snatch the P89s that we pack in the drawers
And we clap the doors of your Acuras
Snap like, cameras on amateurs
Make you all dance, hold a hammer to yours
Jig and Big rock ice, no cracks or flaws
Everybody got a part to play, back to yours
Run up in your crib now, crack your doors
Watch the real players live, it's a habit to floss
Play the charts like The Beatles, y'all adapt you lost
And toast Cristal on behalf of y'all
Too bad for y'all
Ain't too many as bad as yours truly
Do we, we laugh at y'all
Little bastards y'all
Uhh, uhh
We hit makers with acres
Roll shakers in Vegas, you can't break us
Lost chips on Lakers, gassed off Shaq
Country house, tennis courts and horseback
Ridin', decidin' cracked crab or lobster
Who say mobsters don't prosper?
Niggas is actors, niggas deserve Oscars
Me I'm, critically acclaimed, slug pass your brain
Reminisce on dames whose coochie used to stink
When we rocked house pieces and puffy Gucci links
Now we buy homes in unfamiliar places
Tito smile every time he see our faces
Cases catch more than outfielders
Half these rappin' cats ain't seen war
Couldn't score if they had point game, they lame
Speak my name, I make 'em Dash like Dame
(We love the dough...)
I love the dough, more than you know (gonna let it show)
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey
I love the dough, more than you know (gonna let it show)
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey
I love the dough, more than you know (ah yeah)
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey
I love the dough, more than you know
Gotta let it show, I love the dough, hey26Embed
"Today's agenda, got the suitcase up in the Sentra
Go to room 112, tell 'em Blanco sent ya
Feel the strangest if no money exchanges
I got these kids in Ranges to leave them niggas brainless
All they tote is stainless, you just remain as
Calm as possible, make the deal go through
If not, here's 12 shots, we know how you do
Please make your killings clean, slugs up in between
Their eyes like True Lies, kill 'em and flee the scene
Just bring back the coke or the cream, or else
Your life is on the shelf, we mean this, Frank
Them cats we fucking with put bombs in your mom's gas tank"
"Let's get this money baby, they shady, we get shady
Dress up like ladies and burn 'em with dirty .380s
Then they come to kill our babies, that's all out
I got gats that blow the wall out, clear them all out, fuck the fallout
Word to Stretch, I bet they pussy
The seven digits push me, fucking real, here's the deal
I got a hundred bricks, 14.5 apiece
Enough to cop a 6, buy the house on the beach
Supply the peeps with Jeeps, brick apiece, capisce?
Everybody getting cream, no one considered a leech
Think about it now, that's damn near 1.5
I kill 'em all, I'll be set for life"—"Frank, pay attention
These motherfuckers is henchmen, renegades, if you die
They still get paid, extra probably, fuck a robbery
I'm the boss, promise you won't rob 'em"—"I promise"
But, of course, you know I had my fingers crossed
You might also like
Niggas bleed just like us, picture me being scared
Of a nigga that breathe the same air as me
Niggas bleed just like us, picture me being shook
We can both pull burners, make the motherfucking beef cook
Niggas bleed just like us, picture a nigga hiding
My life in that man's hands while he just deciding
Niggas bleed just like us, I'd rather go toe-to-toe
With all of y'all, running ain't in my protocol

Since it's on, I call my nigga Arizona Ron
From Tucson, push the black Yukon
Usually had the slow grooves on, mostly rock the Isley
Stupid as a youngin', chose not to move wisely
Sharper with game, him and his crooks caught a jux
Heard it was sweet, about 350 apiece
Ron bought a truck, two bricks laid in the cut
His peeps got bucked, got locked the fuck up
That's when Ron vanished, came back speaking Spanish
Lavish habits, two rings, twenty carats
Here's a criminal, nigga made America's Most
Killed his baby mother brother, slit his throat
The nigga got bagged with the toast, weeded, took it to trial, beat it
Now, he feel he undefeated, he mean it
"Nothing to lose" tattooed around his gun wounds
"Everything to gain" embedded in his brain
And me? I feel the same—for this money, you dying
Especially if my daughter crying, I ain't lying, y'all know the science
Niggas bleed just like us, picture me being scared
Of a nigga that breathe the same air as me
Niggas bleed just like us, picture me being shook
We can both pull burners, make the motherfucking beef cook
Niggas bleed just like us, picture a nigga hiding
My life in that man's hands while he just deciding
Niggas bleed just like us, I'd rather go toe-to-toe
With all of y'all; running ain't in my protocol

We agreed to go in shooting is silly
Because niggas could be hiding in showers with MAC-millis
So I freaked 'em, the telly manager was Puerto Rican
Gloria from Astoria, I went to war with her
Peeps in '91, stole a gun from my workers
And they took drugs, they tried to jerk us
We blazed they place, long story, Glo' seen my face
Got shook, thought a nigga was coming for the safe
Now she breaking, "Shut up! 112, what's shaking?"
"A Jamaican, some bitches, I swear they look gay
And a black Range Rover been outside all day"
If it's trouble, let me know, I'll be on my way
"Please, I got kids to feed, I done seen you make niggas bleed"
Nightmare, this bitch don't need
"Ron, get the gasoline, this spot, we about to blow this
Get the cash before the cops and Range Rover cats notice"
Room 112, right by the staircase, perfect place
When they evacuate, they meet their fate
"Ron, pass the gasoline," the nigga passed me kerosene
Fuck it, it's flammable, my hunger is unexplainable
Strike the match, just what I expected
The dread kid ejecting in seconds and here come two...
Opposite sexes, one black, one Malaysian
We in the hallway waiting patient
As soon as she hit the door, we start blasting
I saw her brains hit the floor, Ron laughing
I swear to God, I hit Maxi Priest at least 12 times in the chest
Spinned around, shot the chink in the breast
She crying, headshots put her to rest
Pop open them briefcases, nothing but Franklin faces
The spot's hot, sprinklers, alarm systems
That's when other guests start to slip in, it's time for us to get to dipping
I know them niggas in the Range is on they way up flipping
Pistol-gripping, I load the clip in
The hallway got real loud and crowded
They walked right past us, I don't know how they allowed it
The funny thing about it, through all the excitement
Their Range got towed, they double-parked by a hydrant
Stupid motherfuckers (Hahahahahaha!)38Embed

Who the fuck is this, pagin' me at 5:46 in the morning?
Crack of dawn and now I'm yawnin'
Wipe the cold out my eye
See who's this pagin' me and why
It's my nigga, Pop from the barbershop
Told me he was in the gambling spot and heard the intricate plot
Of niggas wanna stick me like flypaper, neighbor
Slow down, love, please chill, drop the caper
Remember them niggas from the hill up in Brownsville
That you rolled dice with, smoked blunts and got nice with?
Yeah, my nigga Fame up in Prospect
Nah, them my niggas, nah, love, wouldn't disrespect
I didn't say them
They schooled me to some niggas that you knew from back when
When you was clockin' minor figures
Now they heard you're blowin' up like nitro
And they wanna stick the knife through your windpipe slow
So, thank Fame for warnin' me, 'cause now I'm warnin' you
I got the MAC, nigga, tell me what you gonna do

Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper
Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper
Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper
Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my paper
You might also like
They heard about the Rolexes and the Lexus
With the Texas license plates out of state
They heard about the pounds you got down in Georgetown
And they heard you got half of Virginia locked down
They even heard about the crib
You bought your moms out in Florida, the Fifth Corridor
Call the coroner!
There's gonna be a lot of slow singin' and flower-bringin'
If my burglar alarm starts ringin'
What ya think all the guns is for?
All-purpose war, got the Rottweilers by the door
And I feed 'em gunpowder so they can devour
The criminals tryin' to drop my decimals
Damn, niggas wanna stick me for my cream
And it ain't a dream, things ain't always what it seem
It's the ones that smoke blunts with ya, see your picture
Now they wanna grab they guns and come and get ya
Bet ya Biggie won't slip
I got the Calico with the black talons loaded in the clip
So I can rip through the ligaments
Put the fuckers in a bad predicament
Where all the foul niggas went
Touch my cheddar, feel my Beretta
Buck what I'ma hit you with, you motherfuckers better duck
I bring pain, bloodstains on what remains
Of his jacket, he had a gun, he shoulda packed it
Cocked it, extra clips in my pocket
So I can reload and explode on your asshole
I fuck around and get hardcore
C-4 to your door, no beef no more, nigga
Feel the rough, scandalous
The more weed smoke I puff, the more dangerous
I don't give a fuck about you or your weak crew
What you gonna do when Big Poppa come for you?
I'm not runnin', nigga, I bust my gun and
Hold on, I hear somebody comin'
C'mon, motherfucker
Man, I'm comin' as fast as I can
Just g— bring your motherfuckin' ass on, come on
Are we gettin' close, huh?
It's right over here
You sure it's Biggie Smalls crib, man?
Yeah, I'm sure, motherfucker, come on
Man, fuck, this better be his motherfuckin' house
Fuck, right here
Tsk, this better be this motherfucker's house
Oh shit
What? What's wrong?
What's that red dot on your head, man?
What red dot?
Oh shit! You got a red dot on your head, too
Oh shit!97Embed
Bad Boy, baby
Yeah, yeah
Junior M.A.F.I.A., yeah
B.I.G. 2000, B.I.G. 2000, Born Again
Yeah

The weak or the strong
Who got it goin' on?
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it goin' on?
You're dead wrong

Relax and take notes, while I take tokes of the marijuana smoke
Throw you in a choke — gunsmoke! Gunsmoke!
Biggie Smalls for mayor, the rap slayer, the hooker layer
Motherfucker, say your prayers!
"Hail Mary, full of grace..." — smack the bitch in the face
Take her Gucci bag, and the North Face off her back, jab her if she act
Funny with the money? Oh, you got me mistaken, honey
I don't wanna rape ya, I just want the paper
The Visa, capisce-ah? I'm out like The Vapors
Who's the one you call Mr. Macho?
The head honcho, swift fists like Cu-macho
I got so much style, I should be down with the Stylistics
"Make up to break up", niggas need to wake up
Smell the Indonesia, beat you to a seizure
Then fuck your moms, hit the skins to amnesia
She don't remember shit! Just the two hits
Her hittin' the floor, and me hittin' the clits!
Suckin' on the tits, had the hooker beggin' for the dick
And your moms ain't ugly, love, my dick got rock quick
I guess I was a combination of House of Pain and Bobby Brown
I was Humpin' Around and Jumpin' Around
Jacked her, then I asked her, "Who's the man?"
She said, "B-I-G", then I bust in her E-Y-E
You might also like
Yo, Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it goin' on?
You're dead wrong
Yo, Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it goin' on? (Junior MAFIA, Bad Boy)
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it goin' on? (Who got it goin' on?)
You're dead wrong
Yo, Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it goin' on? (Who got it goin' on?)
You're dead wrong

When I get dusted, I like to spread the blunt like mustard
Trust it! My hardcore rain leaves ya rusted
Move over, Lucifer, I'm more ruthless, uh!
Leave you toothless, you'll kibitz, I'll flip it
Tears don't affect me, I hit 'em with the TEC, G's
Disrespect me, my potency is deadly
I'm shootin' babies — no ifs, ands or maybes
Hit mummy in the tummy if the hooker plays a dummy
Slit the wrist of little sis
After she sucked the dick, I stabbed her brother with the ice pick
Because he wanted me to fuck him from the back
But Smalls don't get down like that
Found your father hidin' in a room, fucked him with the broom
Slit him down the back and threw salt in the wound
Who you think you're dealin' with?
Anybody step into my path is fuckin' feeling it!
Hardcore, I got it sucked like a pussy
Stab you 'til you're gushy, so please don't push me
I'm using rubbers so they won't trace the semen
The black demon got the little hookers screamin' (Woo!)
Because you know I love it young, fresh and green
With no hair in between, know what I mean?
The weak or the strong
Who got it going on?
You're dead wrong
Yo, Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it goin' on?
You're dead wrong
(This 2000, Bad Boy forever, baby)
The weak or the strong
Who got it goin' on? (Who got it goin' on?)
You're dead wrong
Yo, Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it goin' on?
You're dead wrong
(Ladies and gentlemen...)

There's several different levels to Devil worshipin'
Horses' heads, human sacrifices, cannibalism, candles and exorcism
Animals, havin' sex with 'em, camels, mammals and rabbits
But I don't get into that, I kick the habit
I just beat you to death with weapons that eat through the flesh
And I never eat you unless the fuckin' meat looks fresh
I got a lion in my pocket — I'm lyin', I got a .9 in my pocket
And, baby, I'm just dyin' to cock him
He's ready for war, I'm ready for war
I got machetes and swords for any faggot that said he was raw
My Uzi's heavy as yours
Yeah, you met me before
I just didn't have as large an arsenal of weapons before
Marshall will step in the door, I'll lay your head on the floor
With your body spread on the bedspread, red on the wall
Red on the ceiling, red on the floor, get a new whore
Met on the second, wed on the third, then she's dead on the fourth!
I'm dead wrong!
The weak or the strong
Who got it goin' on?
You're dead wrong
Yo, Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it goin' on? (Junior MAFIA, Bad Boy)
You're dead wrong
The weak or the strong (Uh-huh)
Who got it goin' on? (Born Again, yeah)
You're dead wrong
Yo, Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it goin' on?
You're dead wrong (C'mon)
The weak or the strong
Who got it goin' on?
You're dead wrong (C'mon)
Yo, Big, you're dead wrong
The weak or the strong
Who got it goin' on?
You're dead wrong (*repeat to fade*)

We won't stop, 'cause we can't stop
96Embed
I wish to thank you for your kind words
You warm gestures and your constant support over the years
I also need to share with you a few words about my son
Please take a few moments and listen
I hope you gain something from it, thanks
As a child Christopher was outspoken
When it suited him at times he was quiet
And of course he was mischievous as all little boys are
As a young man he liked to do everything
He liked to read, he liked to be with his friends
As young kids or young boys he enjoyed life
Everything that would make him happy or comfortable
He would do but mostly he enjoyed being with his friends and family
His early inspirations toward rap music were
The LL's of the world, the Sugar Hills, the Mr. Magics
And the Fat Boys of the rap channel
Those were all the things I heard in the house
Even though I called it noise and banging
I know now, it is a accepted musical art form
I was a single parent, I raised my son on my own
His father had no influence on his decision
Towards the musical outlet or career he chose
You might also likeMy son had a mind of his own, even if his father was around
He would have turned to rap he loved music, he loved rap
At a point in my son's life he developed paranoia
About death and about the dying
We are living in a world of imperfect human beings
Where greed, jealousy and envy
Are manifested by what others have accomplished in life
My son was very very much aware of that
He appreciated his station in life on the directions
In which he was going or traveling
On the other hand there were others
Who I should use the hip hop phrase player hating
And I think that is what resulted in his paranoia
If I had to change anything in my son's life
That would have allowed him to be here today
I would have deterred him from a career in music
I'm aware that millions appreciate his music, millions loved his music
Be that it may if he hadn't chosen that lifestyle, that career
My son would be alive today
If I could sum up Christopher in one word the word would be generous
The thing that my son loved most about life was the fact that
He was in a position to help, position to share
Position to give to others who needed, to others who wanted
To others appreciated the gifts that he gave2Embed
Uhh.. UHH
Yeah..
Uhh.. uhh..
Uh! Yeah.. yeah..
Uhh..
I'm on..
Fuck em.. yeah, uhh..
With my hands gripped, "Praise the Lord" shit
Fuck her, never knew her
Screw her.. (dump her body, dump her body) sewer
"Our Father?".. uh-huh..

What you expected from his next of kin
I'm loco bro, but ain't no Mexican
I got nines in the bedroom, Glocks in the kitchen
A shotty by the shower if you wanna shoot me while I'm shittin
Uhh, the lesson from the Smith and Wessun is depressin
Niggas keep stressin, the same motherfuckin question
How many shots does it take to make my heart stop
And my body start to shake? If I should die before I wake

With my hands gripped, praise the Lord shit
Our Father, if I should die before I wake
With my hands gripped, praise the Lord shit
Our Father, if I should die before I wake
You might also like
Fluck that, snap a nigga shit, smash him with the 5th, watch his body lift
Shut his hottie's lips, bitch screamin, hit her body quick
Got me like the trifest not knowin how my life is
My life is, rap sheet long as the Turnpike
The sheistest, hey fella, who bidded with the lifers
Did it with the Glocks, spit it with your pops, you was in diapers
Loved me when you came to Rikers
Hated me all in the free cypher, mad you can't be like us
Some murderers who turn bikers, see Biggie Smalls
Recruited these snipers, alumni do it just like us
Some pied pipers, squeezin life out y'all
It's all out war, be all wild as all outdoor
If a coward got beef, y'all be checkin his palm
Paralyzin, my niggas thorough kid, how bout yours?
Real quick to screw a nigga then, pop out four
Clean the wipers, hit the party up and, hop out yours
Bitch nigga, whoah

With my hands gripped, praise the Lord shit
Our Father, if I should die before I wake
With my hands gripped, praise the Lord shit
Our Father, if I should die before I wake

Yo, when you fuckin with Mac, you fuckin with the best
I'm still going to war with them dusty Tecs
Man you know how I handle my shit, S.K. can on my shit
Jump out of vans like Hannibal Smith
Man I spit a thousand rounds, your squad don't need it
Shredders in a riot pump leave you quadriplegic
When I squeeze don't breathe keep it lined and even
So when niggas get hit, they be cryin screamin
Lyin bleedin from that iron steamin
And I ain't tryin to hear that bullshit, I ain't mean it
Niggas start bitchin, when that pistol in they face
Or I sick two pits to come and get you in your place
If I catch you in my shit, I'm wakin my bitch
Hear take this shit, crackin the brick, facin that shit
Takin two sniffs, grabbing my shit
Best believe if I get hit, y'all niggas takin some shit
Picture niggas takin my shit
With my hands gripped, praise the Lord shit
Our Father, if I should die before I wake
With my hands gripped, praise the Lord shit
Our Father, if I should die before I wake

Niggas never thought they'd see Cube and Biggie
In the year 2000 all drunk and pissy
Off whiskey, you can miss me acting gay
He's the King of New York, I'm the King of L.A
Doin it the O.G. way, it's sorta like
The Brooklyn Way, it's just the crook in me
So this is dedicated to the memory of
The Notorious One, the glorious one
And if you go for your gun, I got to go for mine
Cock my nine and seperate your head from your spine
So, "Grab yo' dicks if you love Hip-Hop" and
Fuck you niggas that shot Big Pop'
The conspiracy of this nation for assassination
Of the young black male in this black Hell
And I can tell, no matter the weather
That you and 2Pac got your shit together
California Love

With my hands gripped, praise the Lord shit
Our Father, if I should die before I wake
With my hands gripped, praise the Lord shit
Our Father, if I should die before I wake1Embed
Queens B, and and The Notorious B.I.G. nigga
The best that ever lived, the best that ever did it
The best that ever lived it
Cocksuckers, what's his name, huh? (Biggie)
That's how we do it y'all
Yeah, to all my niggas in the house
Bad Boy
Who we die for? (Biggie)
All day, everyday nigga

For the love of B.I.G., we bang out
Since my man died, we don't hang out
We blow brains out
We tear the club up pullin' things out
Mafia World, all my niggas max out (Biggie)
We Bad Boys, why ya'll niggas cracked out
Coward niggas, most are burried down south
Far from gangstas, really hush puppies
Niggas bearly speak when we discuss money (Biggie)
Niggas stay yappin when there's always somethin' funny (Uh-huh)
The realest niggas never took nuthin from me (Aight)
(Biggie) Rock ice, stay jig (Uh-huh)
Fuck with niggas that got drunk, and hate kids (Biggie)
Got niggas on state bids, that hate movies like Rosewood and Matrix (Biggie)
Ayo, Biggie taught me well (Uh-huh)
Biggie told me how to flip bricks like cartwheel
You might also like
(Biggie) To all my thugs who puffed him
To all my girls who hugged him
You love him, yell his name (Biggie)
I'd rather die on my feet, than live on my knees
Nigga please, I cock and squeeze for Biggie Mafia
Representin' Bucktown
Mack 11's cocked back, niggas better duck down
Face down, you know the routine, the cream
Earrings, you know the drama Biggie bring

(Biggie) For B.I.G., I learn to grip aim and cock it (Uh-huh)
Once I got it, I lock it
Banger, big city boy with deep pockets (Whooo)
See me speak, that paper better be the topic (Uh-huh)
I like my ice frozen like the Antartic
I'm quick to finish it, your good to start it (Biggie)
And with the flashy colors on, you just a target (Uh-huh)
Waitin for a hard hit
I like marine blue, marine green, roll with a mean team
Meshed out, fresh out, and stay greams
(Biggie) We big boys, we do big things
Born in this county of kings (Uh-huh)
I ain't got shit, I spread things, take things (Take that, yeah)
Fuck whenever my mood swings, from the summer for the winter to the spring
My nigga ill's holdin it down for the beam
Like BIG said, we do the real things
We still bubble and steal chains
Still tustle, still struggle, we feel pain
Still ride, still die for BIG's name
(Biggie) To all my thugs who puffed him
To all my girls who hugged him
You love him, yell his name (Biggie)
I'd rather die on my feet, than live on my knees
Nigga please, I cock and squeeze for Biggie Mafia
Representin' Bersecktown
Mack 11' cocked back, niggas better duck down
Face down, you know the routine, the cream
Earrings, you know the drama Biggie bring

(Biggie) For BIG I grip the Sig, put six in your wig (Uh-huh)
Not cause of what he said, 'cause of what he did
When I hear that pop quiz, that's the way I was raised
And that's the way it is for (Biggie)
We roll like the Panthers, show our guns on camera
Do jokes with police scanners, niggas mediocre, full of dirt like hampers
I roll with a bunch of niggas that wear bandanas and rep (Biggie)
We kept it thurough, from the heart ripped the barrel
B.K. style, see BIG howl, now
Lets see who, wanna go against Mafia world
Niggas nuthin but squirels, they know we rep (Biggie)
Niggas tryin to get a nut, hit in the head or below the gut
Wood style roll'em up, get plucked, nigga what
Go back to spend a ton, and know cats wit gold tooths
Know my gat and bust for my nigga... (Biggie)
(Biggie) To all my thugs who puffed him
To all my girls who hugged him
You love him, yell his name (Biggie)
I'd rather die on my feet, than live on my knees
Nigga please, I cock and squeeze for Biggie Mafia
Representin' Bucktown
Mack 11's cocked back, niggas better duck down
Face down, you know the routine, the cream (You know the routine)
EEarrings, you know the drama Biggie bring

(Biggie) Now when I cock back and squeeze, my Desert E'z
Make you drop to your knees, barly able to breathe
My bullets move in threes, one for Brook-lyn
One for Mafia so take that, Uh, and this one's for... (Biggie)
You know Frank kept me iced out
Mink dragon, seven figures in my bank account
All that material shit, ya'll still tryin to get it
Uh, you fuckin pricks, get off his dick tryin to be like... (Biggie)
All ya'll lame ass niggas keep my man name out your mouth
Or get this shit right, check it, it's the B-I, double G-I, E
Ya'll niggas can't see Poppa, nor the Big Moma
Who do you love? (Biggie)
For the Y2G, the two ten
We got it sewn, we don't need ya'll help, we hold our own
Cause this goes out to cats not tryin to give it up
BIG missin us, shout him out...

(Biggie) To all my thugs who puffed him
To all my girls who hugged him
You love him, yell his name (Biggie)
I'd rather die on my feet, than live on my knees
Nigga please, I cock and squeeze for Biggie Mafia
Representin' Bucktown
Mack 11's cocked back, niggas better duck down
Face down, you know the routine, the cream
Earrings, you know the drama Biggie bring9Embed
The, thick, thick, thick thick, the
The, thicky the, the, the
Thicky the, thick thick the, the
Thicky the, the
Thicky the, the, the, thicky thick the
Uh, uh

Venue after venue I've been through
Come up to the telly so I can bend you (Uh)
Send you to the store, condoms and more
Jealous females call you sluts and whores
Could it be my hardcore metaphor
Makes sweat pour on the bedroom floor? (Uh)
Open up the Lex door, jump on in
I'm kinda tired, I'ma roll blunts while you spin
You got your license, right? Alright, no swerving
Hair blonde out, Madonna style like a virgin (Uh)
Splurging, Dom P., Rose
Much foreplay, that's my forte
Niggas see the ring, baguettes to death (Uh)
She looking for a man, honey, he just left
Violate me, he get beat to death
Goodfellas squeeze every shell they got left (Uh)
Grand Marnier increase the don strength
Two four-fifths within my arms length
With a calm breath I say, "We got to float"
Throw Little Cease the keys to the boat
Tongue all down her throat, you know the routine
Got my dick large like Bruce Springsteen
And you mean too (Uh), eyes greenish blue
Got the Coogi sweater with the bubble Fubu
Beautiful, that's how the night goes
Get out them tight clothes, get in some night clothes
I invite those girls that smoke lah (Uh)
Keep it real with you, you keep it real with I
We be tight like frog's ass
Have you screamin', "Biggie, Biggie, give me one more chance"
What?
You might also like
Would you ride with me? (Yeah)
Would you lie for me? (That's right)
Would you get high with me? (For sure)
Would you die for me? (No doubt)
Would you ride with me? (Yeah)
Would you lie for me? (That's right)
Would you get high with me? (For sure)
Would you die for me? (No doubt)

These hoes don't treat you like I treat you
Like my contacts, I can see right through
Don't they know me and you is stuck like glue?
Queen Bitch means number one and two
Wifey, ya'll ain't got to like me
Go head and act dumb, you'll just catch a hot one
Y'all know where I'm from
Bucktown, lay your ass down
You don't wanna play around (With me)
Probably just mad because Frank chose me
A fly cutie, you just a groupie
Girls call my telephone just to hang up
While me and you is in the crib, laying up
Oh, he ain't tell you that we live together, huh?
And that we gonna have a kid together?
Whatever, me intimidated, never
Anything you give to him, he give it right to Kim
Anyway, I fuck better than you
Give head better than you, pussy get wetter than you
If I fuck another nigga, it don't mean nothing
B.I.G. is in my heart from the start
Whether broke or rich, I'm a stay his bitch
Chicks who used to be around, where they at now?
See I don't care bout them other broads
B.I.G. kept it real with me, and that's that
Would you ride with me? (Yeah)
Would you lie for me? (That's right)
Would you get high with me? (For sure)
Would you die for me? (No doubt)
Would you ride with me? (Yeah)
Would you lie for me? (That's right)
Would you get high with me? (For sure)
Would you die for me? (No doubt)Embed
Yeah, ninety-six, for my Nostrand Ave niggas
My Fulton Street niggas (hardcore for ninety-six)
Dangerous MC's
Uhh (Check it out) uhh
Diamonds on my neck, chrome drop-top
Chillin' on the scene, smokin' pounds of green
Oooh-wee, you see, the ugliest
Money-hungriest, Brooklyn Loch Ness
Nine millimeter cock test, wan fi' test?
And the winner is...

Y'all niggas know the rules
I blast on niggas so --

-- my fist never bruise
Land-still-cruise, Frank White paid his dues
Ask who's the raw, bet they say Poppa very
Look forward to me like commissary
All of a sudden, now every-body Big Willie
Done did it, come widdit, get yo' head splitted
Or get your neck slitted, admit it, you overdid it
Your shit it, just ain't got that LOUD
Gold tooth shine like TaaDow!
Biggie Smalls the illest and how, phrase raise your eyebrow
By now you figure, he talkin' bout that nigga
But your weak-ass assumptions, lead led to dumpin'
IV to pump-in, you're feeling something
Catch my drift, or catch my four-fifth lift
At least six inches, above project fences
Turn meat to minces, jumps turn to flinches
When I rain I drenches, cleared your park benches (HAH)
Missed you by pinches (HOO) your talk is senseless (RRUFF)
Actor needs chiropractor (HAH, HOO) for cracked jaw
Yes, I rocked your chatterbox (Hah)
Dangerous you're not I gets down (HOO)
Twist your body {*singing*} round and round, upside down
You might also like
C'mon, yo, throw your hands, c'mon
Bitch grab your tits, c'mon
Let me know you in the spot
Bump your fists, c'mon
Thugs tote yo' shit
We bout to get mo' rich, c'mon
Let's blow the club, c'mon
Fuck the place up, c'mon
Shake yo' nasty ass
And make it swing all around, c'mon
Yo, make this money
Throw yo' loot on the ground, c'mon
Bounce in your whips, c'mon
Bitch lick yo' lips, c'mon
Dangerous MC's
My nigga this be the shit, c'mon
Dangerous MC's
My nigga this be the shit, c'mon

Uh-huh, make money hand over fist
The bo-vines roam where chickenhearts don't exist
Settin' up shop, it's hands on in the hustle
Fakes don't kill nuttin' but time and don't tussle
The process of elimination, fresh rotation
Come and go and they death be starvation
In the heat of battle it's no rest for the weary
Snooze and you lose is the theory
The theory of a patient man, is wild beyond belief
Be afraid, you don't want beef with us chief
Your talk is cheap and the supply meets demand
Everything you can imagine is real man
And revenge be the dish I serve to cats cold
Stay up on about ten folds, you know how it goes
You know the streets and it's real as shit, c'mon
Niggas grab your dicks, c'mon
Bitches rub your tits, c'mon
C'mon, yo, throw your hands, c'mon
Bitch grab your tits, c'mon
Let me know you in the spot
Bump your fists, c'mon
Thugs tote yo' shit
We bout to get mo' rich, c'mon
Let's blow the club, c'mon
Fuck the place up, c'mon
Shake yo' nasty ass
And make it swing all around, c'mon
Yo, make this money
Throw yo' loot on the ground, c'mon
Bounce in your whips, c'mon
Bitch lick yo' lips, c'mon
Dangerous MC's
My nigga this be the shit, c'mon

Awww nah, big Snoop Dogg
Slap you with my paw, all across your jaw
Break fool on these bitches while I'm breakin' the law
You come up in my room look bitch you takin' it off
Follow me, I slip em slide em rip em ride em provide em
With that West coast G shit, L.B.C. shit
We dips to this, make chips to this
And buy brand new whips and shit, uh-huh (Beyotch)
I bet you didn't know that yo' bitch was suckin' dick (say what?)
Who you think she fuckin' with? (What?) Look here
My, Eastside lifestyle is way foul, move the crowd
Point a pistol at you bitch niggas, BLA-DOW
...How you like me now? (What, what, what?)
You got stuck and fucked, Doggystyle
100 spokes Day-tonas, bendin' the corner
All up in Crooklyn, bad bitches are lookin'
C'mon, yo, throw your hands, c'mon
Bitch grab your tits, c'mon
Let me know you in the spot
Bump your fists, c'mon
Thugs tote yo' shit
We bout to get mo' rich, c'mon
Let's blow the club, c'mon
Fuck the place up, c'mon
Shake yo' nasty ass
And make it swing all around, c'mon
Yo, make this money
Throw yo' loot on the ground, c'mon
Bounce in your whips, c'mon
Bitch lick yo' lips, c'mon
Dangerous MC's
My nigga this be the shit, c'mon

So you lovin' us so much this shit is bleedin' through you
If I worked in a restaurant, I'd shit in the food and feed it to you
Most of my niggas cuckoo, easy to gas to shoot you
Even all of them Haitian niggas won't believe this voodoo
Can yo' pussy be chaka, don't let me speak in pat-ois
And kick you in your face like we playin' a game of soc-cer
I love to cock the Glock-a, stack up on loot and vod-ka
And fuck your crew because all of y'all niggas full of ca-ca
The way we doin' damage tell me how the fuck you manage
With my niggas who marinate on foul thoughts and think savage
Them niggas'll throw you in a manhole
And push they hand in yo' ass
And pull yo' head right out yo' asshole!
Parkay nigga we rugged all day nigga
You ready to fuck bitch? Fuck the foreplay nigga
This me for all consumers, my nigga FUCK the rumors
Three in the worst way of pure coke for all you DRUG ABUSERS

C'mon, yo, throw your hands, c'mon
Bitch grab your tits, c'mon
Let me know you in the spot
Bump your fists, c'mon
Thugs tote yo' shit
We bout to get mo' rich, c'mon
Let's blow the club, c'mon
Fuck the place up, c'mon
Shake yo' nasty ass
And make it swing all around, c'mon
Yo, make this money
Throw yo' loot on the ground, c'mon
Bounce in your whips, c'mon
Bitch lick yo' lips, c'mon
Dangerous MC's
My nigga this be the shit, c'mon7Embed
Beeotch!
Talk about these hoes, Big...

I got a bitch that suck my dick 'til I nut
Spit it on my gut and slurp that shit back up
Ain't that a slut (HELL YEA) she even take it in the butt
Fuck for 'bout a hour, now she want a golden shower
You didn't know that we be pissin' on hoes, bitch (BEOTCH)
Luke and Biggie straight shittin on hoes, bitch (BEOTCH)
Lick your toes, bitch? (BEOTCH) Fuck no, you must be crazy
Squirt in your face and then I'm Swayze (Bitch)
Recognize G, straight up, I can't knock y'all
After Big Poppa, fuck all of Junior M.A.F.I.A
The whole clique, dick sucked, ass licked
Leave your number by the phone, bring yo' ass on home
I roam in Lexuses and Benzes, the fly way
With the flyest bitch gettin' head on the highway (Ridin')
My way deep throat on Luke's boat
When the moon rises, I'm cumin' in her eyes-es (Do it)
Just the way players play
Leave it up to me, I get fucked all day (Yeah)
Sucked all day, smokin' blunts, countin' cheese
Fucking bitches 'til they assholes bleed
What you say, ba-by
You might also like
All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
Check it out, here's another one
All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
(Don't take 'em to the crib unless they bonin')

Uhh... uhh...
Biggie bag bitches from barbecues to Bar Mitzvahs
The dick don't fit, use your lips 'cause... (Use 'em)
I'm feelin' kinda itchy for a quickie
Don't take off your coat, all you got to do is lick me
Me eat you, I beat you, then greet you to the door, bitch
'Cause I don't love you no more
Which one of these hoes in the lobby wanna slob me?
You know me, I like my dick, Brown like Bobby
In the dook shoot, then the bitch get the boot
Unless she lick ass and blow dicks like flutes
I like 'em cute, round tits and fat asses
Educated, so I can bust off on they glasses
I wanna cum on your tongue and gums, all night
The bitch drink nuts by the pint

Drink it, bitch!
All of these hoes do that shit
All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
Check it out, here's another one
All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
(Don't take 'em to the crib unless they bonin')

It's after midnight, it's time to come up
Fuckin' with some sluts tryin' to bust a nut
I ain't seen this many hoes in a long time
I wanna make 'em all mine (Get down, ho)
But it's gettin' kinda late, and I can't wait
Bitch, fuck a first date
I pulled out my dick, she called me rude...
...but then she ate it like food (Tramp)
Then she noticed the limp and the whip
Recognize game, you've been pimped by a pimp
Throw all that trick shit, out the window
You come up short tryin' to doubt the pimp, ho
Too $hort baby, straight from Oakland
Ho money is my fix and I can't be broken
Freak bitches all on my dick
We on some Brooklyn - Oakland, California shit (Beotch!)

All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
Check it out, here's another one
All I want is hoes, big booty hoes
(Don't take 'em to the crib unless they bonin')
You knew I was a dog when you met me, bitch (BITCH)
Ha ha, fo' sho' (YEAHH)
Tell you anything you wanna hear right about now
To the spot, that's where we goin' baby
See we goin' to the spot
Do our thang like we always do
You ain't know?3Embed
Motherfucka was amped (Uh huh)
The nigga was motherfuckin hyped up (Right?)
The nigga just grabbed the nigga, snuffed the nigga
And it was on from there
The motherfucker there wasn't nuttin stoppin him
(What what did the rest of his niggas do?)
Man the motherfuckers was just ready for anything
Them niggas was packin burners
Them niggas was ready to fight (Oh shit)
Whatever we had to do holmes (Uh huh)
Niggas was on the real flipmo' holmes (Uh huh)
It was just comin out like a motherfucker (Right)
The nigga amped be like come on
COME ON MOTHERFUCKER!!!

Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
You might also like
Let's go deep into the phrase, feel the sun rays
Off the forehead, everything is real
Biggie put me on this joint, so I'ma be the big wheel
Watch it spin, hey dad, placed your bet on seven
Peace to 106, 108, 110 and 111th
Hey Biggie, I understand you're from Brooklyn
With .22s in your shoes, yo, keep this joint cooking

Well, why not blow up the spot with Sadat?
Release the brainstorm to make your motherfucking brain warm
A strange form, something kind of lyrical
Biggie the bastard, Sadat's kind of spiritual
Well, in God we trust, guns I bust
Got that disgusting, sewer-style dumping
And, uh, do you know where you're going to?
Do you like the things that I bring?
Make an MC wanna sing for a living
Take the beatdown we fucking giving
C'mon, motherfucker!

Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
What? Niggas want drama, putting work on my block
When I told y'all last week that shit was too hot
Selling deuces and treys cuts my dimes
Somebody don't get paid, somebody's block get sprayed
Reaction is delayed as ya run down the block
Caught one in your chest, your breath come in spurts
Hey yo, Biggie, tell these niggas I'ma hit 'em where it hurts
The Big City, it don't spare no bodies
Call me papi chulo, to all the Spanish mamis
I'm about ten blunts down, drank three or four stouts
Seen five fat asses, passed this bitch with glasses
Hey, your money, that's your stock, yo bitch, pass the Glock
I'ma tell them, "It can happen, don't play me with that rap shit"
Life is real, so Biggie take the steel

Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
I got seven Mac-11's, about eight .38's
Nine 9's, ten Mac-10's the shits never end
You can't touch my riches
Even if you had MC Hammer and them 357 bitches
Biggie Smalls, the millionaire, the mansion, the yacht
The two weed spots, the two hot Glocks
Huh, that's how I got the weed spot
I shot dread in the head, took the bread and the lamb spread
Lil' Gotti got the shotty to your body
So don't resist or you might miss Christmas
I tote guns, I make number runs
I give MCs the runs dripping
When I throw my clip in the AK, I slay from far away
Everybody hit the D-E-C-K
My slow flows remarkable, peace to Mateo
Now we smoke weed like Tony Montana sniff the yayo
That's crazy blunts, mad L's
My voice excels from the avenue to jail cells
Oh my God I'm dropping shit like a pigeon
I hope you're listening, smacking babies at they christening
So you better grab your pistol
'Cause if you sit still, I'm gonna make your fucking shit spill
And I'm talking 'bout buckets, why did I have to do it?
Sadat said fuck it, you got a gun, nigga bust it
'Cause I got mo' shots to pop ya
Big Poppa, breaking you off something proper
Signing off is the hardcore rap singer
AKA crack slinger, bring it any time nigga

Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on
Come on, motherfuckers, come on21Embed
To all my Brooklyn (Niggas!)
To all my Uptown (Niggas!)
To all my Bronx (Niggas!)
To all my Queensbridge (Niggas!)
(Nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga!)

Back up chump, you know Biggie Smalls rips it quick
And kicks it quick; you know how black niggas get
With the hoods, fatigues with the boots with trees
Smokin weed, flippin ki's, making crazy G's
Hitting buckshots at niggas that open spots
On the avenue--take my loot, and I'm bagging you
Pimping hoes that drive Volvos and Rodeos
Flash the roll, make her wet in her pantyhose
Damn, a nigga's style is unorthodox
Grip the Glock, when I walk down the crowded blocks
Just in case a nigga want to act out
I just black out, and blow they motherfucking back out
That's a real nigga for ya

To all my Brooklyn (Niggas!)
To all my Uptown (Niggas!)
To all my Bronx (Niggas!)
To all my Queensbridge (Niggas!)
(Nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga!)
You might also like
When we smoke spliffs, we pack four-fifths
Just in case Dread want to riff
He get a free lift to the cemetery, rough very
Not your ordinary: we watch you get buried
That's a real nigga for ya
Get mad, do a quarter, flip the script, and rip your lawyer
Spit at the DA, cause fuck what she say
She don't give a fuck about your ass anyway
Up north, bound first stop for the town
Of Fishkill, where the hand skills are real ill
You'll be a super Hoover doo-doo stain remover
Ha-Hah! Yo G, pass the buddha

To all my Brooklyn (Niggas!)
To all my Uptown (Niggas!)
To all my Bronx (Niggas!)
To all my Queensbridge (Niggas!)
(Nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga!)

To all my Brooklyn (Niggas!)
To all my Uptown (Niggas!)
To all my Bronx (Niggas!)
To all my Queensbridge (Niggas!)
(Nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga!)
Money, hoes, and clothes
Blunt smoke coming out the nose, is all a nigga knows
Flipping on foes, putting tags on toes
Watching the stash grow, clocking the cashflow
The neighborhood gravedigger
Getting paid so much, all the bitches want to see a nigga
I guess they figure I'm paid, I want to get laid
Or since I got loot, I want to knock boots
I'd rather beat my dick than trick
And if she don't suck, then we don't fuck
I'd rather make a buck, drive a fat-ass truck
Grab the 9, two clips, and run amuck
Yes, flex after two or three Becks
As I wreck shit, what the fuck you expected?
A fly guy? Well fuck it, I'm the high guy
From Bed-Stuy, putting the swelling on your eye
And your nose even; when I choke ya, you stop breathing
And when Jake come, I'm leaving

To all my Brooklyn (Niggas!)
To all my Uptown (Niggas!)
To all my Bronx (Niggas!)
To all my Queensbridge (Niggas!)
(Nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga!)
To all my Brooklyn (Niggas!)
To all my Uptown (Niggas!)
To all my Bronx (Niggas!)
To all my Queensbridge (Niggas!)
(Nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga!)
To all my Brooklyn (Niggas!)
To all my Uptown (Niggas!)
To all my Bronx (Niggas!)
To all my Queensbridge (Niggas!)
(Nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga!)
To all my Brooklyn (Niggas!)
To all my Uptown (Niggas!)
To all my Bronx (Niggas!)
To all my Queensbridge (Niggas!)
(Nigga, nigga, nigga, nigga!)

The hotel guest you have called is unavailable
You may leave a private recorded message at the tone or press zero and a hotel operator will assist you
You may start your message now, press zero to return to the attendant

Ayo B.I.G., what's up, man? It's $hort, man
Heard you in Miami, boy, give me a call
I got some, bitches, man; I got eight bitches
I got some chronic, I got the keys to Luke's crib, nigga That nigga ain't gonna be here for two weeks
Hit me up, dude; hit me up
It's $hort, man; it's Short
Holla at me, a'ight6Embed
Yo, check it, Call Lil' Cease
Tell that muh'fucker to bring me some muh'fuckin weed for this hospital
(No-no-notorious)
Man fuck that
Tell that reporter to go pick up ten thousand from Dez
And go take about like twenty G's from Gino
(No-no-notorious)
Tell that muh'fucker get this nigga next door up out of here
Nigga be snorin all night I can't sleep (hehe)
(No-no-notorious)
Call that big butt nurse with the long hair to come suck my dick
(Bad Boy Big, c'mon)

The doctor said I need about three weeks of recovery
But the nurses is lovin me
Sayin the best part of the day is my half
Feedin me breakfast, and givin me a sponge bath
(Notorious) Niggas say I died dead in the streets
Nigga I'm gettin high, gettin head on the beach
Chillin, sittin on about half a million
With all my niggas, all my guns, all my women
Next two years, I should see about a billion
All for the love of drug dealin
Got no love for the other side, fuck them tricks (fuck them)
Any repercussion, Junior M.A.F.I.A. spit clips (that's right)
All the time, Big Poppa kick the war rhymes
Raw flows, and that's how it goes
You might also like
NOTORIOUS!
C'mon.. we are, we are
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
He is.. he is..
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!

This for my niggas slingin thangs, had my ring encaged
Truck, necklace, igloo ring and things
For the bitches, who see them rims spin and grin
That shit with the V-trim that win
And the enormous fields disperse of rap
On the road to the riches more furs to drag
More niggas to kill, than birds to bag
Hit the jeweler and splurge the tab, uh
Hops, out the truck like, "Trick, what up?"
Call me Sean if you suck, call me gone when I nut (come on)
That's the end of us, get your friend to fuck
Untwist and bend her up, you know the deal (No-no-notorious)
Niggas talkin real greasy on some ballin shit (that's right)
Funny how quick these pricks forget
Actin like I ain't the reason they traded they shit
Switched that 5, copped that 6 (that's right)
It's all good, you know who the clone is
Fuck the Joneses, niggas tryin to keep up with the Combses
NOTORIOUS!
C'mon y'all..
NOTORIOUS!
We are, we are .. (what's his name)
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
He is, he is.. (c'mon, what's his name?)
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!

Who that queen bitch, keep her glass filled to the rim?
The Notorious K-I to the M (Notorious)
That's me, on MTV, no doubt
Titty out like what - I don't give a fuck!
Y'all know my attitude, can't stand my cologne
Then stay your ass home, you and your chaperone
(Notorious) Things done changed, but we continue to reign
As the King and the Queen of hip-hop, me and B.I
Frank White still listen to all the (a)'ttention
I'm by his side, with the chrome fifth, playin my position (Notorious) Sexy, young thing, from the ghetto
That bitch rockin mics in high heel stilletos
We takin over like Francis
Switchin our styles like the hottest new dances
See, I let y'all live to stack a LITTLE paper
Be glad I pushed my album back, I did y'all hoes a favor!
(Notorious)
She did you a favor, c'mon now, yeah
NOTORIOUS!
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
He is, he is.. (c'mon, what's his name?)
Bad Boy baby, D.R. c'mon
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
We are, we are ..
Queen Bee baby, we are, c'mon
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
He is, he is.. (B.I.G. baby, he is c'mon)
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
We are, we are ..
Bad Boy 2000
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
B.I.G. Born Again (he is.. he is..)
And he won't stop
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
Cause he can't stop, yeah, uh-huh
We are, we are.. (Brooklyn baby)
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
He is, he is..
NO, NO, NO, NOTORIOUS!
We are...7Embed
Yeah
Bad Boy
Cash Money
2000, baby!

Check the pain I inflict, like a convict, the Fulton digger
Jump in the Acura Vigor, after I stick ya
Rip ya like a razor, straight up Henny with no chaser
Watch me erase ya, misplace ya
Put you in the back with the derelicts
Yeah, I pop plenty shit
Chump, I'm making hits
No time for the crack rock and shit
Took it to another level
Now I'm getting crazy papes, getting paid from the devils
Another amateur trying to damage the pedigree
Of the B-I-G-G-I-E, you know it's me
Hoes, I thought you know I'm smooth as a baby's ass
Smooth as Teddy Pendegrass, smoke the grass, get in your ass
The Brooklyn-born Teflon Don, wrecking shop
Getting props, proving nobody drops
Words as potent as the blunt smoking Bed-Stuy bandit
And niggas just can't understand it
I bust a cap for the brothers in Nap Nap, Comstock, and Clinton
You know my shit is hitting
Yeah, ya'll, a fly nigga, Biggie Smalls
Kicking flavor, make a nigga wanna dig up in their drawers
For the burner, catch a body
I got styles like karate
Jujitsu, when I hit you then I split you
Like a cantaloupe
Hope you got a rope to hang yourself
I rob for self; from Brooklyn, where else?
Fat like a Lexus coupe, I ripped your troop
Not even Lois Lane could get the scoop
What you think, I'm stupid?
My crew is mad deep
I hope you niggas sleep
You might also like
I throw a bomb through your window
Burn you up and your ho
I catch your mama going to therapy and cut her throat
Your little sister walking home from school
I abduct her, then I fuck her
I hit your park close up with the Louisville Slugger
B.G.-zy is the hustler, ignorant motherfucker
I was taught how to bust heads by the best head-busters
Cluckers, you know I got 'em, two for one, my nigga
I'm on V.L. if you want me, get some my nigga, come on

Thugging is my thing; if I'm beefing, I'm banging
Slanging, it's in my nature, gotta be about my paper
Haters, I don't like 'em; bitches, I don't trust 'em
Niggas, I can't stand 'em, I creep down and pluck 'em
Strap stay in my hand, I gotta protect mine
Niggas trying to pull it off, "pop," goes the nine
That's how it got to be in these uptown streets
And a nigga like me, I play the game for keeps

I remember when niggas slang heroin up in balloons
I paid attention to everything, from killings to cartoons
Got a picture of Malcolm X on the wall in my room, bitch
Want some old nigga? Fuck with me, I'mma do 'em, shit
Nigga give me dope, I accept it, but don't respect him
Put my foot in their rectum right after I dome checked 'em
I be popping D, smoking weed, and full of that Hennesey
Fresh off the streets on my way to the penitentiary
Everybody whisper in ears when they gonna mention me
I been out doing it for years--since elementary
Real good relationship with guns and drugs
Because my whole neighborhood consists of crook and thugs
Everything is my own shit cause I don't fuck with scrubs
I don't need you harassing me when I'm up in the club
Trying to hustle a nigga, asking me for a dub
Quarter, ki's, and halfs is what I sling, cause that's what I love
I know you bitches know that I ain't to be played with
Dont have no picks and chooses who get they head split
They die quick, fucking with Turk, wodie get whacked
Spend a bin with Kevin and Randy leave ya flat on you back
And trust that, ain't bout to let no nigga steal me
Fuck that, I bust back with a .223
Big and full of that raw with no cut and be ready to creep
Innocent people move cause somebody fixing to get split

Na, Na, it's iceberg shorty, Lordy have mercy
Come from under my shirts and flip'em and reverse'em
I'm coming so alert them
(Ur, Ur) fore I hurt them, desert eagle bursting
You haven't seen the worst and
I'm right near you and my gun blast quick, dog
Could kill you so run, dash, get gone
Wodies movin slow around this time they got bricks dog
I ain't got bricks dog, nigga break it off, what

Un huh, B.I.G. with the Cash Money Millionaires, forever
Juvenile, Lil' Wayne, Baby, Turk, B.G., Manny Fresh
Slim, CEO, and me P. Diddy, B.I.G, Born Again
And we won't stop, get money niggas3Embed
"Well it's the Funk Docta Spock.."
"Meth-Tical.."
"Biggie.. Biggie.." (mmmhmmmmmm)

Uhh.. uhh.. uhh.. (yo c'mon Big) uhh..
Fuck that, I preach it, my nine reaches
The prestigious, cats that speak this, Willie shit
Flooded pieces, my hand releases, snatches
Smack ya cabbage, half-ass rappers, shouldn't have it
So I grab it, never run, the outcome
Is usually, a beatdown brutally, fuck who you be
Or where you're from, West or East Coast, squeeze toast
Leave most in the blood they layin in, what, what?
The rings and things you sing about, bring 'em out
It's hard to yell when the barrel's in your mouth
It's more than I expected, I thought your jewels was rented
But they wasn't, so run it, cousin
I could chill, the heat doesn't
Ran up in your shell about a dozen, you never see bank like Frank White
Your hand clutchin, your chest-plate contemplate
You 'bout to die, nigga wait, keep yo' hands high

Yo.. yo yo
I don't brown nose out of town hoes
I'm up around fo' with the crowbar to the five point oh
I get bagged, I'm John Doe, suspect
You ass like prime roastin, Calvin Klein clothes
Explode the pyros when Doc guest appear
I'm out there, I bought it with George Jetson here
Your time is near, so get your body dropped off
I stopped trusting niggas since Gotti got caught
It's Bricks, keep your wrist covered, I'm piss colored
By the waist got a gun as dark as Kris brother
I.C.U., my sheisty crew, like ice me too
I break your legs, leave your eyes slightly blue
The Doc was born with a grenade palm
I'm concurrent in your hood like a, teenage mom
Yo Biggie (what? what?) She havin my bay-bayy
If I pull out the A.K., keep your hands high
You might also like
This rule is so underrated
Actin as if it can't happen, you're frontin'
Ain't no other kings in this rap thing
Biggie, a motherfuckin' rap phenomenon
This rule is so underrated
Actin as if it can't happen, you're frontin'
Ain't no other kings in this rap thing
Biggie, a motherfuckin' rap phenomenon
Uhh, uhh
I got a new mouth to feed, I'm due South with keys
Y'all pick seeds out y'all weed, I watch cowards bleed
Motherfucker please, it's my block with my rocks
Fuck that hip-hop, them one-two's, and you don't stops
Me and my nigga Lance, took Kim and Cease advance
Bought ten bricks, four pounds of weed plants
From Branson, now we lampin, twelve room mansion
Bitches get naked off "Get Money", "Player's Anthem"
Don't forget, "One More Chance" and my other hits, other shit
Niggas spit be counterfeit, robbery come naturally
In and out like fuckin rapidly, pass the gat to me
Make his chest rest, where his back should be, talkin' blasphemy
Blastin me, your family, rest in coffins often
Frank Wizzah, far from soft or fragilla
Play hard like Reggie Miller, rapper, slash dope dealer
Slash guerilla, slash illest turned iller
Now now
Don't approach me with that rah rah shit, you out of pocket
I take these adolescents back to Spofford
Mentally, my energy, is like a figure eight, on it's side, that's infinity
Too many sick niggas, nickel nines bring the remedy
When you play the field, what's the penalty?
Unnecessary roughness, career endin' injuries for suckers
Stuck on stupid, shoot 'em with a dart like Cupid
Until they got love for my music
Star Wars, I'm Han Solo, with three egos
And three charges, I got to "See-three-P.O.'s"
This is whoop-yo'-ass-day, the sequel
High bar flow-er with no equal
Niggas swingin' swords in the WAR, that's my people
Sho' nuff, before I roll up, this is a hold up
Hands high, reach for the sky
I rep S.I., the unpretty, word to Left Eye
New York Shitty, put they weight on it
And who better for the job than Biggie?
The Notorious, Jeee-zus, unbelievable rhyme that reaches
And touch individual, small frame buck and change
MC, What's-Your-Name, tuck your chain
All about the fortune, fuck the fame, labels still extortin'
Kick me when I'm down, but I'm up again, scorchin'
Hot — forcin' my way up in the door
To kill the bullshit like a matador
Keep your hands high (what?)5Embed
Wooo! There's gonna be a lot of punchin' in this motherfucker!
Y'all better be swift with that punch button, Jack!
Biggie! - Biggie!

I know how it feel to wake up fucked up
Pockets broke as hell, another rock to sell
People look at you like youse the user
Selling drugs to all the losers, mad buddha abuser
But they don't know about your stress-filled day
Baby on the way mad bills to pay
That's why you drink Tanqueray; so you can reminisce
And wish, you wasn't livin so devilish, ssshit
I remember I was just like you
Smokin blunts with my crew, flippin over 62's
Cause G-E-D wasn't B-I-G
I had to get P-A-I-D that's why my mom's hate me
She was forced to kick me out, no doubt
Then I figured out licks went for twenty down South
Packed up my tools for my raw power move
Glock nineteen for casket and flower moves
For chumps tryin' to stop my flow
And what they don't know will show on the autopsy
Went to see Papi to cop me a brick
Asked for some consignment, he wasn't tryin' to hear it
Smoking mad Newports 'cause I'm due in court
For an assault that I caught in Bridgeport, New York
Catch me if you can like the Gingerbread Man
You better have your gat in hand cause man
You might also like
Come and run with me - I really wanna show you
How I run the streets - I really wanna show you
How I'm clockin' G's - I really wanna show you
Come and run with me - I really wanna show you

I had the master plan
I'm in the caravan on my way to Maryland
With my man Two-Tecs to take over this projects
They call him Two-Tecs, he tote two TECs
And when he start to bust, he like to ask: "Who's next?"
I got my honey on the Amtrak
With the crack in the crack of her ass
Two pounds of hash in the stash
I wait for hon to make some quick cash
I told her she could be Lieutenant
Bitch got gassed
At last, I'm literally loungin' black
Sittin' back, countin' double digit thousand stacks
Had to re-up; see what's up with my peeps
Toyota Deal-a-Thon had it cheap on the Jeeps
See who got smoked, what rumors was spread
Last I heard I was dead with six to the head
Then I got the phone call, it couldn't hit me harder
We got infiltrated like Nino at the Carter
Heard Tec got murdered in a town I never heard of
By some bitch named Alberta over nickel-plated burners
And my bitch swear to God she won't snitch
I told her when she hit the bricks, I'll make the hooker rich
Conspiracy - She'll be home in three
Until then I looks out for the whole family
A true G, that's me! Blowing like a bubble;
In the everyday struggle
Come and run with me - I really wanna show you
How I run the streets - I really wanna show you
How I'm clockin' G's - I really wanna show you
Come and run with me - I really wanna show you

I'm seeing body after body and our mayor Giuliani
Ain't tryin' to see no black man turn to John Gotti

Guns and diamonds
Bitches put they tongues where the sun ain't shinin'
Take keys 'til they spot us, snakes flee with consignment
This kid he got his crib raided, police found grams
They locked up, his whole fam; moms, sister, his old man
Nigga bailed his moms out, then he told on his man
Now they home, actin like nuttin wrong, hustlin again
He tried to be the next Frank White, and Escobar
Pickin' up coke a fiend holds it in a separate car
Cooks it up til it's bright white, cut it tight right
Then he slings it to the fiends, lookin like Fright Night
Coppin the motorbikes, the scooters, countin dough on computers
High technology dealers, to the users and losers
Half-leg DiDi, try to swap drug for TV's
Stores run out of baking soda from BK to QB
My niggas die for the cause, .45 on the drawer
City laws made by Big Nas and Biggie Smalls
Bitches, holdin' my weight in they titties and bras
My bitches out of state get busy while they pushin' my cars
Callin' me up, callin' me baller, call for they cut
Pretty hoes bring me my cash, swallow all of this nut
Seats on the Bent' say Nasty, push the dash
For the stash box is where the cash be; watchin' for task force
Cause I know they comin' but I'm reachin' my goal
Fuck bummin, I'm makin' sure I leave this whole game wit somethin
Crib in West Palms for my dime, crib for my moms
Ridiculous, you lookin at the next Nicholas Barnes, baby
6Embed
Huh?
Cease-a-Lee'
Doggystyle.. YEAH!
B.I.G
Uhh.. to all the ladies in the house!
Where they at?
Uhh, uhh, check it out
C'mon Big

Another day in the ghetto
One look outside I'm already upset yo
It look about a hundred-and-two
It's a Saturday and Biggie ain't got nothing to do
Uhh, I'm interrupted by a phone ring {*Brrrrring*}
Sometimes I wish I never got the motherfucking thing
"Hello hello? Can I speak to Biggie?"
Yo, who dis? "Taisha" Yo call back, I'm busy
Why don't ya hit me on the box a little later
Washed up, got dressed, hits the elevator
Steps out it's the same old scene
Dope fiend, crack fiend, eyewitness news team
I seen a honey with a butt looking butter soft
I know she looks much better with them clothes up off
Sitting all thick, with the ruby red lipstick {*SMACK*}
That's the one I gotta get with
You might also like
Can I get witcha, can I get witcha
Can I get witcha, can I get witcha
"Why you wanna get with me?"
'Cause you got a big B-U-T, T, see
Can I get witcha, can I get witcha
Can I get witcha, can I get witcha
"Why you wanna get with me?"
'Cause you got a big B-U-T, T

She said "If I get with you
I gotta get witcha whole hood rat crew, whatcha I think I do?
Sling skins for a living,my name ain't November
This ain't Thanksgiving, you ain't Michael Bivins
Mack it up, flip it, rub it down
Do me baby, I ain't down
My name ain't 2Pac I don't "Get Around"
You hitting this nigga, how that sound?"
Huh, first of all you got me mixed up with
Somebody ya done slept with, hold up
That's my Neneh Cherry shit, I got something slicker
Let me just sip up on this liquor
All I wanna do is smoke a little chronic
Slam ya like Onyx, and get ya hooked on
This Biggie Smalls phonics, 102
How to squeeze 22's in them Reebok shoes, HUH?
Can I get witcha (Can I get witcha)
Can I get witcha (Can I get witcha)
Can I get witcha..
'Cause I got a big B-U-T, T, see
Can I get witcha (Can I get witcha)
Can I get witcha (Can I get witcha)
"Why you wanna get with me?"
'Cause you got a big B-U-T, T

I said walk me upstairs, cause I forgot my Phillies
She said "I don't care, so don't be acting silly"
I knew I had her trapped with my hardcore raps
And it wouldn't take a second before I had her on her back
Pulling back the bra straps, threw on my Silk CD
'Cause, "I wanna get freaky with you"
Lose control on the skins is all I can picture, now I'm about to hit you

Can I get witcha (Can I get witcha)
Can I get witcha (Can I get witcha)
"Why you wanna get with me?"
'Cause you got a big B-U-T, T

To all my hoes, respect due
Tamika sorry I left you
Michelle I'm glad I met you
You make the head feel special
Now I know it's official
That I can touch and tease you
Pull up my pants and diss you
And hit the door you came through
It's Cease-a-Lee, a.k.a. Mista Nasty
Germany style, these hoes they blast me
One of the chickenhead with sex appeal pass me
That's her hands, ankles, feet they ashy
I like the flashy type, who pass with dykes
With long hair, and they ass be right
I get up on that ass, see what that be like
I fuck a bitch good, if she ask me right, huh
Can I get witcha, can I get witcha
Can I get witcha, can I get witcha
"Why you wanna get with me?"
'Cause you got a big B-U-T, T, see
Can I get witcha, can I get witcha
Can I get witcha, can I get witcha
"Why you wanna get with me?"
'Cause you got a big B-U-T, T2Embed
(Yo, check this out, yeah motherfuckers)
(Come on motherfuckers, B.I.G. motherfuckers)
Too much smoke in here man
Open a fucking window
What the fuck man
Yo yo yo yo yo

I make your mouthpiece obese like Della Reese
When I release, you lose teeth like Lil' Cease
Nigga please, blood floods your Dungarees
And that's just the half of my warpath
Laugh now, cry later, I rhyme greater
Than the average player hater and spectators
Buy my CD twice, they see me in the streets
They be like, "Yo he nice, but that's on the low though"
Be the cats with no dough, tried to play me at my show
I pull out fo'-fo's and go up in they clothes
Short-change niggas, snort-'caine niggas
Extortion came quicker, bought the Range, nigga
Ya still tickle me, I used to be as strong as Ripple be
'Til Lil' Cease crippled me
Now I play hard, like my girl's nipples be
The game sour like a pickle be, y'all know the rules
Move from BK to New Jeruz; thinking 'bout
All the planes we flew, bitches we ran through
Now the year's new, I lay my game flat
I want my spot back--take two
Motherfuckers mad 'cause I blew, niggas envious
Too many niggas on my dick, shit strenuous
When my men bust, you just move with such stamina
Slugs missed ya; I ain't mad at 'cha
Blood rushin', concussions ain't nothin'
Catch cases, come out fronting, smoking something
Sippin' White Russians, bitch in the Benz bumpin'
I laced it with the basic, six TV's a system
Knocking Mase shit; face it, we hard to hit
Guard your shit, 'fore I stick you for your re-up
Wipe the pee up, lick shots, woke your seed up
Go in the ashtray, spark the weed up, long kiss
You might also like
Y'all can't see this
That this might be the night
This might be the night, that's right, that's right
This might be the night (Kiss your ass goodbye)

Niggas playing they hands wrong, that's why they won't last long
Finessed what I was dealt with from the day I was born
While you bent up on that corner, niggas plotting and scheming
Up in them little holes, be creeping with Mac demons
Niggas know not to fuck with my dough
Niggas know not to fuck with this little bro, I'm 10 seconds hit'n'go
Black mask, black truck, chrome rims, Chuk' Timbs
Enough to confuse any witness
Strongest of calibers, is what we only travel with
You gotta get hit, your man dead, so you got a hand in it
Extort y'all, once friends, now we gotta cross y'all
You know the niggas with the biggest balls set the new laws
And flip fours, have 'em washing drawers while you up North
Gat to your jugular, getting your salad tossed
Overhearing niggas situations, singing like Lou Rawls
Sitting on the stand with no remorse

Y'all can't see this
That this might be the night
This might be the night, that's right, that's right
This might be the night (Kiss your ass goodbye)
Yo, yo, how we do niggas, I don't beef, I shoot niggas
If I can't get the main character, a few niggas then
I don't need no gin to boost me
I got enough steam to blow, somebody gotta go
I got fire in my heart, guns in my car
Cash in my Carhartts, it ain't hard to get 'em
Like blaow when I hit 'em, the nigga shit his drawers
When the 40-pound hit him, the fuck these niggas thought?
Could it be the fame, maybe it's the 2 Benz or
Would it be the same if I couldn't claim those?
Fuckin' put holes through your Range Rove'
Cocksucker, beat it, while you bleedin' on the dashboard
Niggas get, what they hand call for, I'm gettin' rich
You get deaded, I get erections over revenge, kid
You get a quiet spot in the shade for a grave
I'll lay a nigga down and steam roll away...

Y'all can't see this
That this might be the night
This might be the night, that's right, that's right
This might be the night (Kiss your ass goodbye)
4Embed
A Big Pun and B.I.G. collabo
That shit would've been incredible

Aye you know what I'm sayin', it was destined to happen
We have our day, you know?
I see him, I see him, I see him at the pearly gates, yaknahmean?
We keep it, keep it, keep it goin' from there

Uhh, I drink filthy
My moms and pops mixed me with Jamaican Rum and Whiskey
Huh, what a set up
Shoulda pushed 'em dead off, wipe the sweat off
Uhh, 'cause in this world I'm dead off, squeeze lead off
Benz sped off, ain't no shook hands in Brook-land
Army fatigue break up teams, the enemies
Look man, you wanna see me locked up, shot up
Moms crotched up over the casket, screamin' "BASTARD!"
Cryin', know my friends is lyin'
Y'all know who killed 'em filled 'em with the lugars from they Rugers
Or they Desert, dyin' ain't the shit but it's pleasant
Kinda quiet, watch my niggas bring the riot
Giving cats the opposite of diets
You gain thirty pounds when you die no lie, lazy eye
I was high when they hit me, took a few cats with me
Shit, I need the company (uh-huh)
Apologies in order, to T'Yanna my daughter
If it was up to me you would be with me, sorta like
Daddy Dearest, my vision be the clearest
Silencers so you can't hear it
Competition still fear it, shit don't ask me
I went from ashy to nasty to classy, and still
You might also like
Nigga still gotta get his grind on
Come get introduced to my home
I grew up in the crime zone
Soon as you grown, you on your own, you keep your strap
You keep your chrome 'cause the streets is chilly
Now get your grind on
Come get introduced to my home
A nigga grew up in the pro-jects, end up gettin' mo' stressed
Mo' money, mo' drama you know a nigga keep his armor
'Cause the streets are killin'
Now get your grind on
Come get introduced to my home

Yo, yo
The penalty is death, especially when I'm mentally stressed
My enemies hang with me 'til I eventually flip
I never reject an offer to battle
Slap a coffin on the saddle
And rattle like a wooden horse to el barrio
Niggas talk but they babble 'cause they ain't sayin' nuttin'
If ain't blazin somethin' with the MAC, I'm in the shack bakin' muffins
Fake the funk and get your rump roast
One dose of the toast'll make you jump if you come close
Pun spoke, ain't no more debatin'; my Squad been waitin'
For the perfect time to give you what you all been waitin'
An orgi-nation of veterans built
With genuine skills to pay the heat, gas, and the rest of the bills
Invest in the real, don't get left in the hills
My TEC and my steel turn your whole crew into vega-ta-bles
We blessed with the will to never surrender
'Cause my every agenda's in and out
Unseen like I entered the ninja, it's my world
Nigga still gotta get his grind on
Come get introduced to my home
I grew up in the crime zone
Soon as you grown, you on your own, you keep your strap
You keep your chrome 'cause the streets is chilly
Now get your grind on
Come get introduced to my home
A nigga grew up in the pro-jects, end up gettin' mo' stressed
Mo' money, mo' drama you know a nigga keep his armor
'Cause the streets are killin'
Now get your grind on

I got that new F-N, call it that faggot nigga gun
Couple of hollow tips make you faggot niggas run
Crack pull up, everybody clear out
Anybody pumpin' that rock is gettin' aired out
I'm in that caddy with my bitch in the pack
Your mommy got a body but she itchin' to clap
And I know you pitchin' purple but we switchin' the packs
Listen, don't make me hurt you I'm just givin' the facts
On that I 9-5 swervin' to a town near you
My niggas watch out for that Black Suburbans
And no it's not the Feds, man papi's home
And papi got it good, he could put you on
Listen, I done made abandoned blocks look hot
Nine to ten Benzes, a couple of drops
Couple of rubber bands from the corrupt cops
Just to see my niggas eat and shit and huggin' the blocks
Crack a chastise 'em, right besides 'em
In front of a hundred million viewers, shouldn't surprise 'em
We from the Bronx where the may-ors lift up
And niggas get shot in broad day 'cause we don't give a...
Fuck, little niggas on bike and just shoot you
All for a pair of some Nikes, the shit's brutal
I done seen fiends O.D., shot the wrong pack
Then they call the shit the bomb smack
Word to Crack, the God body, the hard body, the realest ever
The John Gotti, this rap shit, will it kill me? Never
This goes out to cats (stupid), fingers in they ass again
Fifty dollar half-a-men, daydreamin'
Fuck around get wet like semen, your whole team-and
Be Mor-gan than Freeman
I took the cream and, moved to new places new faces
Fuck the screwfaces, 'cause when I flip
I make the papers, dangerous, we Goodfellas
Niggas can't bang with us, try to do me
My crew be unruly (what)
Some old school cats that call gats toolies
Call blacks moolies, think it's cool to smoke woolies
And fuck without rubbers (what), specialize
In killin' wives and grandmothers, who ya trustin', shit
When Frank start bustin', Frank start somethin'
Killin' ya gently, God meant me, to push a Bentley
Me and Sean Combs takin' broads home
On the phone with the chip, with these Cristal chicks
'Bout to make our own porno flicks, my life's the shit...Embed
Hey what it is pimpin
Slim Thug and T.I.P. doing it B.I.G with B.I.G (yea a ye yeaah..)
Ya understand what I'm saying (hey..)
P.S.C. pimpin!
Y'all already know what it is man, its a bad boy thing man
Grand hustle collaboration, Y'all already know man
Boss Hog whats happening (hey..)
A-Town pimpin!

Slim Thugga!
I roll strapped Glock 40 in my lap
I rap but still think like I'm grinding in the trap
Trying to adapt to the change from the streets to the game
Can't be selling CD's and still selling dem thangs
Cause snitches drop names and bring alot of problems
And putting somthing in they head the only way you gonna solve em'
Jackas stay plotting watching your every move
And the minute you snooze will be the minute you lose, dude
Thats the rules so I cruise with the tools
To fix the damn fools that think I'm slipping with my jewels
Breakin old habits so hard to do
Thats why you see me on the same block with the same crew
And everybody sitting fat living good
And I'm the only nigga that be rapping in my hood
I was raised by the hustlas, and ganged by the G's
And taught by the bosses how to stack that cheese
You might also like
You got rich and G shit is still a part of you
Cause breakin old habits so hard to do
You still watch for the haters and the robbing crew
Cause breakin old habits so hard to do
When on shot that nigga like I started to
Cause breakin old habits so hard to do
Fresh out the dealership crackin open cigars in the coupe
Man cause breakin old habits so hard to do

Damn it feel good to see people up on it
Flipped two keys in two weeks and didn't flaunt it
My brain is haunted, with mean dreams
GS's with BB's on it, supreme schemes, to get Richer
Than Richie, quickly, niggas wanna hit me
If they get me, dress my body in linen by Armani, check it
My lyrical carjack, make your brains splat
High caliber gats is all I fuck with, now peep the rough shit
In my circumfrence, mad bitches, with mad lucci
Bulletproof vestes under they coochie
Spittin my uzi, don't lose me, my trigga niggas represent
Drivin dirty in J-30's gettin bent
And to my hit hoes, my murder mommies
I be smokin trees in Belize when they find me
While you still killin niggas with punany, like Connie
And Cyrus up in Cypress fuck you raw, you on the floor with the virus
While I just, slang coke, smoke pounds to choke
Got lawyers watchin lawyers so I won't go broke, now check it
Them country niggas call me Frank White
I'm squirtin off in my loft of course I know my shit's tight
Sunrise open my eyes no surprise
Got my shorty flying in with keys taped to her thighs
With all the utensils, who hang my china thing
She half black half oriental eighty-six she got me rentals
You got rich and G shit is still a part of you
Cause breakin old habits so hard to do
You still watch for the haters and the robbing crew
Cause breakin old habits so hard to do
When on shot that nigga like I started to
Cause breakin old habits so hard to do
Fresh out the dealership crackin open cigars in the coupe
Man cause breakin old habits so hard to do

I used to drive a Chevy Monte Carlo, bricks of blow all in it
I was taught to sell the shit, you put your nose all in it
Let my bitch drive the Benz but the Rolls off limits
How you call yourself pimpin, with hoes all in your buisness
What it is, the music business or the streets make a decision
I do this in my sleep, and you way out your division pimp
This game we play for keeps, and the rules remain hidden
This ain't a place for lames and that snitching shit is forbidden
After sitting in the kitchen and whipping with hopes of getting back
All that off a brick to go blow it, so it even 50 stacks
And now I'm sitting back, thinking about a time
When a nigga get a 100 g's, think he went down
But now look for loyalty in the game, it ain't there
And things ain't the same they changed it ain't fair
Real niggas dead, doing their time and ain't here
You commit the same crime and come home the same year
You got rich and G shit is still a part of you
Cause breakin old habits so hard to do
You still watch for the haters and the robbing crew
Cause breakin old habits so hard to do
When on shot that nigga like I started to
Cause breakin old habits so hard to do
Fresh out the dealership crackin open cigars in the coupe
Man cause breakin old habits so hard to do1Embed
Its Bad Boy bitch
Scram Jones... the Clipse... B.I.G
Let's go

Niggas in my faction don't like asking questions
Strictly gun testing, coke measuring
Giving pleasure in the Benz-ito
Hitting fanny, spendin chips at Manny's
Hope you creeps got receipts, my peeps get dirty like cleats
Run up in your crib, wrap you in your Polo sheets
Six up in your wig piece, nigga decease
Muah!, may you rest in peace
With my Sycamore style, more sicker than yours
Four-four, and fifty-four draw
As my pilot, steers my Leer
Yes my dear shit's official, only the Feds I fear
Here's a tissue, stop your blood clot crying
The kids, the dog, everybody dyin, no lying
So don't you get suspicious
I'm Big dangerous you're just a Likkle Vicious
As I leave my competition, respirator style
Climb the ladder to success, escalator style
Hold y'all breath, I told y'all, death controls y'all
Big don't fold y'all, (big don't fold y'all)
I spit phrases that'll thrill you, (thrill you)
You're nobody till somebody kills you (I don't wanna die)
You might also like
Do you know where you're going to?
Just a memory, everybody dying
When I throw my clip in the AK, may you rest in peace
Your nobody 'til somebody kills you
Do you know where you're going to?
Just a memory, everybody dying
When I throw my clip in the AK, may you rest in peace
Your nobody 'til somebody kills you

Label limbo, I treat it like the wind blows
My back don't bend, see papi is my kenfolk
Spin out the work, as if it's on a ten spoke
Soul benefactor the benz, he made the rims poke
Trust me they can't touch P, in one touchie
Turn drop-head coupe to dune-buggy
Admire the verses, their inspired by the hearses
That carried my niggas, and had the church mothers cursing
Imagine the glamour that comes out the flow
Of a nigga who still play in the snow like Santa
The wrist is rushing, my ears is blushing
And the diamonds in my chain, big as grandma's buttons, (yes!)
On the flipside, the steel I'm gripping
You thought all the floss had me slipping?
Think again, blink again let me know that your bluffing
Lead give permanent concussion, you're nothing
Do you know where you're going to?
Just a memory, everybody dying
When I throw my clip in the AK, may you rest in peace
Your nobody 'til somebody kills you
Do you know where you're going to?
Just a memory, everybody dying
When I throw my clip in the AK, may you rest in peace
Your nobody 'til somebody kills you

Ha ha ha ha ha check out the facade
On the face of rap, so we gon raise the bar
A mil on the crib, mean a quarter on the car
Bentley coupe another short of the arnage
Even as a youth I was loitering the stoop
Underneath the nose, and the Feds had no clue
I was pushing keys in a V with no roof
Rich, black, two big guns and no coof
Things at the label, well they tend to get unstable
And that pretty much leave Malice at the table
Or over the stove with the flame to the ladle
Because I'm a provider as long as I am able
This here hue the most foolish of blues
When I tell my mom the price
She damn near sent me to my room
It's the M-A-L-I-C-I-O-U-S
You don't wanna try nigga, you next uhh

Biggie Duets...
Born Again...
Life After Death...
Legacy lives on..and on, and on
These motherfuckers still can't see you BIG
Shit you ain't even here..
Motherfuckers better step their game up..
Greatest of all time, Greatest of all time!
Motherfuckers...Embed
1970 somethin', 1970 somethin'
1970 somethin', 1970 somethin' (Oooooh)
1970 somethin', 1970 somethin' (Ooh ooh oooooh)
1970 somthin'

1970 somethin'
Nigga I don't sweat the date, my moms is late
So I had to plan my escape, out the skins
In this world, the fly girl (Yeah)
Tanqueray or Hennessy until I called Earl
Ten months in this gut, what the fuck (Hey yeah)
I wish moms would hurry up so I could get buck
While, Juvenile rippin' mics and shit (Ooh)
New York, New York ready for the likes of this
Uh, then came the worst date, May, 21st
2:19 is when my mama water burst
No spouse in the house, so she rolled herself
To the hospital, to see if she could get a little help
Umbilical chord's wrapped around my neck (Ooh)
I'm seein' my death, and I ain't even took my first step
I made it out, I'm bringin' mad joy (Ooooh ooh ooh)
The doctor looked and said "He's gonna be a Bad Boy."

I remember back in time
(1970 somethin', 1970 somethin')
Before all the homies died
Before all the dollars and nines
I knew that I was goin' somewhere
(19, 70 somethin', 1970 somethin')
Let me take you back in time
Before I even got the rhyme, before I had nickels and dimes
I knew that I was goin' somewhere yeah
You might also like
Would 'Pac be alive, if you let 'Pac drive?
Swear to God, to reverse it, I'll give my Left Eye
With the right I'll visualize the king of Bed-Stuy (Ooh)
Checkin' his daughter, Tyanna into junior high (Yeah)
If I was in Brooklyn and B.I. was still alive
In 2006, it might sound like this
NY, 7-1-8's, 2-1-2's
With Sue's rendezvous, it's like Moulin Rouge (Ohh ohh)
High fashion, uptown Air Force Ones and Vasquez
Puerto Ricans with fat asses (Ooh ooh)
Blazed dutch masters, we dump ashes
On models in S classes for you bastards (Ohh ohh)
Catch a cab to Manhattan, with that Broadway actin'
You hype, that Belly shit'll get you capped and wrapped in plastic
Tell the captain to ask Rog' What's Happenin'?
I hear, nor speak no evil inside the magnum (Ooooh ooh ooh)

(1970 somethin', 1970 somethin')
I remember back in time
Before all the homies died
Before all the dollars and nines
I knew that I was goin' somewhere
(19, 70 somethin', 1970 somethin')
Let me take you back in time
Now I'm thirteen, smokin' blunts makin' cream
On the drug scene, fuck a football team (Yeah-ah)
Riskin' ruptured spleens by the age of sixteen
Hearin' the coach scream ain't my lifetime dream (Ooh oh)
I mean, I wanna blow up, stack my dough up
So school, I didn't show up, it fucked my flow up (Ohh)
Mom said that I should grow up, and check myself (No-oo)
Before I wreck myself, disrespect myself (Oooh)
Put the drugs on the shelf, nah, couldn't see it
Scarface, king of New York, I wanna be it (Oh yeah)
Rap was secondary, money was necessary
Until I got incarcerated, kinda scary
C-74, Mark 8 set me straight
Not able to move behind a great steel gate (Oh no)
Time to contemplate, damn, where did I fail?
All the money I stacked, was all the money for bail

I remember back in time
(1970 somethin')
Before all the homies died
Before all the dollars and nines
I knew that I was goin' somewhere
(1970 somethin', 1970 somethin')
Let me take you back in time
Before I even got the rhyme, before I had nickels and dimes
I knew that I was goin' somewhere yeah
(1970 somethin', 1970 somethin')
Said I knew I
(1970 somethin')
And I knew that I was going somewhere yeah
(Nine- teen 70 somethin')
Ooooh, oooooh
1970 somethin'8Embed
Notorious
Spit your game, talk your shit
Grab your gat (Uuuuuu)
Spit your game, talk your shit
Grab your gat (Uuuuuu)
(Swizzie!, Swizzie!)
Spit your game, talk your shit(Y'all ready?)
Grab your gat
Call your clique
Spit your game, talk your shit
Grab your gat
Call your clique
(Where Brooklyn at? Hey, King of New York B.I.G., Twista, Bone)
Squeeze your clip, hit the right one
Pass that weed I got to light one
Squeeze your clip
Hit the right one
Pass that weed I got to light one

Spit your game, talk your shit, Grab your gat, call your clique
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clique
(come on)
Squeeze your clip, hit the right one
(come on)
Pass that weed I gotsta light one
(come on)
Squeeze your clip
Hit the right one
(come on)
Pass that weed I got to light one
(Uuuuuu)
You might also like
Armed and dangerous, ain't too many can bang with us
Straight up weed no angel dust, label us Notorious
Thug ass niggas that love to bust, it's strange to us
Y'all niggas be scrambling, gambling
Up in restaurants with mandolins, and violins
We just sitting here trying to win, trying not to sin
High off weed and lots of gin
So much smoke need oxygen, steadily counting them Benjamins
Nigga you should too, if you knew, what this game'll do to you
Been in this shit since '92
Look at all the bullshit I been through
Sure caught beef with you know who
Fucked a few female stars or two
Nigga, blue light, nigga, move like Mike, shit
Not to be fucked with motherfucker, better duck quick, cause
Me and my dogs love to buck shit
Fuck the luck shit, strictly aim
No aspirations to quit the game
Spit yo' game, talk yo' shit
Grab yo' gat, call yo' clique
Squeeze yo' clip, hit the right one
Pass that weed, I got to light one
All them niggas I got ta fight one
All them hoes I got ta like one
Our situation is a tight one
Whatcha gonna do, fight or run?
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clique
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clique
(come on)
Squeeze your clip, hit the right one
(come on)
Pass that weed I got to light one
(come on)
Squeeze your clip
Hit the right one
(come on)
Pass that weed I got to light one
(Uuuuuu)
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks
(come on)
Squeeze your clip, hit the right one
(come on)
Pass that weed I got to light one
(come on)
Squeeze your clip
Hit the right one
(come on)
Pass that weed I got to light one
(Uuuuuu)
(Ladies and gentlemen, Twista)
Making money, living marvelous
In God we trust
Don't too many niggas wanna start with us
Got big guns in the cars with us
Bust at any motherfucker acting hard with us
They really wanna show you what a G.I.B
I'd rather be sipping Remy in V.I.P
We can hear the music and that'll be by me
Twista with the legendary nigga B.I.G (Uuuuu)
Brooklyn to K-Town, when you checking out the flow
You know it's gon' reign with persistence
Two legends on the same track, two different planes of existence
Let's get it cracking, I love to bust flows
Hit it from the back cause I love to fuck ho
Do it for the city, I love Chicago
Calico's bumping, I love to bust dough (Jeeesus)
You think you could spit on the mic like you Biggie and flow just as steady as I
Shit, it's real, you know you love em, you ain't got Ready To Die
Life After Death, give it to you however you want it nigga
Got it, they got ya, give it to you, however you want it nigga (Huuuu)
Cause the shit it get deep
So I carry big heat
Screaming "come and get me"
Twista and Biggie on the Swizz Beat (Swizzie)
Free mils, I love to make one
All these cars, I love to ride one
All these hoes, I love to cut one
A tribute to Big, I love to bust one

Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks
(come on)
Squeeze your clip, hit the right one
(come on)
Pass that weed I gotsta light one
(come on)
Squeeze your clip
Hit the right one
(come on)
Pass that weed I got to light one
(Uuuuuu)
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks
(come on)
Squeeze your clip, hit the right one
(come on)
Pass that weed I gotsta light one
(come on)
Squeeze your clip
Hit the right one
(come on)
Pass that weed I got to light one
(Uuuuuu)

(Them Bone boys is back! Them Bone boys is back! Let's go)
In the middle of it I'mma
Bring niggas more drama then they baby mamas
Nigga wanna battle I'mma bomb ya
One man, but attack like a pack of piranhas
Like terracotta, niggas always ready for the war
But they really don't wanna see a nigga though
We can get em in a minute then we finish with the venom of the rhythm of a nigga with a sick-o-flow
Doing it with Swizz, oh no!
You niggas is in some trouble
Somebody better call po-po, it's gonna be murder when I get to serving them verbally (Yeah!)
Nigga y'all heard of me
Wig splitter, killer nigga, word to me
And I'm classic like Bird and Magic with a tactic to snatch his rep back and stack some platinum
Dumping on them at random
With the bullets I brand them
Fitting to hold the game ransom, running up in your mansion, cash demanding, flashing cannons (Let's go)
Niggas ain't ready for this one cause (C'mon) I'm on a mission to get even better believe it
I'm heavily heated, it's easy to see me
If you want to see me, let that be the reason (C'mon, B.I.G.!)

Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clique
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clique
(come on)
Squeeze your clip, hit the right one
(come on)
Pass that weed I gotsta light one
(come on)
Squeeze your clip
Hit the right one
(come on)
Pass that weed I got to light one
(Uuuuuu)
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks
Spit your game, talk your shit, grab your gat, call your clicks
(come on)
Squeeze your clip, hit the right one
(come on)
Pass that weed I gotsta light one
(come on)
Squeeze your clip
Hit the right one
(come on)
Pass that weed I got to light one
(Uuuuuu)

(Notorious! Notorious!)
You just heard the sounds of the King of New York
B.I.G. (B.I.G.)
There's only one crown12Embed
To my motherfuckin' man, fifty grand, the alcholic man
Inject a tall can in his blood stream if he can
Biggie Smalls, the pussy stroker
Emcee provoker, the chocolate tah smoker (huh?)
I like to mack in Maximas and Acuras
Your girl butt cheeks, I'm smackin' (huh?)
The raw rapper, spot smacker
Wit the lil hooker on my lap-ah, you know your favorite macker
A shy nigga, but I ain't ya fuckin' comforter
And If I ever fall in love, I bet I'm fuckin' her
Ask the hooker, If I didn't jug her
She try to front, then I put the Chuckii Booker on her
(Why you wanna...play games on me?)
Bitch, you crazy? Commitments, I'm Swayze
No time for the ill shit
Mess with the niggas on that real blood spill shit
My rappin' tactics, are drastic
Stretchin' motherfuckers like Mr. Fantastic
So if you wanna see my Pedigree, you better be
Filled with energy, niggas never gettin' me
 + (Ludacris ab-libbing)
Big cities and bright lights
Short days and long nights
No stress and no strife
I'm high off living the life
You might also like
It's clear to see that I'm the motherfuckin' man, I done learned from the
Best of em; Took the first slot, niggas still second guessin' em
Hoes, I'm undressin' em', foes, I'm not stresin' em'
Outlastin' a bunch of 'em , outflowed the rest of em'
Cuz everyday, I stay preachin' on the pulpit
So tell them haters they could miss me with that bullshit
But I won't miss, I'm Luda, the heat holder
I'm rich, bitch! I've done more shows than Oprah
And I'm a soldier, ready for whatever
Roll with a bunch of niggas that don't know no better
King like Coretta, countin' mo' cheddar
Just hired two dykes to be my ho getters
When it comes to these women, dog, ain't no one fuckin' wit me
They runnin' back, you think I had TJ Duckett wit me
That's cause I throw it like Vick, from the yard line
Menage a trois, it's safe to say I'm havin' hard times
 + (Ludacris ab-libbing)

To my nigga Chopper dot, with the whoopty-whop on the block
Got the heaters cocked, cause I know the suckers on the block
Hennesey and Belve-D, brings a lot of jealousy
Nigga stop snitchin', nephew, why you tellin' me?
They say the game ain't what it use to be on, Moe
Used to be a G, but now he just a ho
Runnin' 'round poitin' fingers, tellin' names
You fuckin' up the rules to this dirty game, and it's a diry shame
I ain't flippin' out, that's probably why I'm dippin' out
Ya'll fools trippin' out, that why I'm on a different route
Now, makin' money, havin' clout, what's what it's all about
Twenty seven cars and a tweleve bedroom house
Now they call me Snoopy Trump
I keep my heater close, cause I love to bust
Now hat's a stain on a nigga, I bang on a nigga
Kick rocks and watch how I do my thang, young nigga; I'm livin' the life!
 + (Snoop Dogg ab-libbing)
 - w/o ab-libs4Embed

New York to Chi
Perfect combination
Kells, Biggie

You see, I don't sweat these hoes
I keep 'em in flavors like Timbos and Girbauds
Bitches just like to play the merry-go
It was me, Dee, the MPV
The blunts and brew thang, knockin' some Wu-Tang
M-E-T-H-Oh shit, look at them lips and them hips on that bitch
Dee hit the dip, so I can drop my mackadocious shit
Light the blunt clip, and recognize a pimp
Needless to speak, the Gee's obsolete
Don't sleep! Banged the skins in a week
On the creep up the avenue
I seen her on the block, who she rappin' to?
That's my nigga Dee, damn he got Gee
Now she fuckin him and fuckin me, see

Mi casa, you casa (Oh)
I ain't lookin for no wife
I just wanna give dick to ya (Oh)
Hit the club, drink, dance all night wit cha
Do the pussy good, I might do anything for ya
Girl show me how to work that thing (Wo-oh)
You make a motherfucking thug wanna sing (Oh Oh)
Baby baby, can't you see? (Whoa)
We gon' fuck until six in the mornin (Whoa)
You might also like
Now I play her far like a moon play a star
She still sweat me hard cause I'm a rap star
I be cruisin up the block, I be passin her
Pimpin hard with the female passenger
And the only time I call her to hang
Is when me and Dee blunted up, pissy, schemin on a gang-bang
She should've used her intuition
Then she wouldn't be classified in that position, listen
She's sayin I dissed her cause I'm fuckin her sister
A message to the fellas, that really gets 'em pissed, uh
But she started that fuckin family
She fucked my man Dee, so why she mad at me?
Plus your sister look better than you
Give head better than you, pussy get wetter than you
So break the fuck out like a rash
I'm glad I ain't spend no cash to hit yo' nasty ass

Red bows, stilettos do please
Hit fellas to show off yo' booty
I'm hangin wit the best of them, sweet
If you wanna, I'm a veteran
When I show up to the club, it's V-I-P (Oh)
When they dressin in the club if it's B.I.G. (Ooh wee)
I'm not lookin to find a wife (Find a wife)
Just someone to make a friend of mine
Mi casa, you casa (Oh)
I ain't lookin for no wife
I just wanna give dick to ya (Oh)
Hit the club, drink, dance all night wit cha
Do the pussy good, I might do anything for ya
Girl show me how to work that thing (Wo-oh)
You make a motherfucking thug wanna sing (Oh Oh)
Baby baby, can't you see? (Whoa)
We gon' fuck until six in the mornin (Whoa)

I roll up, the black Impala
I'm so high when I walk in the club
I see this chick that used to get the dick
Now she freakin on the floor, make a nigga reminisce
Ah, wanna back in my ride again
But I don't want no girlfriend
See I just wanna hit it and we can be cool
We can do this if you feelin the same way too
Come on girl, lets go to my hotel
After party all night in my hotel
Pop mo', smoke 'dro in my hotel
In twenty minutes, girl hit me on my cell

Mi casa, you casa (Oh)
I ain't lookin for no wife
I just wanna give dick to ya (Oh)
Hit the club, drink, dance all night wit cha
Do the pussy good, I might do anything for ya
Girl show me how to work that thing (Wo-oh)
You make a motherfucking thug wanna sing (Oh Oh)
Baby baby, can't you see? (Whoa)
We gon' fuck until six in the mornin (Whoa)Embed
I wish I had another chance, another place to die
I wish I had another chance, my life has just begun
Verse 1: 
What you expected from this next of kin
I'm loco bro, but ain't no Mexican
I got nines in the bedroom, Glocks in the kitchen
A shotty by the shower if you wanna shoot me while I'm shittin
The lesson from the Smith and Wesson is depressin
Niggas keep stressin, the same motherfuckin question
How many shots does it take, to make my heart stop
And my body start to shake, if I should die before I wake

I am here, I'm watching you (if I should die before I wake)
Love, the flesh, my blood's pourin through (if I should die before I wake)
This, can't be, reality (if I should die before I wake)
Wake up, my dead face, I see (if I should die before I wake)
My dead face, I see, my dead face, I see!

I wish I had another chance, another place to die
I wish I had another chance, my life has just begun

On your mark, get set, when I spark you're wet
Look how dark it get when you're marked wit death
Should I, start your breath or should I let you die
If Biggie start to cry, ask why?
Lyrically, I'm worshipped, don't front, the word's sick
You cursed it, but rehearsed it
I drop unexpectedly like bird shit
You herbs get, stomped quickly for royalties and show money
Don't forget the publishin, I'm punishin
I'm done wit them, son I'm surprised you run wit them
I think they got cum in 'em, 'cause they nothin' but dicks
Tryna blow up like nitro and dynamite sticks
Man, I smoke hydro, rock diamonds that's slick
Got paid off my flow, ride wit my own click
Take chicks to Cairo, layin wit yo' bitch
I know you prayin' you was rich
You fuckin' prick, when I see you I'ma..
You might also like
I am here, I'm watching you (if I should die before I wake)
Love, the flesh, my blood's pourin through (if I should die before I wake)
This, can't be, reality (if I should die before I wake)
Wake, up, my dead face I see (when I see you I'ma..)
My dead face I see (when I see you I'ma..), my dead face I SEE!!

I wish I had another chance, another place in mind
I would've done shit different if I had time
I wish I had another chance, my life has just begun
I wouldn't have been in no bullshit, I don't have to run
I wish I had another chance, another place in mind
I would've done shit different if I had time
I wish I had another chance, my life has just begun
I wouldn't have been in no bullshit, I don't have to run

I don’t have to run!
I don’t have to run!
I don’t have to run!
I don’t have to run!
When I see you I'm a
I dont have to run!
When I see you I'm a
I dont have to run!
When I see you I'ma.. when I see you I'ma..2Embed
Uh (uh)
Come on (uh)
It goes B to the I to the G so proper
Missy and Big Poppa (Check it out)
Call us chief knockers

Damn Ma, I love you like the lah, the ganja
Sensimilla, can I feel ya
All I wanna do is touch ya
The ultimate rush, you're drugs baby

Don't you know I'm the ultimate? To get this nookie, be fortunate
Just like tastin pussy with pork in it
People stop when I'm walkin in, I'm twist-in twistin 'em
Back on ten, I'm talkin 'bout like when Mase come back again
My ski's is immaculate, my paper stackin keep trackin
I'm mackin yo slackin, reaction makes ya'll dicks grin
I'm mo' better than gold diggers with figures
Mo' bigger than Jigga's and even Paris Hilton's
Damn sir, sniff me like the coke, three lines
Me won't give you none
Sent amilia, all you wanna do is sniff me
The ultimate rush, get high baby
Damn sir, sniff me like the coke, three lines
Me won't give you none
Sent amilia, all you wanna do is sniff me
The ultimate rush, the drugs baby
You might also like (w/ Biggie ad-libs)
[Verse Two: B.I.G. & Missy Elliott
Now Biggie Smalls is not the type to fall in love with 'em
Hit 'em and forget 'em and go handle my business
I like the kind of whine and dine, who grindin' all the time
Yo ex girl was a fly, but now lucked up on a dime, nigga
What is it with you, all you wanna do is lay around
And stay around and get mad when I play around
I like to lay never work, put your money in my purse
To the mall, I go search matchin' shoes for my skirt
Tuesday I saw you on the zee, but you still wanna get wit me
Wednesday is the Benz day, that's what your friends say
Me and my friends got your Benz, attractin' mens
And spendin' dividends, blowin' like the wind
 (w/ Biggie ad-libs)

So I guess you think I'm slippin' cause I ain't flippin'
Baby, I'm Big Poppa, ain't no need to be trippin'
I ain't trippin' nor flippin', I'm just liquor sippin'
At the bar, tippin' wit your money, can you pay the difference?
It seems like it's a waste of time, that's why I wrote the rhyme
I hear you jump in every car, except for mines
Nigga, I don't jump in cars, I'm a superstar
Face way to flaw, you should hang me on your wall
All I do all day is drink Tanqueray
Thinking of a way to put a smile on your face
Make me smile, see them teeth, me look cute down to them features
My waste, my physique, me don't want freak-a-leek
Should I wine and dine? You put ring on your fingers
While sex from the next man in the bedroom lingers
Sex will never linger, hold up, put up the blinkers
I flow just like sprinklers, give yo ass the middle finger
You better slow your roll baby, you ain't got enough dough to pay me
You know the pin number, just page me when you will baby
 (w/ Missy ad-libs)1Embed
Akon and B.I.G. yea

Niggas talkin' it but ain't livin' it
Cristal pops I'm sippin' it, mob hats and lizard shit
'Gator trunks bitch, rollin' blunts with the williest of the willy
Heckler Koch, M-1's and nine millies
Stories like a motherfucker
Model bitches wondering if I'm a fuck with her
She know I treats my bitches like Ivana
Dolce and Gabana drippin'
Big Poppa never slippin'
H-class diamonds shinin'
Dinner with the wifey winin', dinin'
Smoking cigars in Bogotá
With Colombian niggas named Panama
And Englique and shit
Games we play life endin'
Bitches bending over with ease
For a pair of Moschino jeans
And Donna Karan tank tops I got your bank stopped
Singles on top
Benjamins
Under the rest of 'em
Advancin'
From duplex to mansion
Stashing keys hidin' G's overseas
VCR's in my V's
Game elevates, money I make
Gets your stocks and real estates, bitch
Jet skiing in the Caribbean, white sands
Discussing plans with my mans
Dark blue land, smoke tint chrome rims and system
That leaves your rear views tremblin'
What you gonna do when poppa catch an attitude?
Drop to your knees and show gratitude
Kiss my rings it's a Frank White thing I stay potent
Bitch is devoted, take my dick and deep throat it
You might also like
Eternal sunshine in this elevated world of mine
Looking for this hour glass of time
Trying to find my purpose on this grand design
Is there anybody out there living?
4-5-6 is on the streets, they shootin
Is there any money out there for me?
You just listen to this husler's story

Picture me, a product of the zone three
Scared lost, don't know what I'm suppose to be
Shit cost, money never came to me
When shit short, I suffered unshamelessly
The lord humble niggas 'specially if they act like
They too big for they draw when they stacks right
Think I'm bullshittin'? A bunch of niggas back like
Right back hungry, stacks gone, they forgot Christ
I know a nigga sold his soul for a nickel rock
I know some hoes for the dro you can hit the cock
I know a nigga workin' 9-5
Been on 15 years, ain't got a car to drive
I know some nigga wanna act hard, flicks pitch
Fake jack boys, can't rob, get killed
Got kin folk backyard big whips
Escart that lift my homeboy this year

Akon

While B.I.G. sittin up with Englique
I'm on the coastline politickin' wit Jose
We got the birds flyin' in the coop all day
Tryin' to find a new way to smugglin' pure yay'
We bout our business, ain't no small time thieves
If you ain't growin the 'caine then we ain't gon' meet
See I'm the one to call when things get deep
And my Africans will put yo' main man to sleep, now
And Mexico far from the block
Tryin' to figure out how many Glocks to a box, now
Sellin' arms as well as rocks in my socks
If you could show me the money, here's the keys to the lock, now
Hey, you know the streets is my territory
Ain't scared of nothin, let you fear it for me
Hey, whether win, lose or draw
Believe that death is waitin for all


Face Mob in the buildin (Uh huh)
Niggas is quick to chop rocks and hide hands
Make a break for it, get away from it, that was the plan (but)
So the whole time, I been plottin' on his man
Caught him slippin' and sleepin', I hit his ass wit the can, and
Here's somethin' that you can't understand
How can one be so cold and snatch a nigga's soul? (Damn)
I'm on some get back shit, there comes a time
In every man's mind when it's deeper than dollar signs
I been on the grind, got homies doin' time
Behind niggas actin like bitches and bitches droppin' dimes
I'm duckin' indictments, pussies is wearing wires
Niggas just ain't tellin', no, they know we let it slide
But nah, we gotta ride and him, he gotta die
So if you catch up to his ass before I catch him, give him mine
The rats one thing a real nigga here despise
I'm a five K one killa, I set his ass on fire
Embed
The Biggie Duets! (Uhh!)
Jazzy Fizzle, Jagged Edge (Biggie Smalls)
Ladies and gentlemen!

I go on and on and on and
Don't take 'em to the crib unless they bonin
Easy, call 'em on the phone and
Platinum Chanel cologne and
I stay dressed to impress
Spark these bitches interest
Sex is all I expect
If they watch TV in the Lex, they know
They know, quarter past 4
Left the club tipsy, say no mo'
Except how I'm gettin home tomorrow
Cease will drop you off when he see his P.O
Back of my mind I hope she swallow
Man she spilled a drink on my cream Wallows
Reach the gate, hungry just ate
Griffin, she got to be to work by eight
This must mean she ain't tryna wait
Conversate, sex on the first date
I state, "You know what you do to me"
She starts off, "Well I don't usually"
Then I whipped it out, rubber no doubt
Step out, show me what you all about
Fingers in your mouth, open up your blouse
Pull your G-string down South (Ooow)
I threw that back out, in the parking lot
By a Cherokee and a green drop-top
And I don't stop until I squirt
Jeans, skirt, butt-naked - it all work
You might also like
Gotta love my lil' nasty girl
Know I love my lil' nasty girl
I love my lil' nasty girl (Ladies and gentleman!)
All the ladies if you with me grab your titties for B-I-G
My lil' nasty girl
All my women from around the world
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you with me grab your titties for B-I-G

(You know I like nasty girls...)
I need you to dance, I need you to strip
I need you to shake your lil' ass and hips
I need you to grind like you workin' for tips
And gimme what I need while we listen to Prince
Cause miss you ain't seen the world yet, rocked La Perla yet
Rocked them pearl sets, flew in a pearl jet
My style make a low profile girl smile
Blow a chick back like I blow through a trial (take that)
And now you and me can drink some Hennessy
Then we get it on, mad women wantin' to bone Sean Combs
Sippin' on Patron, speedin' be leanin', got 'em fiendin'
Then when I did it to you throw it right back (right back)
And tell me "Yeah Diddy I like it like that" (like that)
Lift your shirt, you know how I flirt
Heels & skirt, let's take it off, now let's work (let's work!)
Gotta love my lil' nasty girl (So nasty)
Know I love my lil' nasty girl (Gotta love 'em)
I love my lil' nasty girl ('Cause I do)
All the ladies if you with me grab your titties for B-I-G
My lil' nasty girl
All my women from around the world
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you with me grab your titties for B-I-G

J-E & B-I-G (what! what!)
Got the keys from Diddy (uh! uh!)
We're a Man lookin' no stress
Meet us upstairs in ya best, yes!
Dress to impress, spark this bitch's interest
Jazzy on the beat so sweet
Ladies if ya feel me grab ya titties for B-I-G

Okay ma, what's ya preference? (Whats ya preference?)
Nice and slow or fast and reckless (Fast and reckless)
Pull your hair girl, bite cha necklace! (Oh, yeah)
Lemme show you what a nigga from the Lou' is blessed with (hey!)
I make ya sprang a leak
When I'm done flip the mattress change the sheets (gotta change 'em)
I'm like the radical one
I vibrate a lil' more than your mechanical one
From yo' titties to ya thong
Either way mama I'mma make you do what it do
Girl I'm about to make you cum
Guaranteed when you fuckin wit me, girl
'Cause I'll go on and on and on
On and on and on (You hear me? Oh!)
On and on
Ladies if you feel me, grab them thangs for Biggie
Gotta love my lil' nasty girl
Know I love my lil' nasty girl
I love my lil' nasty girl (You gotta love it, baby!)
All the ladies if you with me grab your titties for B-I-G
My lil' nasty girl
All the women from around the world
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you with me grab your titties for B-I-G
Gotta love my lil' nasty girl
Know I love my lil' nasty girl
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you with me grab your titties for B-I-G
My lil' nasty girl
All the women from around the world
I love my lil' nasty girl
All the ladies if you with me grab your titties for B-I-G

Ladies & gentlemen you are now in tune into the very best
Jazzy Fizzle... Nelly man, Jagged Edge
The Notorious... NOTORIOUS! B-I-G
THE BIGGIE DUETS! NOTORIOUS!
BAD BOY! SHO NUFF SHO NUFF!
NOTORIOUS!
NOTORIOUS!
Ladies & Gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen, gentlemen...
LET'S GO!
LET'S GO!
LET'S GO!
LET'S GO! hey hey hey hey16Embed
Yo
C-Gutta, where you at?
D Rockafella
Cease-A-Leo DeGenero
Blake C
Money SL
Uhh

B.I.G. is making this cream
Bitches always say what the hell does that mean?
B is for the bitches, who can't understand
How one fly nigga became a man
I is for the way it goes in and out
One by one I knocks 'em out
G is for the way the game goes in the gutter
Other MC's man they ain't sayin' nuthin'
Rockin' on, to the break of dawn
Meet the bitch, get the pussy, get the math, I'm gone

What?
It ain't no more to itYou might also like6Embed
Previously on Ready to Die

... me and her sister had something going on
I reach my peak, I can't speak
(A-yo, you listening to me motherfucker?)
Call my nigga Chic, tell him that my will is weak
(Eyo, c'mon nigga)
I'm sick of niggas lying, I'm sick of bitches hawkin'
Matter of fact, I'm sick of talking
*BANG*
(Ayo Big, ayo Big!)

*heartbeat slows, sound of ambulance sirens*
*sound of pulse monitor and breathing machine*

Damn... we was s'pose to rule the world baby
We was unstoppable!
The shit can't be over, no
The shit can't be over, man
I know you hear me nigga
I know you hear me
You got too much livin' to do
Too much unfinished business
It ain't over
*flatline*
Live your lifeYou might also like8Embed
Can I live 'til my last day?
Hittin' honies that be na-sty
Gettin' money in the fast way
And I only care halfway
But I still can't let you pass me

Yo what's beef to you, three niggas with hoodies and bats
That ain't shit compared to one small cat with gats
When we came here we cut off all kind circulation
Breathin', eatin', the whole situation
When we do our shit we do our shit for real
While you take your money for your deal and make your own beats
Compose your own sheets, that's aight but chill
I'ma spend that mil and cop only hot shit
Rock top shit you know how The LOX get
Then you can see me flyin' in the Bentley cockpit
LOX and B-I, hold our grica down for years
Gang not, but we been had our black tears
Niggas under the stairs only understand what we got
Underground, all above must get shot
You couldn't book me Dano, Sheek Luciano put the burners
To all y'all, what nigga bring it I'm callin' y'all

You already know what it's about when I run up in your house
Put the gun up in your mouth and get the money out the couch
Hearin' you out is senseless, perhaps for instance
I give this faggot a french kiss
Black gloves, no prints, dark tints
Word on the street they ain't heard from him since
You know about life after kickin' the kid in
Since me and my mi-dan can flip seven gri-dams
Scri-dam, the flow is forbidden
Either you ridin' or you dyin' 'cause we swingin' iron
LOX and Poppa, turning niggas into Jim Hoffa
Who gon' stop us? Your last joint double copper
You gettin' money or you're runnin' from the Feds
Ain't nothin' over here but 16 with one in the head
And I solemnly swear
That all y'all niggas out there got a problem this year
You might also like
Can I live 'til my last day?
Hittin' honies that be na-sty
Gettin' money in the fast way
And I only care halfway
But I still can't let you pass me
Can I live 'til my last day?
Hittin' honies that be na-sty
Gettin' money in the fast way
And I only care halfway
But I still can't let you pass me

Before you think of keepin' me down, heatin' me down
The flow like water get deep and you drown
With no soul, many niggas roll with no goal
Even the small gun got a little black hole
Your destiny is something you can never figure out
Niggas is never happy 'til there's blood up in your mouth
There's a lot of killers, but who the hell are you to blame
There's a lot of dead, how the hell you take the pain?
Live with it, got money, you better give with it
My man had the thug in him, did his bid with it
Get married to the game, but never have a kid with it
Advice from the wise, slice the pies
Too many schemes devised when dreams collide
Teams provide war for the street to absorb
You stashed in the ceiling and you slept on the floor
Only a blind thug'll fall in love with a whore
Uhh, uhh, uhh

Who the fuck wanna squeeze?
My Desert E's make MC's freeze
You wakin' up in cold sweats, they just dreams
You still apologizin'
Analyzin', my size and your size and
Realizin', a fist fight would be asinine
You just pop wines, I must pop nines
Genuine steel piece, nozzle in your grill piece
You're shook up, two bricks, every cook up
We can hook up, all I see is the future
Disrespect, I shoot ya
By the way, them bricks get flipped weekly
Sold by soldiers that mix weed with the leak leak
Die for a dollar, nigga, life ain't sweet
Play for keeps, wet shirts with experts on the creep
Our beef is my fiancé, about to marry it
Illegal transactions in Farragut with Arabics
Why not, they fit twelve up in the bedroom
Imagine what they stash is like, make you a classic like
My first LP, beef with me is unhealthy
Fuck around and get an ulcer, lose your pulse or
Collapsed lung, look how many gats I brung
For them homos, still doin' promos
Break both your legs, you're movin' slow-mo
Got shine to glow mo'
Nine hundred and ninety six grams, you need four mo'
Can I live 'til my last day?
Hittin' honies that be na-sty
Gettin' money in the fast way
And I only care halfway
But I still can't let you pass me
Can I live 'til my last day?
Hittin' honies that be na-sty
Gettin' money in the fast way
And I only care halfway
But I still can't let you pass me
Can I live 'til my last day?
Hittin' honies that be na-sty
Gettin' money in the fast way
And I only care halfway
But I still can't let you pass me7Embed
R.I.P. Big
We some niggas that's gonna make you proud of this game
Smell me? We straight sucka free
Jones, Capo
Cash Money, Santana
Dipset, Lil Weezy
Let's ride, Let's ride
Cause real Gs know the feeling
It's hard body, no remorse for the killing
Cause real Gs know the feeling
It's hard body, no remorse for the killing

Mad trees and bitches in dungarees
The city under seas, kitchen hundred degrees
I love that summer breeze, I'll stand in it 'til it freeze
I'm from another breed, them s-s-southern Gs
I sip promethazine, I lean, I stand tall
I'm mean, I'm mad raw, I'm coming like fastball
Steee-rike, yup, so get it right
Nigga, one of my sniplets'll end your whole life
You ain't nothing but a riblet to a nigga with a knife
And a fork, I'm a pig myself, I eat pork
So be smart and play your own part
If you don't love yourself, I'll make you see your own heart
And we don't like the narcs, stay away from the cell
Hey, I'mma shoot it out if I'm facing the L
Yeah, so tell your girl to come and make me rich
Weezy Baby, nigga, nine to five, ten to six
You might also like
All night, I can't sleep, I toss and turn
Got my hand on my pistol, when will these motherfuckers learn?
I ain't going out without a fight
I'm with whatever and I ain't going out without a fight
I'm with whatever, I ain't going out without a fight
I'm with whatever, it'd be your life before my life
At night, I can't sleep, I toss and turn
Got my hand on my pistol, when will these motherfuckers learn?

It's showdown time, throwdown time
Safety off, four pound time
Clack clack, go get yours, I'll go get mine
Check it man, I'm with whatever
Goodness gracious, the paper
Where the cash at? Where the stash at?
I blow that ass back for frontin' on a nigga like me
You got nothing on a nigga like me
You'll see
I'm on the grind from sun up to sun down
If I'm lying, may lightning come down and strike me right now
I'll turn a dollar to a twenty to a fifty to a hundred
Keep it coming 'til I'm full on my stomach
I'm stuck in my ways, I'm stuck puffing my haze
Hand on my pistol, front of it sprays
I'm stuck living the life of a ghetto nigga
Trying to get rid of the life, alright?
[All night, I can't sleep, I toss and turn
Got my hand on my pistol, when will these motherfuckers learn?
I ain't going out without a fight
I'm with whatever and I ain't going out without a fight
I'm with whatever, I ain't going out without a fight
I'm with whatever, it'd be your life before my life
At night, I can't sleep, I toss and turn
Got my hand on my pistol, when will these motherfuckers learn?]

As I grab the Glock, put it to your head piece
One in the chamber, the safety is off, released
Straight at your dome, holmes, I wanna see cabbage
Biggie Smalls the savage
Doing your brain cells much damage
Teflon is the material, for the imperial
Mic gripper, girl stripper, the Henny sipper
I drop lyrics off and on like a light switch
Quick to grab the right bitch and make her drop with you
.45 Glocks and Tecs are expected when I wreck shit
Respect is collected, so check it
I got techniques dripping out my butt cheeks
Sleep on my stomach so I don't fuck up my sheets
My shit is deep, deeper than my grave, G
I'm ready to die, and nobody can save me
Fuck the world, fuck my moms and my girl
My life is played out like a Jheri curl
I'm ready to die
[All night, I can't sleep, I toss and turn
Got my hand on my pistol, when will these motherfuckers learn?
I ain't going out without a fight
I'm with whatever and I ain't going out without a fight
I'm with whatever, I ain't going out without a fight
I'm with whatever, it'd be your life before my life
At night, I can't sleep, I toss and turn
Got my hand on my pistol, when will these motherfuckers learn?]1Embed
Good evening
And for my last hit, I'd like to take you back to the classics
B.I.G. style of course
Uh

Playa (Hater)
Turn your head 'round (Turn your head 'round)
Lay on the ground, you've been robbed
Wake up (Wake up)
Open the door (Open the door)
Lay on the floor, you've been robbed, uhh

You know, we need this money
And you, yes baby, you, should just roll with me
Let's go off, together
On this robbin' spree, we'll make money, uhh

Playa (Hater)
Turn your head 'round (Turn your head 'round)
Take off that crown, you've been robbed
Wake up (Wake up)
Open the door (Open the door)
Don't cry no more, you've been robbed
You might also like
You see, there are two kinds of people in the world today
We have the playas, and we have the playa haters
Please don't hate me because I'm beautiful baby

Hear what they talk about me
But my crew so deep
You can't do a damn thing, to me

Playa (Hater)
Open the door (Open the door)
Lay on the floor, you've been robbed
Wake up (Wake up)
(Wake your ass up)
Take off your jewels (Take off your jewels)
You fuckin fools, you've been robbed, uhh
This is a robbery, nigga

Playa playa (Hater)
Playa playa (Hater)
Playa playa (Hater)
Playa playa (Hater)
Playa hater (Hater)
Playa hater (Hater)
Playa hater (Hater)
Uhh, thank you, thank you very much *Applause*
Playa hater
Thank you thank you far too kind, far too kind
Thank you, thank you very much
Good night everybody, good night!
Playa hater
I love all of you, thank you thank you
Thank you, thank you very much, good night!
Playa hater, playa hater, oww!8Embed
Yeah, word
I remember I met this one bitch
'Cause you know me, I don't see— I'm the nasty motherfucker
I just thought— I thought I'da did anything in the world (yeah?)
I meets this one bitch, I comes up in the spot or whatever
The bitch got the candles lit or whatever, so
She tell me whatever, she wanna get her freak on or whatever
So I'm like "What's up? What'chu wanna do?"
Know what I'm sayin', I'm read to wear it out or whatever (ksss)
The bitch told me she wanted me to shit on her (hahaha)
Ya know, shit, I was like, "Whatchu mean shit?"
I mean I might shit on you, after I hit it I won't call you no more
Shit on you like that (hahaha)
She talkin about no she want me to cock over her
And shit, on her stomach! (hehehe)
I said bitch what the, what the fuck??
What the fuck I'm sposed to do after I after I shit on her
I'm s'posed to hit that after that?
She's just wilding out, so after I shits on the bitch right (hahaha)
Ya know I shit, after I shits on the bitch
The bitch, ya know, washed that shit off or whatever
(Ohh shit)

Come on, yeah, come on
Come on, yeah, come on, yeah
Come on, yeah, come on
Come on, yeah, come on, yeah
Come on, yeah, come on
Come on, yeah, come on, yeah
Come on, yeah, come on
Come on, yeah, come on
You might also like
This goes out to my Brooklyn crew
Representin' on the freaky freaky
Fuck 'em all day, fuck 'em all night
We don't love these hoes

I go on and on and on and
Don't take them to the crib unless they bonin'
Easy, call 'em on the phone and
Platinum Chanel cologne and
I stay, dressed to impress
Spark these bitches interest
Sex is all I expect
If they watch TV in the Lex, they know
They know, quarter past 4
Left the club tipsy, say no mo'
Except how I'm gettin' home tomorrow
Caesar drop you off when he see his P.O
Back of my mind I hope she swallow
Man she spilled a drink on my cream Wallows
Reach the gate, hungry just ate
Riffin', she got to be to work by eight
This must mean she ain't tryna wait
Conversate, sex on the first date
I state, "You know what you do to me"
She starts off, "Well I don't usually"
Then I whipped it out, rubber no doubt
Step out, show me what you all about
Fingers in your mouth, open up your blouse
Pull your G-string down South
Threw that back out, in the parkin' lot
By a Cherokee and a green drop-top
And I don't stop, until I squirt
Jeans, skirt, butt-naked, it all work
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, nigga you so nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, nigga you so nasty

I remember we went to Tennessee
Then we came home, mad messages was on my phone
Bitch named Simone
Screamin, she fiendin' for the semen
Me bein' the man that I am
Took it to her condo pronto
Half Indian, I called her Tonto
Roll the chron' chron' in the dark pronto
Few puffs, eyes got low
And off to the bedroom we go
Sex is drama, head is trauma
Ripped pajamas, I'ma stay 'til tomorrow
Satisfyin' all my needs twice
With whipped cream, handcuffs and ice
The bitch is nice, word is bond
Can't wait to put my niggas on, what? What?
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, nigga you so nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, nigga you so nasty

Ladies, my Mercedes
Hold fo' in the back, two if you're fat
Keep a gat 'cause cats try fi test me
They just fans like De Niro, Wesley
Let's see, the bitch I'm waitin' on
Gardeur jeans look like they painted on
Ask thee, leave it up to me
Lay her on back ever so gently
She like the way the dough fold up, Rolls roll up
Cristal 'til she throw up, bitch grow up
Hold up, there's DeGenero
Dripped out, Iceberg apparel
Intro goes without speaking
Call me Cease 'cause I keep 'em, we can go freakin'
All weekend, so, roll in
Ain't it good that my Lex seats foldin'? Uhh

You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, nigga you so nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, nigga you so nasty7Embed

Uuh, yeah, uh, oooh, oh yeah, mmm, yeah
Oh fuck me you black mothafucka, oooohh yeah!!! MMMMMM, Aaahhh
Oh fuck me you black Kentucky Fried Chicken eatin'
Ohhh, ooohhh, yeah
You mothafuckin' gangsta killin', mutha fuckin black mafia ass
Muthafuckin, you, ohhhhh my god
You chronic smokin', Oreo cookie eatin', pickle juice drinkin'
Chicken gristle eatin', biscuit suckin', MUTHAfucka
V8 juice drinkin', slim fast, blendin' black greasy muthafucka
OOOHHHHH

What's my name?

Biggie!

What's my name?

Biggie!
Oh yeah
You might also like(Sound of Biggie and Lil Kim falling off the bed)
 I'm sorry
 Ahhhh....
 Oh shit. Damn
 (laughing) Jenny Craig eatin' muthafucka
 (laughing) Fuck you bitch...8Embed
Push
C'mon, shorty, stay push, c'mon
C'mon, c'mon, push it's almost there
One more time, c'mon
C'mon, push, baby, one more time
Harder, harder, push it harder
Push, push, c'mon
One more time, here it goes
I see the head!
Yeah, c'mon!
Yeah! Yeah!
You did it, baby, yeah!

But if you lose, don't ask no questions why
The only game you know is do or die
Ah-ha-ha
Hard to understand what a hell of a man...
Hip hop the hippie the hippie
To the hip hip hop and you don't stop
Rock it out, baby bubba, to the boogie, the bang-bang
The boogie to the boogie that be
Now, what you hear is not a test...
You might also like
God damn it, Voletta, what the fuck are you doin'?
You can't control that God damn boy? What?
I just saw Mr. Johnson, he told me he caught the motherfucking boy shoplifting
What the fuck are you doin'? (Get your black ass the fuck off!)
You can't control that God—
I don't know what the fuck to do with that boy
What the fuck do you want me to do?
If— if you can't con— fucking control him
I'ma send him— (All you fucking do is bitch all day, motherfucker)
I'ma send him— Bitch, bitch, I—
I'ma send his motherfuckin' ass to a group home God damn it, what?
I'll smack the shit outta you, bitch! (Kick my black ass, motherfucker!)
What the fuck?
Yo— You— You are fucking up (Comin' in here, smellin' like sour socks, you dumb motherfucker)
I'ma fuck you up

When I'm bustin' up a party I feel no guilt
Gizmo's cuttin' up for thee
Suckers that's down with nei—
What, nigga, you wanna rob them motherfuckin' trains, you crazy?
Yes, yes, motherfucker, motherfuckin' right, nigga, yes
Nigga, what the fuck, nigga? We gonna get—
Nigga, it's eighty-seven nigga, is you dead broke?
Yeah, nigga, but, but, nigga—
Motherfucker, is you broke, motherfucker?
We need to get some motherfuckin' paper, nigga
Yeah, but nigga, it's a train, ain't nobody robbed no motherfucking train
Just listen, man, your mother giving you money, nigga?
My moms don't give me shit, nigga
It's time to get paid, nigga
Is you with me?
Motherfucker, is you with me?
Yeah, I'm with you, nigga, c'mon
Alright then, nigga, let's make it happen then
All you motherfuckers get on the fuckin' floor!
Get on the motherfucking floor!
Give me all your motherfucking money (And don't move, nigga!)
I want the fuckin' jewelry, give me every-fuckin'-thing
Nigga I'd shut the fuck up or I'ma blow your motherfuckin' brains out! (Gimme your fuckin' money, motherfucker!)
Nigga, give me your jewelry, empty your pockets (Fuck you, bitch)
Get up off that shit
What the fuck you holding on to that shit for, bitch?
I get money, money I got
Stunts call me honey if they feel real hot

Open C-74, Smalls
Mr. Smalls, let me walk you to the door
So how does it feel leaving us?
C'mon man, what kind of fucking question is that man?
Trying to get the fuck up out this joint dog
Yeah, yeah, you'll be back
You niggers always are
Go ahead man, what the fuck is you hollering about?
You won't see me up in this motherfucker no more
We'll see
I got big plans nigga, big plans, hahahaha10Embed
Mmmmmmmmm-HMM
See.. 
I told you.. 
See, I told y'all muh'fuckers
Yo yo.. that stupid nigga man
I told y'all to stop!
He fucked up, yo..
I pray for you to stop
Yo, yo yo yo, yo.. yo.. yo..
Yo, yo yo yo, yo..
But no, you didn't stop
Yo.. yo..
And now, we won't stop

Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight

I make yo' mouthpiece obese like Della Reese
When I release, you lose teeth like Lil' Cease
Nigga, please, blood floods your dungarees
And that's just the half of my warpath
Laugh now, cry later
I rhyme greater than the average playa hater and spectators
Buy my CD twice
They see me in the streets, they be like, "Yo, he nice!"
But that's on the low though
Be the cats with no dough try to play me at my show
I pull out .44's and go up in they clothes
Short-change niggas, snort 'caine niggas
Extortion came quicker, bought the Range, nigga
Ya still tickle me, I used to be as strong as Ripple be
'Til Lil' Cease crippled me
Now I play hard like my girl's nipples be
The game sour like a pickle be, y'all know the rules
Move from BK to New Jeruz
Thinkin' 'bout all the planes we flew, bitches we ran through
Now the year's new, I lay my game flat
I want my spot back, take two
Motherfuckers mad 'cause I blew, niggas envious
Too many niggas on my dick, shit's strenuous
When my men bust, you just move with such stamina
Slugs missed ya, I ain't mad at cha (We ain't mad at cha)
Blood rushin', concussions ain't nothin'
Catch cases, come out frontin', smokin' somethin'
Sippin' White Russians, bitch in the Benz bumpin'
I laced her with the basic
Six TV's, the system knockin' Ma$e shit
Face it! We hard to hit
Guard ya shit, 'fore I stick you for your re-up
Wipe the pee up, lick shots, woke your seed up
Go in the ashtray, spark the weed up, long kiss
You might also like
Hell, we don’t give a fuck
We just absolutely don’t give a fuck
Because there ain’t no love here
There ain’t no love here
You know, we gon' keep doin' what we do
We gon' keep fuckin' you up
I'ma keep stompin' your motherfuckin' head in
You fucking bitch

Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight

Uh! I'm flamin' gats
Aimin' at these fuckin' maniacs, put my name in raps
What part the game is that? Like they hustle backwards
I smoke Backwoods and Dutchies, you can't touch me
Try to rush me, slugs go touchy-touchy
You're bleedin' lovely, with yo' spirit above me
Or beneath me, your whole life you live sneaky
Now you rest, eternally sleepy
You burn when you creep me
Rest where the worms and the weak be
My 9 flies, baptize rap guys
With the Holy Ghost, I put holes in most
You hold your toast shaky, slippin', tryna break me
Look what you made me do, brains blew
My team in the marine-blue Six Coupé
Skied it out, weeded out, cleanin' out
The block for distances, givin' long kisses, bitch!
Only I can do now, I say a prayer for you
You know, that’s the only thing I can do, just pray for your mind
Because, see your mind is in control of your heart
Where it's supposed to be the other way around
Your heart has got to control your mind
So now, I have no feelings for you
You have made me cruel, you have made me cold

Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight

Frank White the menacin', Chron-Chron's the medicine
I got the lettuce and you turn green like cucumber skin
Got the new Hummer in the summer when
I was a newcomer then, drugs and MAC-10's
Hugs from fake friends
Make ends, they hate you
Be broke, girls won't date you
That's why I relate too
Choke yo' ass out 'til your face blue
Make you open the safe too
No matter how you call it (How you call it)
This brolic alcoholic like his weed greened out, like his brick solid
Distribute to kids who take heart like Valentine
Drink Ballantine all the time
Slugs hit your chest, tap your spine, flatline
Heard through the grapevine, you got fucked fo' times
Damn, that three-to-nine fucked you up for real though
Sling steel slow
As for remorse, we feel no
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight
Time, time for you to die
As I kiss.. yo'.. ass.. goodnight

See the fucked up thing is that I love you
You know what I’m saying
It’s just in my nature to love you
I can’t hate you
‘Cause its not in my nature to hate you
You know, I don’t know
Maybe I’m a different type of individual
But you have me on a line
And there’s a thin line between love and hate
And God-forbid I cross that line
Cause I’m not gon’ give a fuck
I’m telling you right motherfucking now
The shit that ya’ll done started
Is never gonna stop!
We are never gonna stop!
And we’re not talking about no other rappers
We’re talking about you, motherfucker!
You know who I’m talking to
We comin' for you
We comin' for you
Laughs
Feels so good
I'ma make you love me baby, baby34Embed

As we proceed to give you what you need (Uh)
9-5, motherfuckers
Get live, motherfuckers
As we proceed to give you what you need
9-5, motherfuckers
Get live, motherfuckers (Now turn the mics up)
As we proceed to give you what you need (Turn that mic up)
(Yeah, that beat is knocking, I need that mic up, though)
(Turn that shit the fuck up)
East Coast, motherfuckers (Uh, what?)
Bad Boy, motherfuckers (Turn it up louder, yeah, uh)
As we proceed to give you what you need
J.M., motherfuckers
J.M., motherfuckers (Uh)
9-5, motherfuckers (Uh)

Who shot ya? Separate the weak from the obsolete
Hard to creep them Brooklyn streets
It's on, nigga, fuck all that bickerin' beef
I can hear sweat tricklin' down your cheek
Your heartbeat sound like Sasquatch feet
Thunderin', shakin' the concrete
Then the shit stop when I foil the plot
Neighbors call the cops, said they heard mad shots
Saw me in the drop, three and a quarter
Slaughter, electrical tape around your daughter
Old school, new school need to learn though
I burn, baby, burn, like "Disco Inferno"
Burn slow like blunts with yayo
Peel more skins than Idaho Potato
Niggas know; the lyrical molesting is taking place
Fucking with B.I.G., it ain't safe
I make your skin chafe, rashes on them asses
Bumps and bruises, blunts and Land Cruisers
Big Poppa smash fools, bash fools
Niggas mad because I know that cash rules
Everything around me, two Glock nines
Any motherfucker whispering about mines (And I'm)
And I'm Crooklyn's finest (Crooklyn's finest)
You rewind this, Bad Boy's behind this (Bad Boy's behind this)
You might also like
As we proceed to give you what you need (What?)
9-5, motherfuckers (What?)
Get live, motherfuckers
As we proceed to give you what you need (What?)
East Coast, motherfuckers
Bad Boy, motherfuckers
Get high, motherfuckers
Get high, motherfuckers (Uh, uh)
Smoke blunts, motherfuckers (Uh)
Get high, motherfuckers (9-5, uh)
Ready to die, motherfuckers (Uh)
9-5, motherfuckers (Uh)

I seen the light excite all the freaks
Stack mad chips, spread love with my peeps
Niggas wanna creep, gotta watch my back
Think the Cognac and indo sack make me slack?
I switches all that, cocksucker, G's up
One false move, get Swiss cheesed up
Clip to TEC, respect, I demand it
Slip and break the 11th Commandment
Thou shalt not fuck with nor see Poppa
Feel a thousand deaths when I drop you
I feel for you, like Chaka Khan, I'm the don
Pussy when I want, Rolex on the arm
You'll die slow but calm
Recognize my face so there won't be no mistake
So you know where to tell Jake, lame nigga
Brave nigga, turned front page nigga
Puff Daddy flips daily
I smoke the blunts he sips on the Baileys
On the rocks, tote Glocks at christenings
Hammer cock, in the fire position and—
Come here, come here (It ain't gotta be like that, B.I.G.)
Open your fucking mouth, open your—
Didn't I tell you don't fuck with me? (Come on, man) Huh?
Didn't I tell you not to fuck with me? (Come on, man) Huh?
(Come on, man) Look at you now, huh? (Come on, man)
Can't talk with a gun in your mouth, huh?
Bitch-ass nigga, what?
Who shot ya?

To give you what you need
9-5, motherfuckers
Get live, motherfuckers
Get high, motherfuckers (Who shot ya?)
Ready to die, motherfuckers, hah!
As we proceed (Who shot ya?)
To give you what you need
9-5, motherfuckers
East Coast, motherfucker (Who shot ya?)
West Coast, motherfuckers (Uh)
West Coast, motherfuckers, hah!
As we proceed to give you what you need
As we proceed to give you what you need (As we proceed to give you what you need)
Get live, motherfuckers
Get live, motherfuckers (Get live, motherfuckers)
9-5, motherfuckers (9-5, motherfuckers)
Get money, motherfuckers
As we proceed to give you what you need (As we proceed to give you what you need)
Get live, motherfuckers (Get live, motherfuckers)
9-5, motherfuckers
J.M., motherfuckers
J.M., motherfuckers
As we proceed
To give you what you need
9-5119Embed
Fam, you know what I'm sayin? (No doubt, man)
The motherfuckin shit just get me so motherfuckin' mad
‘Cause, you know, that was my nigga, you know
And like, I had just got the nigga Puff card and shit (yeah)
I knew the shit was 'bout to go down
And my man was like hyping me
'Bout everywhere we go, me and O (pluggin' it)
Me and O be together, and the nigga be like
"Watch, I'm telling you when my man get on, it's gonna be some shit, we ain't gonna have to sell this shit no mo'
I'm telling you" (aight?)
And the nigga just got moked out like that, man (tch)
That shit fucked me up, man
(That shit fucked a whole lot of niggas up, man)
Yo, man, I loved that nigga O too (say word)
That was my motherfuckin' heart

Yeah, dedicating this to my nigga O
We miss you, nigga
Going out to all the young niggas that died in the struggle
Word up, shit is real in the field
You know, sparkin' blunts to all you niggas; word up

Each and every day
Daydreams of how we used to be
See your family
And that baby's lookin' just like you
Why'd you go away?
I've been missin' you lately
Tell me what you're going through, oh yeah (Uhh, uhh)
You might also like
I remember sellin' three bricks of straight flour
Got my man a beat down to the third power
He didn't care, spent the money in a half hour
Got some fishscale, reigned on competition like a shower
Got the coke cooked up, a crackhead Kevin
In '88, when Kane ruled with Half Steppin'
A .38, a lot of mouth was our only weapon
We was kings 'til the D's crept in
And now I'm missin' him

Ooh, I'm missin' you (I'm missin' you)
Tell me why the road turns, why it turns
Ooh, I'm missin' you (Missin' you)
Nah nah nah nah nah
Oh tell me why why why why (Uhh)

We work all week, weekends we play the movies
We rocked flattops, our girls rocked doobies
Made a killin' even though the D's knew me
Eventually, you know they try to do me
Fuck it! Fed up, my nigga wanted to take it down South
Sick of cops coming, sick of throwing jacks in his mouth
Gave him half my paper, told 'em, "Go that route!"
Few months, he got his brain blown out, now I'm stressed
His baby's mother, she trippin', blamin' me
And his older brothers understand the game it be
Kind of topsy-turvy; you win some, you lose some
Damn, they lost a brother, their mother lost a son
Fuck, why my nigga couldn't stay in N.Y.?
I'm a thug, but I swear for three days I cried
I look in the sky and ask God why
Can't look his baby girls in the eye
Damn, I'm missin' him
Ooh, I'm missin' you (I'm missin' you)
Tell me why the road turns, why it turns
(Tell me, tell me why)
Ooh, I'm missin' you (I'm missin' you)
Nah nah nah nah nah
Oh tell me why why
(Tell me, tell me why) why why

There was this girl around the way that made cats drool
Her name Drew, played fools out their money in pool
People swore we was fuckin', but we was just cool
She used to hang while I slang my drugs after school
She watched my bomb, help my moms with the groceries
My little sister, the girl was kinda close to me
A little closer than the average girl's supposed to be
Far from a lover, my girl was jealous of her
Then she started messin' with some major players
Handled keys, niggas called them the Bricklayers
A dread kid, had a baby 'fore that bitch Taya
Found out her baby's father cheating, now Drew, she got to slay her
One night, across from the corner store
Taya ran around the block with a chrome .44
Squeezed all six shots in the passenger door
The dude lived – what my baby had to die for?
I'm missin' her
Ooh, I'm missin' you (I'm missin' you)
Tell me why the road turns, why it turns
(Tell me, tell me why, ooh)
Ooh, I'm missin' you (I'm missin' you)
Nah nah nah nah nah
Oh tell me why why why why (Oh God tell me why)
Ooh, I'm missin' you (Tell me, tell me why)
Tell me why the road turns, why it turns (Ooh ooh)
Ooh, I'm missin' you (Missin' you)
Nah nah nah nah nah
Oh tell me why why why why
Ooh, I'm missin' you
Tell me why the road turns, why it turns
Ooh, I'm missin' you18Embed
("Fuck all you hoes!" Get a grip, motherfucker!)
Yeah, this album is dedicated
To all the teachers that told me I'd never amount to nothin'
To all the people that lived above the buildings that I was hustlin' in front of
Called the police on me when I was just tryin' to make some money to feed my daughter (it's all good)
And all the niggas in the struggle
You know what I'm sayin'? It's all good, baby baby
It was all a dream, I used to read Word Up! magazine
Salt-n-Pepa and Heavy D up in the limousine
Hangin' pictures on my wall
Every Saturday Rap Attack, Mr. Magic, Marley Marl
I let my tape rock 'til my tape popped
Smokin' weed in Bambú, sippin' on Private Stock
Way back, when I had the red and black lumberjack
With the hat to match
Remember Rappin' Duke? Duh-ha, duh-ha
You never thought that hip-hop would take it this far
Now I'm in the limelight 'cause I rhyme tight
Time to get paid, blow up like the World Trade
Born sinner, the opposite of a winner
Remember when I used to eat sardines for dinner
Peace to Ron G, Brucie B, Kid Capri
Funkmaster Flex, Lovebug Starski
I'm blowin' up like you thought I would
Call the crib, same number, same hood, it's all good
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga
You might also like
You know very well (Yeah)
Who you are (Money, hoes and clothes)
Don't let 'em hold you down (Bankrolls, yeah, haha)
Reach for the stars (It's all good)
You had a goal (C'mon)
But not that many (It's all good)
'Cause you're the only one
I'll give you good and plenty (Check it)

I made the change from a common thief
To up close and personal with Robin Leach
And I'm far from cheap, I smoke skunk with my peeps all day
Spread love, it's the Brooklyn way
The Moët and Alizé keep me pissy, girls used to diss me
Now they write letters 'cause they miss me
I never thought it could happen, this rapping stuff
I was too used to packing gats and stuff
Now honeys play me close like butter play toast
From the Mississippi down to the East Coast
Condos in Queens, indo for weeks
Sold out seats to hear Biggie Smalls speak
Living life without fear
Puttin' five karats in my baby girl ear
Lunches, brunches, interviews by the pool
Considered a fool 'cause I dropped out of high school
Stereotypes of a black male misunderstood
And it's still all good
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga
You know very well (C'mon)
Who you are (Bankrolls)
Don't let 'em hold you down (Clothes)
Reach for the stars (Mansions)
You had a goal
But not that many (It's all good)
'Cause you're the only one
I'll give you good and plenty ('94)

Super Nintendo, Sega Genesis
When I was dead broke, man, I couldn't picture this
50-inch screen, money-green leather sofa
Got two rides, a limousine with a chauffeur
Phone bill about two G's flat
No need to worry, my accountant handles that
And my whole crew is loungin'
Celebrating every day, no more public housin'
Thinkin' back on my one-room shack
Now my mom pimps an Ac' with minks on her back
And she loves to show me off of course
Smiles every time my face is up in The Source
We used to fuss when the landlord dissed us
No heat, wonder why Christmas missed us
Birthdays was the worst days
Now we sip Champagne when we thirsty
Uh, damn right I like the life I live
'Cause I went from negative to positive and it's all (It's all good, nigga)
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga
You know very well (Money)
Who you are (Hoes and clothes)
Don't let 'em hold you down (Bankrolls)
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga
Reach for the stars (That's right)
You had a goal (It's all good)
But not that many (All good)
'Cause you're the only one (East coast, represent)
I'll give you good and plenty (C'mon)
And if you don't know, now you know, nigga

Representin' B-Town in the house (Biggie Smalls)
Junior Mafia, mad flavor (Bad Boy)
Uh, uh, yeah, aight (I see you, Cooch)

You know very well
Who you are
Don't let 'em hold you down
Reach for the stars
You had a goal
But not that many
'Cause you're the only one
I'll give you good and plenty

Biggie Smalls, it's all good, nigga
Junior Mafia, it's all good, nigga
Bad Boy, it's all good, nigga
It's all good
That's right, '94
And on and on, and on and on
You know very well
It's all good
Who you are
Yeah
Don't let 'em hold you down
Reach for the stars
390Embed
Yeah

So you wanna be hardcore?
With your hat to the back talkin' 'bout the gats in your raps
But I can't feel that hardcore
Appeal that you're screamin', maybe I'm dreamin'
This ain't Christopher Williams
Still some MC's got to feel one, caps I gotta peel some
To let niggas know (Let 'em know), that if you fuck with Big and Heavy
I get up in that ass like a wedgie
Says who? Says me, the lyrical
Niggas sayin', "Biggie off the street, it's a miracle"
Left the drugs alone, took the thugs along with me!
Just for niggas actin' shifty
Sticks and stones break bones, but the gat'll kill ya quicker
'Specially when I'm drunk off the liquor
Smokin' funk by the boxes, packin' Glockses
It's natural to eat you niggas like chocolates, the funk, baby!

I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
You might also like
All I want is bitches, big booty bitches!
Used to sell crack, so I could stack my riches
Now I pack gats to stop all the snitches
From stayin' in my business, what is this
Relentless approach to know if I'm broke or not?
Just 'cause I joke and smoke a lot
Don't mean I don't tote the Glock
Sixteen shots for my niggas in the pen
Until we motherfuckin' meet again, huh
I'm doin' rhymes now, fuck the crimes now
Come on the Ave., I'm real hard to find now
'Cause I'm knee deep in the beats
In the Land Cruiser Jeep with the MAC-10 by the seats
For the jackers, the jealous-ass crackers in the ****
I'll make you prove that it's bulletproof
Hold your head 'cause when you hit the bricks
I got gin, mad blunts and bitches suckin' dick, the funk, baby!
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk (Uh)
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
So I guess you know the story; the rap side, crack side
How I smoke funk, smack bitches on the backside
Bed-Stuy! The place where my head rests
Fifty-shot clip if a nigga wan' test
The rocket launcher, Biggie stomped ya
High as a motherfuckin' helicopter
That's why I pack a nina, fuck a misdemeanor
Beatin' motherfuckers like Ike beat Tina
"What's love got to do..."
When I'm rippin' all through your whole crew?
Strapped like Bamboo, but I don't sling guns
I got bags of funk and it's sellin' by the tons
Niggas wanna know how I live the mack life!
Makin' money, smokin' mics like crack pipes!
It's type simple and plain to maintain
I add a little funk to the brain, the funk, baby!

I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk
I live for the funk, I'll die for the funk45Embed

Yea though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death
I will fear no evil, for you are with me
Your rod and your staff, they comfort me
You prepare a table for me, in the presence of my enemies
You anoint my head with oil, my cup overflows
Surely goodness and love will follow me all the days of my life
And I will dwell in the house of the Lord forever

Niggas in my faction don't like askin' questions
Strictly gun-testin', coke-measurin'
Givin' pleasure in the Benz-ito
Hittin' fanny, spendin' chips at Manny's
Hope you creeps got receipts, my peeps get dirty like cleats
Run up in your crib, wrap you in your Polo sheets
Six up in your wig-piece, nigga deceased
Muah, may you rest in peace
With my Sycamore style, more sicker than yours
Four-four and fifty-four draw
As my pilot, steers my Lear; yes, my dear
Shit's official, only the Feds I fear
Here's a tissue, stop your blood clot cryin'
The kids, the dog, everybody dyin', no lyin'
So don't you get suspicious
I'm Big dangerous, you're just a Licka Vicious
As I leave my competition, respirator style
Climb the ladder to success escalator style
Hold y'all breath, I told y'all
Death controls y'all, Big don't fold y'all, uhh
I spit phrases that'll thrill you
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
You might also like
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody, 'til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)

Uhh, uhh
Watch Casino, I'm the hip-hop version of Nicky Tarantino
Ask Nino, he know
Green with envy, the green tempts me
To make the rich the enemy, and take their cheese
Take their spots, take their keys, make my faculty
Live happily ever after in laughter
Hah, never seen Cristal pour faster
And to those bastards, knuckleheads squeeze lead
Three of mine dead, nothin' left to do
But tear they ass to shreds, leave 'em in bloodshed
Incidents like this, I take trips
Lay up in Miami with Tamika and Tammy (huh)
Some Creole C-O bitches I met on tour
Push a peach Legend Coupe, gold teeth galore (say what?)
Told me meet 'em in the future later
They'll take me shoppin', buy me lavender and fuschia Gators
Introduce me to playa haters and heavy weighters
Rich bitch shit, drinkin' Cristal 'til they piss the shit, uhh
Thorough bitches, adapt to any borough bitches
Be in spots where they were no bitches, you feel me
Reminisce on dead friends too
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody, 'til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody, 'til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)

Uhh, uhh
You can be the shit, flash the fattest five (that's right)
Have the biggest dick, but when your shell get hit
You ain't worth spit, just a memory
Remember he used to push the champagne Range (I 'member that)
Silly cat, wore suede in the rain
Swear he put the G in game, had the Gucci frame
Before Dana Dane, thought he ran with Kane
I can't recall his name (what was his name?), you mean that kid
That nearly lost half his brain over two bricks of cocaine?
Gettin' his dick sucked by Crackhead Lorraine?
A fuckin' shame, duke's a lame, what's his name?
Dark-skin Jermaine, see what I mean?

You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody, 'til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody 'til somebody kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)
You're nobody, 'til somebody, kills you
(I don't wanna die, God tell me why)34Embed
Yo let— let— let me ask you a question, yo
Yo, would you kill for me?
Hmm, yeah
Uh, the act of making love— (Haa)
What took you so long to answer motherfucker?
I don't know
The fuck wrong with you, bitch?

When I met you, I admit, my first thoughts was to trick
You look so good, huh, I'll suck on your daddy's dick
I never felt that way in my life
It didn't take long before I made you my wife
Got no rings and shit, just my main squeeze
Comin' to the crib, even had a set of keys
During the days you helped me bag up my nickels
In the process, I admit, I tricked a little
But you was my bitch, the one who'd never snitch
Love me when I'm broke or when I'm filthy fuckin' rich
And I admit, when the time is right, the wine is right
I treat you right, you talk slick, I beat you right

Just me and my bitch, me and my bitch
(But you know you love that ass, don't you?)
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch
(Yeah, no question, no question)
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch, yeah
(Yo, let me ask you another question)
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch, yeah
(What?)
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch, yeah
(You been fuckin' 'round on me?)
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch
(Why would I do that?)
Just me and my bitch, me and my bitch, yeah
(Yo, don't lie to me, motherfucker)
Just me and my bitch
You might also like
Moonlight strolls with the hoes, oh, no, that's not my steelo
I wanna bitch that like to play ceelo and craps
Packin' gats in a Coach bag, steamin' dime bags
A real bitch is all I want, all I ever had
With a bop just as strong as me
Totin' guns just as long as me, the bitch belongs with me
Any plans with another bitch, my bitch'll spoil it
One day, she used my toothbrush to clean the toilet
Throwin' my clothes out the windows, so when the wind blows
I see my Polos and Timbos
Hide my car keys so I can't leave
A real slick bitch, keep a trick up her sleeve
And if I deceive, she won't take it lightly
She'll invite me, politely, to fight, G
And then we lie together, cry together
I swear to God I hope we fuckin' die together

Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch, yeah
(Nigga, nigga, if I ever)
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch
(Catch your ass fuckin' around)
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch, yeah
(I'll cut your motherfuckin' dick off)
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch
(Haha)
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch, yeah
(Stop playin')
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch
(I ain't pl— ain't— ain't no jokes, ain't no jokes)
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch, yeah
(Ain't no jokes)
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch
(Yo, don— don't play with my dick)
She helped me plan out my robberies on my enemies
Didn't hesitate to squeeze to get my life out of danger
One day, she put 911 on the pager
Had to call back, whether it's minor or major
No response, the phone just rung
Grab my vest, grab my gun, to find out the problem
When I pulled up, police was on the scene
Had to make the U-turn, make sure my shit was clean
Drove down the block, stashed the burner in the bushes
Stepped to police with the shoves and the pushes
It didn't take long before the tears start
I saw my bitch dead with the gunshot to the heart
And I know it was meant for me
I guess the niggas felt they had to kill the closest one to me
And when I find 'em your life is to an end
They killed my best friend, me and my bitch

Just me and my bitch, me and my bitch, yeah
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch, uh
Just me and my bitch, me and my bitch, yeah
Just me and my bitch, yeah, just me and my bitch, uh
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch, yeah
Just me and my bitch, just me and my bitch
Just me and my bitch, me and my bitch, yeah
Just me and my bitch
Let's get started then
So when did you first start rappin'?
Um, I was like about 18 years old. Yeah, about 18
So how did you first get started? Who influenced you?
Ain't nobody really influenced me, you know what I'm saying?
I was just tired of being on the streets, you know what I'm saying? Had to get up off that, you know
I see. So where you from?
Brooklyn30Embed
I used to get feels on a bitch
Now I throw shields on the dick to stop me from that HIV shit
And niggas know they soft like a Twinkie filling
Playing the villain, prepare for this rap killing
Biggie Smalls is the illest, your style is played out
Like Arnold on that, "What you talking 'bout, Willis?"
The thrill is gone, the Black Frank White
Is here to excite and throw dick to dykes
Bitches I like 'em brainless, guns I like 'em stainless steel
I want the fucking fortune like the Wheel
I squeeze gats 'til my clips is empty
Don't tempt me, you don't want to fuck with the M-E...
...T-H-O-D Man, here I am
I'll be damned if this ain't some shit
Come to spread the butter lyrics over hominy grit
It's the low killer death trap, yes I'm a jet-black ninja
Coming where you rest at, surrender
Step inside the ring, you's the number one contender
Looking cold-booty like your pussy in December
Nigga, stop bitching, button up your lip and
From Method all you getting is a can of ass-whipping
Hey, I'll be kicking you son, you doing all the yapping
Acting as if it can't happen
Your frontin' got me mad enough to touch something
Yo, I'm from Shaolin Island and ain't afraid to bust something
So what you want nigga? You won't nigga
I got a 6-shooter and a horse named Trigger
It's real, '94 rugged-raw
Kickin' down your goddamn door
And it goes a little something like this
You might also like
Fuck the world, don't ask me for shit
Everything you get you gotta work hard for it
(Honeys shake your hips) You don't stop
(And niggas pack the clips) Keep on, bitch

Verse two, coming with that Olde E brew
Meth-tical, putting niggas back in ICU
I'm lifted, troop, you can bring your wack-ass crew
I got connections, I'll get that ass stuck like glue
Huh, no question, I be coming down and shit
Yo I gets rugged as a motherfucking carpet get
And niggas love it, not in the physical form but in the mental
I spark and they cells get warm
I'm not a gentleman, I'm a Method Man
Baby accept it, utmost respect it, and
(Assume the position) Stop look and listen
I spit on your grave then I grab my Charles Dickens, bitch
Welcome to my center, honeys feel it deep in they placenta
Cold as the pole in the winter
Far from the inventor, but I got this rap shit sewed
And when my MAC unloads
I'm guaranteed another video
Ready to die, why I act that way?
Pop duke left mom duke, the faggot took the back way
So instead of making hoes suck my dick up
I used to do stick-ups, 'cause hoes is irritating like the hiccups
Excuse me, flows just grow through me
Like trees to branches, cliffs to avalanches
It's the praying mantis, deep like the mind of Farrakhan
A motherfucking rap phenomenon, plus
(I got more Glocks and TECs than you)
I make it hot, (niggas won't even stand next to you)
Nigga touch me you better bust me three times in the head
Or motherfucker's dead, you thought so
Fuck the world, don't ask me for shit
And everything you get you gotta work hard for it
(Honeys shake your hips) You don't stop
(And niggas pack the clips) Keep on, bitch
Fuck the world, don't ask me for shit
Everything you get you gotta work hard for it
(Honeys shake your hips) You don't stop
(And niggas pack the clips) Keep on, bitch

Junior M.A.F.I.A. clique in full effect (Yeah, what the fuck you want, nigga?)
Ah, yeah, hell yeah (Biggie Smalls and Meth-tical)
Bedford–Stuyvesant the livest one (9-4 coming at you raw)
My borough is thorough (Shaolin Island, yeah)
Recognize (Yeah)52Embed

Yo!
Yo Big, wake up, wake up baby
Mmm, yo...
Yo Big, wake yo' ass up c'mon
I'm up! I'm up. I'm up, I'm up
Big, wake up!
I'm up Diddy, what the fuck, man? What's up?
C'mon now it's a quarter to six we got the 7:30 flight
Mmm, (mumbling) yeah
Yo Big, Big, Big
I'm up, yeah I hear you dog, I hear you, alright, 7:30
Yo take down this information
Ain't no pen
Tell your girl then to remember it or somethin'. Can you do that?
Aight honey, yeah write this down
Aight, uhm, flight five-oh-four
Five-oh-four
Leaving Kennedy
Kennedy
Goin' to L-A-X
Whoa. Cali?
No doubt baby, you know we gotta get this paper
Ahh, no doubt, aight
You aight?
I'm up, I'm up
Yo Big
I'm up, man
Flight five-oh-four
Alright 7:30 I'ma meet you at the airport
California
Yeah
You might also like
Uhh, when the la-la hits ya lyrics just splits ya
Head so hard, that your hat can't fit you
Either I'm with ya or against ya
Format bent 'cha, back through that maze I sent ya
Talking to the rap inventor
Nigga with the game tight, fifth that flame right
Spell my name right, B-I, double-G, I-E
Iced out, lights out, me and Cease-A-Leo
Getting head from some chick he know
See it's all about the cheddar, nobody do it better
Going back to Cali, strictly for the weather
Women and the weed, sticky green
No seeds bitch please, Poppa ain't soft
Dead up in the hood, ain't no love lost
Got me mixed up, you drunk them licks up
Mad 'cause I got my dick sucked
And my balls licked, forfeit, the game is mine
I'ma spell my name one more time, check it
It's the, N-O, T-O, R-I, O
U-S, you just, lay down, slow
Recognize a real Don when you see one
Sipping on booze in the House of Blues

I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
If I got to choose a coast, I got to choose the East
I live out there, so don't go there
But that don't mean a nigga can't rest in the West
See some nice breast in the West
Smoke some nice sess in the West, y'all niggas is a mess
Thinking I'm gon stop, giving L.A props
All I got is beef with those that violate me
I shall annihilate thee
Case closed, suitcase filled with clothes
Linens and things, I begin things
Beeper start to flash, 818's, 213's
313's, B.I.G
Frequently floss hoes at Roscoe's
If I wanna squirt her, take her to Fatburger
Spend about a week on Venice Beach
Sippin Crist-o, with some freaks from Frisco

I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)

Cali got gunplay, models on the runway
Scream Biggie Biggie gimme One More Chance
I be whipping on the freeway, the NYC way
On the celly-celly with my homeboy Lance
Pass hash from left to right
Only got five blunts left to light, I'm set tonight
Met a bitch at the Versace store
Said she suck it 'til I ain't got no more, only in L.A
Bust on bitches be-lly, rub it in they tummy
Lick it, say it's yummy, then fuck your man
What's your plan, is it to rock the Tri-State?
Almost gold, five Gs a show date
Or do you wanna see about seven digits?
Fuck hoes exquisite, Cali, great place to visit
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)29Embed
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9

It's the ten crack commandments, what?
Nigga can't tell me nothing about this coke
Can't tell me nothing about this crack, this weed, for my hustlin' niggas
Niggas on the corner I ain't forget you niggas, my triple beam niggas

I've been in this game for years, it made me a animal
There's rules to this shit, I wrote me a manual
A step-by-step booklet for you to get
Your game on track, not your wig pushed back
Rule Nombre Uno: never let no one know
How much dough you hold 'cause you know
The cheddar breed jealousy 'specially
If that man fucked up, get yo' ass stuck up
Number Two: never let 'em know your next move
Don't you know bad boys move in silence and violence?
Take it from your highness (Uh-huh)
I done squeezed mad clips at these cats for they bricks and chips
Number Three: never trust nobody
Your moms'll set that ass up, properly gassed up
Hoodied and masked up, shit, for that fast buck
She be laying in the bushes to light that ass up
Number Four: I know you heard this before
"Never get high on your own supply"
Number Five: never sell no crack where you rest at
I don't care if they want an ounce, tell 'em, "Bounce!"
Number Six: that goddamn credit? Dead it
You think a crackhead paying you back? Shit, forget it
Seven: this rule is so underrated
Keep your family and business completely separated
Money and blood don't mix like two dicks and no bitch
Find yourself in serious shit
Number Eight: never keep no weight on you
Them cats that squeeze your guns can hold jums too
Number Nine shoulda been Number One to me:
If you ain't gettin' bagged, stay the fuck from police
If niggas think you snitchin', they ain't tryna listen
They be sittin' in your kitchen, waiting to start hittin'
Number Ten: a strong word called 'consignment'
Strictly for live men, not for freshmen
If you ain't got the clientele, say, "Hell no!"
'Cause they gon' want they money rain, sleet, hail, snow
Follow these rules you'll have mad bread to break up
If not, twenty-four years on the wake up
Slug hit your temple, watch your frame shake up
Caretaker did your makeup, when you passed
Your girl fucked my man Jake up
Heard in three weeks, she sniffed a whole half a cake up
Heard she suck a good dick, and can hook a steak up
Gotta go, gotta go, more pies to bake up, word up (Uh)
You might also like
Crack King, Frank Wiz-zhite

(1, 2, 3, 5, 6, 7, 8
1, 1, 2, 3, 4, 5
1, 1, 1, 1, 1, 2, 3, 4, 4, 5
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9
10.......10)105Embed
Hi; my name is T'yana Wallace, and I wanna thank all my dad’s fans and friends.
Yes, he was The Notorious B.I.G., but to me, he was just my dad.
I love him and I miss him a lot.Embed
We here
We ain't going nowhere

Y'all motherfuckers don't know what beef is

Ha ha ha ha ha, check out this bizarre
Rapper style used by me, the B.I.G
I put my key you put your key in, money we'll be seeing
Will reach the fucking ceiling, check it
My Calico been cocked, this rap Alfred Hitchcock
Drop top notch playa hating won't stop
This instant, rappers too persistent
Quick to spit Biggie name on shit
Make my name taste like ass when you speak it
See me in the street your jewelry you can keep it
That'll be our little secret
See me B that is, I that is G whiz
Motherfuckers still in my biz
Hope they know my nigga Gutter fucking kidnap kids
Fuck em in the ass, throw em over the bridge
That's how it is, my shit is laid out
Fuck that beef shit, that shit is played out
Y'all got to go, all I make is one phone call
All y'all disapear by tomorrow
All your guns is borrowed, I don't feel sorrow
Actually your man passed the gat to me, now check this
You might also like
What's beef, beef is when you need two gats to go to sleep
Beef is when your moms ain't safe up in the streets
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU
What's beef, beef is when you make your enemies start your Jeep
Beef is when you roll no less than thirty deep
Beef is when I see you
Guaranteed to be in ICU
Check it

I done clapped at the best of them
Been caused the death of them
These dudes don't want no more, shit is affecting them
Tops popped off, them niggas from the bridge
Just be, wildlin' on you line that red dot on you, (take that)
Don't know or warn you, catch them all hogged up
Sober that ass up with clips, the ratchet spit
Number one with the buddhaka, henny-sour diesel
Ain't no telling what I do to ya
It's obvious ma you ain't fucking keep it moving ma

Pow, pow, pow, pow, pow they shot 'em in their cars
I wish I was there, I would of shot back all em'
They fire return fire put it right back on em'
Sacrifice myself for you no problem, (no problem)
In the flames I burn for my niggas that's gone
And the niggas that took the hits on my niggas you been warned
P's not the one, Hav not the one
You try to run up on us, we already busting the guns

They'll be nothin but smooth sailing (talk to em)
When I spit shots, now your crew's bailing (y'all don't know what beef is)
All I got is heat and tough talk for you
Tie you up, cut your balls off just for you
Man this is straight torture, look what that slick shit bought ya (c'mon)
A first class ticket to Lucifer, real name Christopher (yea, Chris)
Watch me set it off like Vivica (c'mon that's right)
Here lies your demise, close your eyes (close your eyes)
Think good thoughts, die while your skin start to glisten
Pale blue hands get cold, your soul's risen (damn)
It's bad cause I just begun
What make the shit real bad I was having fun (hahaha)


Attention MCs........Attention MCs
Beef doesn't happen on records
Beef does not happen on records
You don't know what beef is, (you don't know what beef is)
You don't want no beef you fucking fake studio ass gangsta
Rapping motherfuckers!, (c'mon man)
Fuck outta here!, (fuck outta here)
Beef is B.I.G. not being here, (b.i.g. we miss you)
Beef is your love ones not being here, (we miss you)
Beef is every so-called ghetto superstar that rose
To the top and dropped just as quickly, (that's beef)
On some bullshit
What's beef 2006?
What's beef (that's beef)
Y'all motherfuckers don't know what beef is, (that's beef)
Fuck all y'all (bitches)
Bad Boy Bitch we still here3Embed
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right? (Uh)
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side (Yeah)
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side (Yeah)
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?

Remember back in the days when niggas had waves
Cazal shades and corn braids?
Pitching pennies, honeys had the high-top jellies
Shooting skelly, motherfuckers was all friendly
Lounging at the barbecues, drinking brews
With the neighborhood crews hanging on the avenues
Turn your pages to 1993
Niggas is getting smoked, G, believe me
Talk slick, you get your neck slit quick
'Cause real street niggas ain't having that shit
Totin' TECs for rep
Smoking blunts in the project hallways
Shooting dice all day
Waitin' for niggas to step up on some fightin' shit
We get hype and shit and start lightin' shit
So step away with your fistfight ways
Motherfucker, this ain't back in the days
But you don't hear me though
You might also like
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?

No more coco-levio one, two, three
One, two, three, all it is to me is a mystery
I hear you motherfuckers talk about it
But I stay seeing bodies with the motherfuckin' chalk around it
And I'm down with the shit, too
For the stupid motherfuckers want to try to use Kung-Fu
Instead of a MAC-10, he tried scrappin'
Slugs in his back and that's what the fuck happens
When you sleep on the street
Little motherfuckers with heat wanna leave a nigga six feet deep
And we coming to the wake
To make sure the crying and commotion ain't a motherfucking fake
Back in the days our parents used to take care of us
Look at 'em now, they even fuckin' scared of us
Calling the city for help because they can't maintain
Damn, shit done changed
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?

If I wasn't in the rap game
I'd probably have a ki, knee-deep in the crack game
Because the streets is a short stop
Either you're slingin' crack rock or you got a wicked jump shot
Shit, it's hard being young from the slums
Eatin' five cent gums, not knowing where your meal's coming from
And now the shit's getting crazier and major
Kids younger than me, they got the Sky brand pagers
Goin' out of town, blowing up
Six months later, all the dead bodies showing up
It make me wanna grab the nine and the shotty
But I gotta go identify the body
Damn, what happened to the summertime cookouts?
Every time I turn around, a nigga gettin' took out
Shit, my mama got cancer in her breast
Don't ask me why I'm motherfucking stressed, things done changed
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?
Back in the day
Things done changed on this side
Remember they used to thump, but now they blast, right?35Embed
As I sit back relax, steam a blunt, sip a Becks
Think about the sexy singers that I wanna sex
I'd probably go to jail for fucking Patti LaBelle
Ooh, Regina Belle, she'd probably do me swell
Jasmine Guy was fly, Mariah Carey's kinda scary
Wait a minute, what about my honey, Mary?
Them jeans, they fitting like a glove
I had a crush on you since Real Love, huh
Hold your horses
I'ma show you who the boss of intercourse is
Sex, I'm taking no losses
Even groups like SWV and TLC can't see B.I.G. with telepathy
The recipe, a pinch of hardcore with a gun
Pimpin' ain't easy, but it sure is fun
When I bust my nuts I bust 'em one by one
So what's the 4-1-1, hun?

Dreams of fuckin' an R&B bitch (I'm just playin', but I'm sayin')
Dreams of fuckin' an R&B bitch (I'm just playin', I'm sayin')
Dreams of fuckin' an R&B bitch (I'm just playin', but I'm sayin')
Dreams of fuckin' an R&B bitch (I'm just playin', I'm sayin')

I'll put Chanté Moore pussy in stitches
I'll fuck RuPaul before I fuck them ugly-ass Xscape bitches
You can 76 the 69, try 68
Make Raven-Symoné call date rape
Only 'cause I'm paid, I'm fucking all of Jade
And my DJ Zhané, he likes it when they say
"Everybody move your body"
Got Whitney Houston boosting from Bobby
As I bust the cherry of Monica and Terri
Back shots to Chaka, I know that pussy hairy
Sade, ooh, I know that pussy tight
Smack Tina Turner give her flashbacks of Ike
Smoke a stoge, fuckin' En Vogue because it's four of them
Jimmy hats for Patra, I'm using all of them
(What about Toni Braxton?)
If that bitch give me action, guaranteed satisfaction
You might also like
Dreams of fuckin' an R&B bitch (I'm just playin', but I'm sayin')
Dreams of fuckin' an R&B bitch (I'm just playin', I'm sayin')
Dreams of fuckin' an R&B bitch (I'm just playin', but I'm sayin')
Dreams of fuckin' an R&B bitch (I'm just playin', but I'm sayin')

You know what I'm sayin', Tim, man?
I ain't tryna diss the honeys
You know what I'm sayin'? (I'm just playin', I'm sayin')
I just be buggin', you know what I'm sayin'?
I ain't tryna disrespect nobody, you know?
I'm just buggin' out, you know? (I'm just playin', but I'm sayin')
You know the flavor of the Junior M.A.F.I.A. clique
Know what I'm sayin'?
Buttnaked Tim Dawg in the motherfuckin' house
I'm just playin' (I'm just playin', but I'm sayin')
We're just havin' a little fun
Ain't no harm done, B (I'm just playin', I'm sayin')
But I would hit all of y'all20Embed
Yeah, yeah, you ready, motherfucker?
We gonna kill your ass, kill your ass
I'm ready

As I grab the Glock, put it to your headpiece
One in the chamber, the safety is off, release
Straight at your dome, holmes, I wanna see cabbage
Biggie Smalls the savage, doin' your brain cells much damage
Teflon is the material for the imperial
Mic ripper, girl stripper, the Henny sipper
I drop lyrics off and on like a light switch
Quick to grab the right bitch and make her drive the Q-45
Glocks and TEC's are expected when I wreck shit
Respect is collected, so check it!
I got techniques drippin' out my butt cheeks
Sleep on my stomach so I don't fuck up my sheets, huh
My shit is deep, deeper than my grave, G
I'm ready to die, and nobody can save me
Fuck the world, fuck my moms and my girl
My life is played out like a Jheri curl
I'm ready to die!

Yes, I'm ready
Yes, I'm ready
Yes, I'm ready
So die, motherfuckers, die, motherfuckers, die
You might also like
As I sit back and look when I used to be a crook
Doin' whatever it took, from snatchin' chains to pocketbooks
A big bad motherfucker on the wrong road
I got some drugs, tried to get the avenue sold
I want it all from the Rolexes to the Lexus
Gettin' paid is all I expected
My mother didn't give me what I want, what the fuck?!
Now I've got a Glock makin' motherfuckers duck
Shit is real and hungry's how I feel
I rob and steal because that money got that whip appeal
Kickin' niggas down the steps just for rep
Any repercussion lead to niggas gettin' wet
The infrared's at your head real steady
You better grab your guns 'cause I'm ready

Yes, I'm ready
Yes, I'm ready
I'm ready to die
Yes, I'm ready
So die motherfuckers, die motherfuckers, die
Nah, we ain't gonna kill your ass yet, we gonna make you suffer

In a sec, I throw the TEC to your fuckin' neck
Everybody hit the deck, Biggie 'bout to get some wreck
Quick to leave you in a coffin for slick talkin'
You better act like CeCe, and keep on walkin'
When I hit ya, I split ya to the white meat
You swung a left, you swung a right, you fell to the concrete
Your face, my feet, they meet with stompin'
I'm rippin' MC's from Tallahassee to Compton
Biggie Smalls on a higher plane
Niggas say I'm strange, deranged because I put the 12 gauge to your brain
Make your shit splatter
Mix the blood like batter then my pocket gets fatter
After the hit, leave you on the street with your neck slit
Down your backbone to where your motherfuckin' shit drip
The shit I kick rippin' through the vest, Biggie Smalls passin' any test
I'm ready to die!
Yes, I'm ready
Yes, I'm ready
I'm ready
Yes, I'm ready
Time to go, we gon' put you out your misery, motherfucker
Niggas definitely know what time it is (Yes, I'm ready)
The Notorious one in full effect for '93 (Yes, I'm ready)
Uhh, uhh Yes, I'm ready
Suicidal, I'm ready!
So die, motherfuckers, die, motherfuckers, die
Yes, I'm ready
So die, motherfuckers, die, motherfuckers, die

Now I lay me down to sleep (Yeah)
Pray the Lord my soul to keep
If I should die before I wake
I pray the Lord my soul to take
'Cause I'm ready to die
(I'm ready, I'm ready)
All y'all motherfuckers come with me if you want to
(I'm ready, I'm ready, I'm ready)
Biggie Smalls the biggest man
(I'm Ready)
Rockin' on and on in '93, Easy Mo Bee
Third Eye and the rest of the Bad Boy fam
I don't wanna see no cryin' at my funeral53Embed
Hello?
Aw shit, nigga! The fuck time is it, man?
Oh, God damn
Nigga, do you know what time it is?
Aw shit, what the fuck's goin' on?
You aight?
Ah, nigga, what the fuck is wrong with you?

When I die, fuck it, I wanna go to hell
'Cause I'm a piece of shit, it ain't hard to fuckin' tell (What you talkin' 'bout, man?)
It don't make sense, goin' to heaven with the goodie-goodies
Dressed in white, I like black Timbs and black hoodies (Aw, man)
God'll probably have me on some real strict shit
No sleepin' all day, no gettin' my dick licked
Hangin' with the goodie-goodies, loungin' in paradise
Fuck that shit, I wanna tote guns and shoot dice (You talkin' some crazy shit now, nigga)
All my life I been considered as the worst
Lyin' to my mother, even stealin' out her purse (Ah)
Crime after crime, from drugs to extortion
I know my mother wish she got a fuckin' abortion
She don't even love me like she did when I was younger (Yo, get a hold of yourself, nigga)
Suckin' on her chest just to stop my fuckin' hunger
I wonder; if I died, would tears come to her eyes?
Forgive me for my disrespect, forgive me for my lies (You're buggin', B)
My baby mother's eight months, her little sister's two
Who's to blame for both of them? (Nah, nigga, not you)
I swear to God I want to just slit my wrists and end this bullshit
Throw the Magnum to my head, threaten to pull shit (Nigga, what the fuck?)
And squeeze until the bed's completely red (It's too late for this shit, man)
I'm glad I'm dead, a worthless fuckin' buddha head
The stress is buildin' up, I can't— I can't believe (Ayo, I'm on my way over there, man)
Suicide's on my fuckin' mind, I wanna leave
I swear to God I feel like death is fuckin' callin' me
But nah, you wouldn't understand
Nigga, talk to me please, man!
You see, it's kinda like the crack did to Pookie in New Jack
Except when I cross over, there ain't no comin' back (Ayo, ayo, man, I'm out)
Should I die on the train track like Ramo in Beat Street? (I'ma call you when I get in the car)
People at the funeral frontin' like they miss me (Ayo, where your girl at, man?)
My baby mama kiss me, but she glad I'm gone (Yo, put your girl on the phone, nigga!)
She know me and her sister had somethin' goin' on
I reach my peak, I can't speak (Ayo, you listenin' to me, motherfucker?)
Call my nigga Chic, tell him that my will is weak (Ayo, c'mon, nigga)
I'm sick of niggas lyin' (Cut that), I'm sick of bitches hawkin' (Ayo)
Matter of fact, I'm sick of talkin' (Nigga, yo, yo, Big! Ayo, chill!)
*Gunshot*
Ayo, Big! Ayo, Big!
You might also like
Please hang up and try your call again
Please hang up— Is a recording253Embed
When you talk about... New York...
The first thing that comes to your mind is B.I.G., like...
That's the king! I don't think there's no other king out there
Nobody could take that, that, that crown from him right there!
The legacy of B.I.G. is something real deep, man
Go back to a bunch of roots, man, Notorious about family and keepin' it tight
That, that's one of the best that ever did it!
Represented what he represented, did what he did
Youkno'Imean?
He put Brooklyn on his back
He represented the hood, he represented New york City
Respect to my dude, man!
I love you man!
Just like you hear, man
B.I.G. Forever... youkno'Imean?
M.A.F.I.A. Gang!
Rest In Peace B.I.G.!You might also likeEmbed
My name is Christopher C.J. Wallace
My dad was the greatest rapper ever
And his legacy lives onYou might also likeEmbed
What about ten years from now?
Ten years from now, where do I want to be?
I wanna be... just livin', man
Just living comfortably with my niggas, man
In a pool and shit, smoking plenty indo, you know I'm saying?
I got my wife, just lounging with my wife, you know I'm saying?
With my daughter, her daughter, you know
Just laid back, just chillin', you know I'm saying?
Living all my niggas is living where I think I be?
Ten years, I don't think I will see it
For real dog, for real, man
That shit ain't promised, man
I don't think my luck is that good, I hope it is
But if it ain't, so be it, I'm ready
(You're dead wrong)

The weak or the strong
Who got it going on?
You're dead wrong
You might also like1Embed
Let's say there are many times I looked,
and saw reflections of my son.
I argued sometimes, consulted;
I saw results, and said "Well done."
I thought of him constantly,
and silently asked "Why?"
I tried fervently,
and just cannot say goodbye.
I lived with visions twined and twisted,
passion so cold,
and withered thoughts, battered and shattered.
I dreamed dreams.
Cherished memories.
Housed friendship,
and promises that mattered.
In the end,
time is treasured;
But love for my son?
It's everlasting.Embed
Uh, uh, (Uh, come on)

Ha, sicker than your average, Poppa twist cabbage off instinct
Niggas don't think shit stink
Pink gators, my Detroit players
Timbs for my hooligans in Brooklyn (That’s right)
Dead right, if the head right, Biggie there e'ry night
Poppa been smooth since days of Underoos
Never lose, never choose to, bruise crews who
Do somethin' to us, talk go through us (Come on, do it)
Girls walk to us, wanna do us, screw us
Who, us? Yeah, Poppa and Puff (He, he)
Close like Starsky and Hutch, stick the clutch
Dare I squeeze three at your cherry M-3 (Take that, take that, take that, ha ha!)
Bang every MC easily, busily
Rеcently niggas frontin’, ain't sayin' nothin' (Nothin')
So I just speak my piecе, keep my peace (Come on)
Cubans with the Jesus piece, with my peeps (Thank you)
Packin', askin', "Who want it?", you got it, nigga, flaunt it
That Brooklyn bullshit, we on it

Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that’s why they broke, and you’re so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see? (Uh-huh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (Hypnotize)
And I just love your flashy ways (Uh-huh)
Guess that’s why they broke, and you're so paid (Ha)
You might also like
I put hoes in NY onto DKNY (Uh-huh)
Miami, D.C. prefer Versace (That's right)
All Philly hoes go with Moschino (Come on)
Every cutie with a booty bought a Coogi
Now who's the real dookie? Meaning, who’s really the shit?
Them niggas ride dicks, Frank White push the six
Or the Lexus, LX, four and a half
Bulletproof glass, tints if I want some ass
Gonna blast, squeeze first, ask questions last
That's how most of these so-called gangsters pass
At last, a nigga rappin' about blunts and broads
Tits and bras, ménage à trois, sex in expensive cars
I'll still leave you on the pavement
Condo paid for, no car payment (Uh-uh)
At my arraignment, note for the plaintiff
"Your daughter's tied up in a Brooklyn basement"
Face it, not guilty, that's how I stay filthy (Not Guilty)
Richer than Richie, 'til you niggas come and get me (Come on)

Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see? (Uh-huh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (Hypnotize)
And I just love your flashy ways (Uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
I can fill you with real millionaire shit (I can fill ya)
Escargot, my car go one-sixty, swiftly (Come on)
Wreck it, buy a new one
Your crew run-run-run, your crew run-run
I know you sick of this, name brand nigga with
Flows, girls say he's sweet like licorice
So, get with this nigga, it's easy (Uh-huh)
Girlfriend, here's a pen, call me round ten
Come through, have sex on rugs that's Persian (That's right)
Come up to your job, hit you while you workin'
For certain, Poppa freakin', not speakin'
Leave that ass leakin', like rapper demo
Tell them ho take they clothes off slowly (Slowly)
Hit 'em with the force like Obi (Obi)
Dick black like Toby (Toby)
Watch me roam like Romey (Romey)
Lucky they don't owe me
Where the safe? Show me, homie (Say what, homie)

Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see? (Uh-huh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (Hypnotize)
And I just love your flashy ways (Uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see? (Uh-huh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (Hypnotize)
And I just love your flashy ways (Uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paidEmbed
Take that, take that, take that
Uh, uh, (Uh, come on)

Ha, sicker than your average, Poppa twist cabbage off instinct
Niggas don't think shit stink
Pink gators, my Detroit players
Timbs for my hooligans in Brooklyn (That's right)
Dead right, if the head right, Biggie there e'ry night
Poppa been smooth since days of Underoos
Never lose, never choose to, bruise crews who
Do somethin' to us, talk go through us (Come on, do it)
Girls walk to us, wanna do us, screw us
Who, us? Yeah, Poppa and Puff (He, he)
Close like Starsky and Hutch, stick the clutch
Dare I squeeze three at your cherry M-3 (Take that, take that, take that, ha ha!)
Bang every MC easily, busily
Recently niggas frontin', ain't sayin' nothin' (Nothin')
So I just speak my piece, keep my peace (Come on)
Cubans with the Jesus piece, with my peeps (Thank you)
Packin', askin', "Who want it?", You got it, nigga, flaunt it
That Brooklyn bullshit, we on it

Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see? (Uh-huh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (Hypnotize)
And I just love your flashy ways (Uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid (Ha)
You might also like
I put hoes in NY onto DKNY (Uh-huh)
Miami, D.C. prefer Versace (That's right)
All Philly hoes go with Moschino (Come on)
Every cutie with a booty bought a Coogi
Now who's the real dookie? Meaning, who's really the shit?
Them niggas ride dicks, Frank White push the six
Or the Lexus, LX, four and a half
Bulletproof glass, tints if I want some ass
Gonna blast, squeeze first, ask questions last
That's how most of these so-called gangsters pass
At last, a nigga rappin' about blunts and broads
Tits and bras, ménage à trois, sex in expensive cars
I'll still leave you on the pavement
Condo paid for, no car payment (Uh-uh)
At my arraignment, note for the plaintiff
"Your daughter's tied up in a Brooklyn basement"
Face it, not guilty, that's how I stay filthy (Not Guilty)
Richer than Richie, 'til you niggas come and get me (Come on)

Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see? (Uh-huh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (Hypnotize)
And I just love your flashy ways (Uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
I can fill you with real millionaire shit (I can fill ya)
Escargot, my car go one-sixty, swiftly (Come on)
Wreck it, buy a new one
Your crew run-run-run, your crew run-run
I know you sick of this, name brand nigga with
Flows, girls say he's sweet like licorice
So, get with this nigga, it's easy (Uh-huh)
Girlfriend, here's a pen, call me round ten
Come through, have sex on rugs that's Persian (That's right)
Come up to your job, hit you while you workin'
For certain, Poppa freakin', not speakin'
Leave that ass leakin', like rapper demo
Tell them ho take they clothes off slowly (Slowly)
Hit 'em with the force like Obi (Obi)
Dick black like Toby (Toby)
Watch me roam like Romey (Romey)
Lucky they don't owe me
Where the safe? Show me, homie (Say what, homie)

Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see? (Uh-huh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (Hypnotize)
And I just love your flashy ways (Uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see? (Uh-huh)
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me (Hypnotize)
And I just love your flashy ways (Uh-huh)
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paid
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your flashy ways
Guess that's why they broke, and you're so paidEmbed

Now, who's hot, who not?
Tell me who rock, who sell out in the stores?
You tell me who flopped, who copped the blue drop?
Whose jewels got rocks?
Who's mostly Dolce down to the tube sock?
The same old pimp, Mase
You know ain't nothing change but my limp
Can't stop till I see my name on a blimp
Guarantee a million sales, call it love or luck
You don't believe in Harlem World, nigga, double up
We don't play around, it's a bet, lay it down
Niggas didn't know me '91, bet they know me now
I'm the young Harlem nigga with the Goldie sound
Can't no Ph.D. niggas hold me down
Cudda schooled me to the game, now I know my duty
Stay humble, stay low, blow like Hootie
True pimp niggas spend no dough on the booty
And then you yell, "There go Mase!", there go your cutie

I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
You might also like
I'm the D to the A to the D-D-Y
Know you'd rather see me die than to see me fly
I call all the shots, rip all the spots
Rock all the rocks, cop all the drops
I know you thinking now, "When all the ballin' stops?"
Nigga never home, gotta call me on the yacht
Ten years from now we'll still be on top
Yo, I thought I told you that we won't stop
Now what you gon' do with a crew
That got money much longer than yours
And a team much stronger than yours?
Violate me, this'll be your day, we don't play
Mess around, be D.O.A., be on your way
‘Cause it ain't enough time here
Ain't enough lime here for you to shine here
Deal with many women but treat dimes fair
And I'm bigger than the city lights down in Times Square
Yea, yea, yea

I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
B-I-G P-O-P-P-A
No info for the DEA
Federal agents mad ‘cause I'm flagrant
Tap my cell and the phone in the basement
My team supreme, stay clean
Triple beam lyrical dream, I be that
Cat you see at all events bent
Gats in holsters, girls on shoulders
Playboy, I told ya, mere mics to me
Bruise too much, I lose too much
Step on stage, the girls boo too much
I guess it's ‘cause you run with lame dudes too much
Me lose my touch? Never that!
If I did, ain't no problem to get the gat
Where the true players at? Throw your Rolies in the sky
Wave 'em side to side and keep your hands high
While I give your girl the eye, player, please
Lyrically, niggas see B.I.G be flossin’
Jig on the cover of Fortune, 5-double-O
Here's my phone number, your man ain't got to know
I got the dough, got the flow down pizat
Platinum plus like thizat
Dangerous on trizacks, leave your ass flizat

I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
What's going on? (What's going on?)
Somebody tell me (What's going on?)

I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see89Embed
Now, who's hot, who not?
Tell me who rock, who sell out in the stores?
You tell me who flopped, who copped the blue drop?
Whose jewels got rocks?
Who's mostly Dolce down to the tube sock?
The same old pimp, Mase
You know ain't nothing change but my limp
Can't stop till I see my name on a blimp
Guarantee a million sales, call it love or luck
You don't believe in Harlem World, nigga, double up
We don't play around, it's a bet, lay it down
Niggas didn't know me '91, bet they know me now
I'm the young Harlem nigga with the Goldie sound
Can't no Ph.D. niggas hold me down
Cudda schooled me to the game, now I know my duty
Stay humble, stay low, blow like Hootie
True pimp niggas spend no dough on the booty
And then you yell, "There go Mase!", there go your cutie

I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

I'm the D to the A to the D-D-Y
Know you'd rather see me die than to see me fly
I call all the shots, rip all the spots
Rock all the rocks, cop all the drops
I know you thinking now, "When all the ballin' stops?"
Nigga never home, gotta call me on the yacht
Ten years from now we'll still be on top
Yo, I thought I told you that we won't stop
Now what you gon' do with a crew
That got money much longer than yours
And a team much stronger than yours?
Violate me, this'll be your day, we don't play
Mess around, be D.O.A., be on your way
‘Cause it ain't enough time here
Ain't enough lime here for you to shine here
Deal with many women but treat dimes fair
And I'm bigger than the city lights down in Times Square
Yea, yea, yea
You might also like
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

B-I-G P-O-P-P-A
No info for the DEA
Federal agents mad ‘cause I'm flagrant
Tap my cell and the phone in the basement
My team supreme, stay clean
Triple beam lyrical dream, I be that
Cat you see at all events bent
Gats in holsters, girls on shoulders
Playboy, I told ya, mere mics to me
Bruise too much, I lose too much
Step on stage, the girls boo too much
I guess it's ‘cause you run with lame dudes too much
Me lose my touch? Never that!
If I did, ain't no problem to get the gat
Where the true players at? Throw your Rolies in the sky
Wave 'em side to side and keep your hands high
While I give your girl the eye, player, please
Lyrically, niggas see B.I.G be flossin’
Jig on the cover of Fortune, 5-double-O
Here's my phone number, your man ain't got to know
I got the dough, got the flow down pizat
Platinum plus like thizat
Dangerous on trizacks, leave your ass flizat
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see

What's going on? (what's going on?)
Somebody tell me (what's going on?)

I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we see
I don't know what they want from me
It's like the more money we come across
The more problems we seeEmbed
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen
How's everybody doin' tonight? (Alright)
I'd like to welcome to the stage (Alright, alright)
The lyrically acclaimed (Woo), ha (Woo)
I like this young man
Because when he came out (Hahahaha), he came out with the phrase
"He went from ashy to classy," haha, I like that (Alright, alright)
So everybody in the house give a warm (Uh)
Round of applause for The Notorious B.I.G. (Ha)
The Notorious B.I.G, ladies and gentlemen, give it up for him, y'all (Uh)

A **** nevеr been as broke as me, I like that
Whеn I was young, I had two pair of Lees, besides that
The pinstripes and the gray
The one I wore on Mondays and Wednesdays
While **** flirt, I'm sewin' tigers on my shirts, and alligators
You wanna see the inside? Huh, I'll see ya later
Here come the drama, "Oh, that's that **** with the fake"
Blaow, "Why you punch me in my face?" Stay in your place
Play your position (Uh), here come my intuition (Uh-huh)
Go in this **** pocket, rob him while his friends watchin'
And **** clockin', here comes respect
His crew's your crew, or they might be next
Look at they man eye, big man, they never try
So we rolled with 'em, stole with 'em
I mean loyalty, **** bought me milks at lunch
The milks was chocolate, the cookies, butter crunch
'88 Oshkosh and blue and white Dunks, pass the blunt
You might also like
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can
Have what you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can
Have what you want, be what you want
Have what you want, be what you want

I was ashamed, my crew was lame
I had enough heart for most of 'em long as I got stuff from most of 'em
It's on, even when I was wrong, I got my point across
They depicted me the boss, of course
My orange box-cutter make the world go 'round
Plus I'm ****, **** ain't my homegirls now
Start stackin', dabbled in ****, **** packin'
Nickname Medina, made the seniors tote my ninas
From gym class to Inglés, pass off a global
The only **** with a mobile, can't you see like Total?
Gettin' larger in waists and tastes
Ain't no tellin' where this felon is headin', just in case
Keep a shell at the tip of your melon, clear the space
Your brain was a terrible thing to waste
'88 on gates, snatch initial name plates
Smokin' **** with ****, real-life beginner killers
Prayin' God forgive us for being sinners, help us out
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can
Have what you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can
Have what you want, be what you want
Have what you want, be what you want

After realizin', to master enterprisin'
I ain't have to be in school by ten, I then
Begin to encounter with my counterparts
On how to burn the block apart
Break it down into sections, **** by the selections
Some use pipes, others use injections
Syringe sold separately, Frank the Deputy
Quick to grab my Smith & **** like my **** was missin'
To protect my position, my corner, my lair
While we out here, say the Hustler's Prayer
"If the game shakes me or breaks me
I hope it makes me a better man, take a better stand"
Put money in my mom's hand
Get my daughter this college plan so she don't need no man
Stay far from timid, only make moves when your heart's in it
And live the phrase "Sky's the limit"
See you chumps on top
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can
Have what you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can
Have what you want, be what you want

Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can
Have what you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep onEmbed
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your...

TREVIN JONES: Welcome back
We're here on Bad Boy Television, and I'm Trevin Jones
And I've been conversing with the Mad Rapper
And quite frankly, he's very mad
We're gonna try to find out why
So we'll take some questions at this point from our studio audience
Yes ma'am, please stand and state your name and where you're from
SHAY: Hi, my name is Shay, and I'm from Nеw Rochelle. And I just don't understand; why you so mad?
Likе, what are you so mad about?
THE MAD RAPPER: Yo, yo, yo-yo, y'know, yo you wanna know why? Yo, first of all, you can't be askin' me no question, youknowhatI'msayin'?
Who the fuck is you?
TREVIN JONES: Ahh, excuse me, Mr. Rapper, Mr. Rapper
THE MAD RAPPER: YouknowhatI'msayin? You can't be askin' me no question
TREVIN JONES: It's a family oriented show
THE MAD RAPPER: I'ma tell you why I'm mad, youknowhatI'msayin?
I'ma tell you why I'm mad, I'ma tell you why I'm mad
These niggas is makin' five hundred thousand dollar videos, youknowsayin?
They drivin' around in hot cars, youknowsayin?
They got bitches, they got all that shit
TREVIN JONES: Sir, please, please, refrain from your foul language
THE MAD RAPPER: YouknowhatI'ms--?
I'm still livin' with my Moms, youknowhatI'msayin?
That's my word, youknowI'ms—?
I'm makin' records, I ain't made no money yet I done made—
This is my fourth album, yo, this my fourth album
I ain't made a dime yet
This nigga made one album, he makin' wild records
That "Ready to Die" shit, it was aight, it was aight, youknowI'msayin
That shit was aight, it was cool
But my shit is J—more John Blaze than that! I got John Blaze shit And they not resp-ecognising, they not sayin'— "I recognize"
And fuck is that, who is you to be askin' me questions, youknowhatI'msayin? Who is you?
You might also like
I gots to talk
I gotta tell what I feel (Mhm)
I gotta talk about my life as I see it

(Biggie)
Uh, uh-huh
Uh, this goes out to you (Biggie)
This goes out to you
And you, and you, and you (Biggie)
This goes out to you
This goes out to you (Biggie)
This goes out to you
And you, and you (Uh)

Your reign on the top was short like leprechauns
As I crush so-called willies, thugs and rapper-dons (Uh)
Get in that ass quick-fast like Ramadan
It's that rap phenomenon Don Dada, fuck Poppa
You gotta call me Francis M.H
White, intake light tokes, tote iron
Was told in shootouts, stay low and keep firin'
Keep extra clips for extra shit (Uh-huh)
Who's next to flip on that cat with that grip on rap?
The most shady (Tell 'em!) Frankie, baby
Ain't no tellin' where I may be
May see me in D.C
At Howard Homecoming with my man Capone, dumbin'
Fuckin' somethin', you should know my steelo:
Went from ten G's for blow to thirty G's a show
To orgies with hoes I never seen before, so
Jesus! Get off the Notorious'
Penis, before I squeeze and bust
If the beef between us, we can settle it with the chrome and metal shit
I make it hot like a kettle get
You're delicate, you better get — who sent ya?
You still pedal shit, I got more rides than "Great Adventure"
Biggie ("How are you gonna do it?")
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more"
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more"
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more" (Biggie)
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44 (Uh-huh)
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more (Uh, uh-huh)

On ya mark, get set when I spark, ya wet
Look how dark it get when you're marked for death (Uh)
Should I start your breath, or should I let ya die?
In fear, you start to cry, ask why, lyrically I'm
Worshiped, don't front, the word sick
You cursed it, but rehearsed it
I drop unexpectedly like bird shit, you herbs get
Stuck quickly for royalties and show money
Don't forget the publishin', I punish 'em (Uh-huh), I'm done with them (Uh-huh)
Son, I'm surprised you run with them
I think they got cum in them, 'cause they nothin' but dicks
Tryna blow up like nitro and dynamite sticks
Mad I smoke hydro, rock diamonds that's sick
Got paid off my flow, rhyme with my own clique
Take trips to Cairo, layin' wit' yo' bitch
I know you prayin' you was rich, fuckin' prick, when I see ya, I'ma...
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44 (Uh-huh)
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more" (Uh, uh, uh)
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more"
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more" (Biggie)
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more"

This goes out for those that choose to use
Disrespectful views on the King of N-Y
Fuck that, why try? Throw bleach in ya eye
Now ya braillin' it, snatch that light shit, I'm scalin' it
Conscious of ya nonsense, in '88
Sold more powder than Johnson & Johnson
Tote steel like Bronson, Vigilante
You wanna get on, son, you need to aks me
Ain't no other kings in this rap thing, they siblings
Nothin' but my children, one shot — they disappearin' (Uh)
It's ill when MCs used to be on cruddy shit
Took home Ready to Die, listened, studied shit
Now they on some money shit, successful out the blue
They lightweight, fragili, my nine milli
Make the whites shake, that's why my money never funny
And you still recoupin', stupid!
Stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid...Embed

Yo!
Yo Big, wake up, wake up baby
Mmm, yo...
Yo Big, wake yo' ass up c'mon
I'm up! I'm up. I'm up , I'm up
Big, wake up!
I'm up Diddy, what the fuck, man? What's up?
C'mon now it's a quarter to six we got the 7:30 flight
Mmm, (mumbling) yeah
Yo Big, Big, Big
Yeah I hear you dog, I hear you, alright, 7:30
Yo take down this information
Ain't no pen
Tell your girl then to remember it or somethin'. Can you do that?
Aight honey, yeah write this down
Aight, uhm, flight five-oh-four
Five-oh-four
Leaving Kennedy
Kennedy
On the L-A-X
Oh! Cali?
No doubt baby, you know we gotta get this paper
Ahh, no doubt, aight
You aight?
I'm up, I'm up
Yo Big
I'm up, man
Flight five-oh-four
Alright 7:30 I'ma meet you at the airport
California
Yeah
You might also like
Uhh, when the la-la hits ya lyrics just splits ya
Head so hard, that your hat can't fit you
Either I'm with ya or against ya
Format bent 'cha, back through that maze I sent ya
Talking to the rap inventor
Nigga with the game tight, fifth that flame right
Spell my name right, B-I, double-G, I-E
Iced out, lights out, me and Cease-A-Leo
Getting head from some chick he know
See it's all about the cheddar, nobody do it better
Going back to Cali, strictly for the weather
Women and the weed, sticky green
No seeds bitch please, Poppa ain't soft
Dead up in the hood, ain't no love lost
Got me mixed up, you drunk them licks up
Mad 'cause I got my dick sucked
And my balls licked, forfeit, the game is mine
I'ma spell my name one more time, check it
It's the, N-O, T-O, R-I, O
U-S, you just, lay down, slow
Recognize a real Don when you see one
Sipping on booze in the House of Blues

I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
If I got to choose a coast, I got to choose the East
I live out there, so don't go there
But that don't mean a nigga can't rest in the West
See some nice breast in the West
Smoke some nice sess in the West, y'all niggas is a mess
Thinking I'm gon stop, giving L.A props
All I got is beef with those that violate me
I shall annihilate thee
Case closed, suitcase filled with clothes
Linens and things, I begin things
Beeper start to flash, 818's, 213's
313's, B.I.G
Frequently floss, hoes at Roscoe's
If I wanna squirt her, take her to Fatburger
Spend about a week on Venice Beach
Sippin Crist-o, with some freaks from Frisco

I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)

Cali got gunplay, models on the runway
Scream Biggie Biggie gimme One More Chance
I be whipping on the freeway, the NYC way
On the celly-celly with my homeboy Lance
Pass hash from left to right
Only got five blunts left to light, I'm set tonight
Met a bitch at the Versace store
Said she suck it 'til I ain't got no more, only in L.A
Bust on bitches be-lly, rub it in they tummy
Lick it, say it's yummy, then fuck your man
What's your plan, is it to rock the Tri-State?
Almost gold, five Gs a show date
Or do you wanna see about seven digits?
Fuck hoes exquisite, Cali, great place to visit
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)
I'm going going, back back, to Cali Cali (going back to Cali)Embed
Biggie, Biggie, Biggie, can't you see?
Sometimes your words just hypnotize me
And I just love your...

TREVIN JONES: Welcome back
We're here on Bad Boy Television, and I'm Trevin Jones
And I've been conversing with the Mad Rapper
And quite frankly, he's very mad
We're gonna try to find out why
So we'll take some questions at this point from our studio audience
Yes ma'am, please stand and state your name and where you're from
SHAY: Hi, my name is Shay, and I'm from New Rochelle. And I just don't understand; why you so mad?
Like, what are you so mad about?
THE MAD RAPPER: Yo, yo, yo-yo, y'know, yo you wanna know why? Yo, first of all, you can't be askin' me no question, youknowhatI'msayin'?
Who the fuck is you?
TREVIN JONES: Ahh, excuse me, Mr. Rapper, Mr. Rapper
THE MAD RAPPER: YouknowhatI'msayin? You can't be askin' me no question
TREVIN JONES: It's a family oriented show
THE MAD RAPPER: I'ma tell you why I'm mad, youknowhatI'msayin?
I'ma tell you why I'm mad, I'ma tell you why I'm mad
These niggas is makin' five hundred thousand dollar videos, youknowsayin?
They drivin' around in hot cars, youknowsayin?
They got bitches, they got all that shit
TREVIN JONES: Sir, please, please, refrain from your foul language
THE MAD RAPPER: YouknowhatI'ms--?
I'm still livin' with my Moms, youknowhatI'msayin?
That's my word, youknowI'ms—?
I'm makin' records, I ain't made no money yet I done made—
This is my fourth album, yo, this my fourth album
I ain't made a dime yet
This nigga made one album, he makin' wild records
That "Ready to Die" shit, it was aight, it was aight, youknowI'msayin
That shit was aight, it was cool
But my shit is J—more John Blaze than that! I got John Blaze shit And they not resp-ecognising, they not sayin'— "I recognize"
And fuck is that, who is you to be askin' me questions, youknowhatI'msayin? Who is you?
You might also like
I gots to talk
I gotta tell what I feel (Mhm)
I gotta talk about my life as I see it

(Biggie)
Uh, uh-huh
Uh, this goes out to you (Biggie)
This goes out to you
And you, and you, and you (Biggie)
This goes out to you
This goes out to you (Biggie)
This goes out to you
And you, and you (Uh)

Your reign on the top was short like leprechauns
As I crush so-called willies, thugs and rapper-dons (Uh)
Get in that ass quick-fast like Ramadan
It's that rap phenomenon Don Dada, fuck Poppa
You gotta call me Francis M.H
White, intake light tokes, tote iron
Was told in shootouts, stay low and keep firin'
Keep extra clips for extra shit (Uh-huh)
Who's next to flip on that cat with that grip on rap?
The most shady (Tell 'em!) Frankie, baby
Ain't no tellin' where I may be
May see me in D.C
At Howard Homecoming with my man Capone, dumbin'
Fuckin' somethin', you should know my steelo:
Went from ten G's for blow to thirty G's a show
To orgies with hoes I never seen before, so
Jesus! Get off the Notorious'
Penis, before I squeeze and bust
If the beef between us, we can settle it with the chrome and metal shit
I make it hot like a kettle get
You're delicate, you better get — who sent ya?
You still pedal shit, I got more rides than "Great Adventure"
Biggie ("How are you gonna do it?")
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more"
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more"
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more" (Biggie)
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44 (Uh-huh)
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more (Uh, uh-huh)

On ya mark, get set when I spark, ya wet
Look how dark it get when you're marked for death (Uh)
Should I start your breath, or should I let ya die?
In fear, you start to cry, ask why, lyrically I'm
Worshiped, don't front, the word sick
You cursed it, but rehearsed it
I drop unexpectedly like bird shit, you herbs get
Stuck quickly for royalties and show money
Don't forget the publishin', I punish 'em (Uh-huh), I'm done with them (Uh-huh)
Son, I'm surprised you run with them
I think they got cum in them, 'cause they nothin' but dicks
Tryna blow up like nitro and dynamite sticks
Mad I smoke hydro, rock diamonds that's sick
Got paid off my flow, rhyme with my own clique
Take trips to Cairo, layin' wit' yo' bitch
I know you prayin' you was rich, fuckin' prick, when I see ya, I'ma...
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44 (Uh-huh)
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more" (Uh, uh, uh)
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more"
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more" (Biggie)
Kick in the door, wavin' the .44
All you heard was "Poppa, don't hit me no more"

This goes out for those that choose to use
Disrespectful views on the King of N-Y
Fuck that, why try? Throw bleach in ya eye
Now ya braillin' it, snatch that light shit, I'm scalin' it
Conscious of ya nonsense, in '88
Sold more powder than Johnson & Johnson
Tote steel like Bronson, Vigilante
You wanna get on, son, you need to aks me
Ain't no other kings in this rap thing, they siblings
Nothin' but my children, one shot — they disappearin' (Uh)
It's ill when MCs used to be on cruddy shit
Took home Ready to Die, listened, studied shit
Now they on some money shit, successful out the blue
They lightweight, fragili, my nine milli
Make the whites shake, that's why my money never funny
And you still recoupin', stupid!
Stupid, stupid, stupid, stupid...Embed
Goin' back to Cali (Uh)

When the la-la hits ya, lyrics just split ya
Head so hard that your hat can't fit you
Either I'm with ya or against ya
Format bent ya, back through that maze I sent ya
Talking to the rap inventor
Nigga with the game tight, fifth that flame right
Spell my name right, B-I-double-G-I-E
Iced out, lights out, me and Cease-A-Leo
Getting head from some chick he know
See it's all about the cheddar, nobody do it better
Going back to Cali strictly for the weather
Women and the weed, sticky green
No seeds, bitch please, Poppa ain't soft
Dead up in the hood, ain't no love lost
Got me mixed up, you drunk them licks up
Mad 'cause I got my dick suckеd
And my balls licked, forfeit, the gamе is mine
I'ma spell my name one more time, check it
It's the N-O-T-O-R-I-O
U-S, you just lay down slow
Recognize a real don when you see one
Sipping on booze in the House of Blues
You might also like
I'm going-going back-back to Cali-Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going-going back-back to Cali-Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going-going back-back to Cali-Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going-going back-back to Cali-Cali (California)

If I got to choose a coast, I got to choose the east
I live out there, so don't go there
But that don't mean a nigga can't rest in the west
See some nice breast in the west
Smoke some nice sess in the west, y'all niggas is a mess
Thinking I'm gon' stop giving L.A. props
All I got is beef with those that violate me
I shall annihilate thee
Case closed, suitcase filled with clothes
Linens and things, I begin things
Beeper start to flash, 818s, 213s
313s, B.I.G. 
Frequently floss hoes at Roscoe's
If I wanna squirt her, take her to Fatburger
Spend about a week on Venice Beach
Sippin Crist-o, with some freaks from Frisco

I'm going-going back-back to Cali-Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going-going back-back to Cali-Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going-going back-back to Cali-Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going-going back-back to Cali-Cali (California)
Cali got gunplay, models on the runway
Scream, "Biggie, Biggie, gimme one more chance"
I be whipping on the freeway, the NYC way
On the celly-celly with my homeboy Lance
Pass hash from left to right
Only got five blunts left to light, I'm set tonight
Met a bitch at the Versace store
Said she suck it 'til I ain't got no more, only in L.A. 
Bust on bitches belly, rub it in they tummy
Lick it, say it's yummy, then fuck your man
What's your plan, is it to rock the Tri-State?
Almost gold, five Gs a show date
Or do you wanna see about seven digits?
Fuck hoes exquisite, Cali, great place to visit

I'm going-going back-back to Cali-Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going-going back-back to Cali-Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going-going back-back to Cali-Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going-going back-back to Cali-Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going-going back-back to Cali-Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going-going back-back to Cali-Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going-going back-back to Cali-Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going-going back-back to Cali-Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going-going back-back to Cali-Cali (Going back to Cali)
I'm going-going back-back to Cali-Cali (Going back to Cali)Embed
Yeah, word
I remember I met this one bitch
'Cause you know me, I don't see— I'm the nasty motherfucker
I just thought— I thought I'da did anything in the world (yeah?)
I meets this one bitch, I comes up in the spot or whatever
The bitch got the candles lit or whatever, so
She tell me whatever, she wanna get her freak on or whatever
So I'm like "What's up? What'chu wanna do?"
Know what I'm sayin', I'm read to wear it out or whatever (ksss)
The bitch told me she wanted me to shit on her (hahaha)
Ya know, shit, I was like, "Whatchu mean shit?"
I mean I might shit on you, after I hit it I won't call you no more
Shit on you like that (hahaha)
She talkin about no she want me to cock over her
And shit, on her stomach! (hehehe)
I said bitch what the, what the fuck??
What the fuck I'm sposed to do after I after I shit on her
I'm s'posed to hit that after that?
She's just wilding out, so after I shits on the bitch right (hahaha)
Ya know I shit, after I shits on the bitch
The bitch, ya know, washed that shit off or whatever
(Ohh shit)

Come on, yeah, come on
Come on, yeah, come on, yeah
Come on, yeah, come on
Come on, yeah, come on, yeah
Come on, yeah, come on
Come on, yeah, come on, yeah
Come on, yeah, come on
Come on, yeah, come on
You might also like
This goes out to my Brooklyn crew
Representin' on the freaky freaky
Fuck 'em all day, fuck 'em all night
We don't love these hoes

I go on and on and on and
Don't take them to the crib unless they bonin'
Easy, call 'em on the phone and
Platinum Chanel cologne and
I stay, dressed to impress
Spark these bitches interest
Sex is all I expect
If they watch TV in the Lex, they know
They know, quarter past 4
Left the club tipsy, say no mo'
Except how I'm gettin' home tomorrow
Caesar drop you off when he see his P.O
Back of my mind I hope she swallow
Man she spilled a drink on my cream Wallows
Reach the gate, hungry just ate
Riffin', she got to be to work by eight
This must mean she ain't tryna wait
Conversate, sex on the first date
I state, "You know what you do to me"
She starts off, "Well I don't usually"
Then I whipped it out, rubber no doubt
Step out, show me what you all about
Fingers in your mouth, open up your blouse
Pull your G-string down South
Threw that back out, in the parkin' lot
By a Cherokee and a green drop-top
And I don't stop, until I squirt
Jeans, skirt, butt-naked, it all work
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, nigga you so nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, nigga you so nasty

I remember we went to Tennessee
Then we came home, mad messages was on my phone
Bitch named Simone
Screamin, she fiendin' for the semen
Me bein' the man that I am
Took it to her condo pronto
Half Indian, I called her Tonto
Roll the chron' chron' in the dark pronto
Few puffs, eyes got low
And off to the bedroom we go
Sex is drama, head is trauma
Ripped pajamas, I'ma stay 'til tomorrow
Satisfyin' all my needs twice
With whipped cream, handcuffs and ice
The bitch is nice, word is bond
Can't wait to put my niggas on, what? What?
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, nigga you so nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, nigga you so nasty

Ladies, my Mercedes
Hold fo' in the back, two if you're fat
Keep a gat 'cause cats try fi test me
They just fans like De Niro, Wesley
Let's see, the bitch I'm waitin' on
Gardeur jeans look like they painted on
Ask thee, leave it up to me
Lay her on back ever so gently
She like the way the dough fold up, Rolls roll up
Cristal 'til she throw up, bitch grow up
Hold up, there's DeGenero
Dripped out, Iceberg apparel
Intro goes without speaking
Call me Cease 'cause I keep 'em, we can go freakin'
All weekend, so, roll in
Ain't it good that my Lex seats foldin'? Uhh

You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, nigga you so nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, you nasty
You nasty boy, nigga you so nastyEmbed
Woman hold her head and cry
'Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died
Woman hold her head and cry
'Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died
When I die, fuck it, I wanna go to hell
'Cause I'm a piece of shit, it ain't hard to fuckin' tell
It don't make sense, goin' to heaven wit' the goodie-goodies
Dressed in white, I like black Tims and black hoodies
God will probably have me on some real strict shit
No sleepin' all day, no gettin' my dick licked
Hangin' with the goodie-goodies loungin' in paradise
Fuck that shit, I wanna tote guns and shoot dice
All my life I been considered as the worst
Lyin' to my mother, even stealin' out her purse
Crime after crime, from drugs to extortion
I know my mother wished she got a fuckin' abortion

Woman hold her head and cry
'Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died
Woman hold her head and cry
'Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died
You might also like
I swear to God I just want to slit my wrists and end this bullshit
Throw the Magnum to my head, threaten to pull shit
And squeeze, until the bed's, completely red
I'm glad I'm dead, a worthless fuckin' Buddha head
The stress is buildin' up, I can't
I can't believe suicide's on my fuckin' mind
I want to leave, I swear to God I feel like death is fuckin' callin' me
But nah, you wouldn't understand
You see, it's kinda like the crack did to Pookie, in New Jack
Except when I cross over, there ain't no comin' back
Should I die on the train track, like Ramo in Beatstreet
People at the funeral frontin' like they miss me
My baby momma kissed me but she glad I'm gone
She knew me and her sister had somethin' goin' on
I wonder if I died, would tears come to her eyes?
Forgive me for my disrespect, forgive me for my lies

Woman hold her head and cry
'Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died
Woman hold her head and cry
'Cause her son had been shot down in the street and died

I reach my peak, I can't speak
Call my nigga Chic, tell him that my will is weak
I'm sick of niggas lyin', I'm sick of bitches hawkin'
Matter of fact, I'm sick of talkin'13Embed
Baby, look at me
Mama love you
And I know you ain't no little boy no more
But you'll always be my baby
It seems like only yesterday I was holding you in my arms
Now look at you now, Biggie
But I worry about you
I worry about you all the time
Hangin' out on the corner
All times at night with the cruel people
Baby, that ain't nothin' but trouble
I always taught you that you could have whatever you dream
Well, I want you to hold onto that dream, baby
Hold on to it real tight, ‘cause the sky's the limit

Good evening, ladies and gentlemen
How's everybody doin' tonight? (Alright)
I'd like to welcome to the stage (Alright, alright)
The lyrically acclaimed, ha (Woo)
I like this young man, because when he came out (Hahahaha)
He came out with the phrase:
He went from ashy to classy — haha, I like that (Alright, alright)
So everybody in the house give a warm
(Uh) Round of applause for The Notorious
B.I.G, ha
The Notorious B.I.G, ladies and gentlemen
Give it up for him, y'all!
You might also like
Uh
A nigga never been as broke as me, I like that
When I was young, I had two pair of Lees, besides that
The pinstripes and the gray
The one I wore on Mondays and Wednesdays
While niggas flirt, I'm sewin' tigers on my shirts, and alligators
You wanna see the inside? Huh, I see ya later
Here comes the drama
"Oh, that's that nigga with the fake"
Blaow! "Why you punch me in my face?" Stay in your place
Play your position (Uh), here come my intuition (Uh-huh)
Go in this nigga pocket, rob him while his friends watchin'
And hoes clockin', here comes respect
His crew's your crew, or they might be next
Look at they man eye, big man, they never try
So we rolled with 'em, stole with 'em
I mean loyalty, niggas bought me milks at lunch
The milks was chocolate, the cookies — butter crunch
'88 Oshkosh and blue and white dunks, pass the blunt

Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want
Have what you want, be what you want
I was ashamed, my crew was lame
I had enough heart for most of 'em
Long as I got stuff from most of 'em
It's on, even when I was wrong, I got my point across
They depicted me the boss, of course
My orange box-cutter make the world go round
Plus I'm fuckin', bitches ain't my homegirls now
Start stackin', dabbled in crack, gun packin'
Nickname Medina, make the seniors tote my ninas
From gym class to Inglés, pass off a global
The only nigga with a mobile, can't you see like Total
Gettin' larger in waists and tastes
Ain't no tellin' where this felon is headin', just in case
Keep a shell at the tip of your melon, clear the space
Your brain was a terrible thing to waste
'88 on gates, snatch initial name plates
Smokin' spliffs with niggas, real-life beginner killers
Prayin' God forgive us for being sinners, help us out

Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want
Have what you want, be what you want
After realizin', to master enterprisin'
I ain't have to be in school by ten, I then
Begin to encounter with my counterparts
On how to burn the block apart
Break it down into sections, drugs by the selections
Some use pipes, others use injections
Syringe sold separately, Frank the Deputy
Quick to grab my Smith & Wesson like my dick was missin'
To protect my position, my corner, my lair
While we out here, say the Hustler's Prayer:
"If the game shakes me or breaks me
I hope it makes me a better man, take a better stand"
Put money in my mom's hand
Get my daughter this college plan so she don't need no man
Stay far from timid, only make moves when your heart's in it
And live the phrase "Sky's the limit"
Motherfucker, see you chumps on top

Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want
Have what you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on
Just keep on pressin' on
Sky is the limit and you know that you can have
What you want, be what you want
Sky is the limit and you know that you keep on83Embed