One, two, uhh, one, one
One, two, uhh, one, one
M-E-T-H-O-D, Man
M-E-T-H-O-D, Man
M-E-T-H-O-D, Man
M-E-T-H-O-D, Man

Hey, you, get off my cloud
You don't know me and you don't know my style
Who be getting flam when they come to a jam?
Here I am, here I am, the Method Man
Patty cake patty cake hey the Method Man
Don't eat Skippy, Jif or Peter Pan
Peanut butter cause I'm not butter
In fact I snap back like a rubber band
I be Sam, Sam-I-Am and I don't eat green eggs and ham
Style will hit ya, wham!, then goddamn
You be like oh shit that's the jam
Turn it up now hear me get buckw-w-wild
I'm about to blow light me up
Upside, downside, inside and outside
Hittin you from every angle there's no doubt I
Am the one and only Method Man
The master of the plan, wrappin shit like Saran
Wrap, with some of this and some of that
Hold up (what?) I tawt I tat I putty tat
Over there, but I think he best to beware
Of the diggy dog shit right here
Yippy yippy yay yippy yah yippy yo
Like Deck said this ain't your average flow
Comin like RAAH ooh ah achie kah
Tell me how ya like it so far baby paw
The poetry's in motion coast to coast and
Rub it on your skin like lotion
What's the commotion, oh my lord
Another corn chopped by the Wu-Tang sword
Hey hey hey like Fat Albert
It's the Method Man ain't no if ands about it
It's the Method
You might also like
Man, uhh, like that baby paw, uhh

I got fat bags of skunk
I got White Owl blunts
And I'm about to go get lifted
Yes, I'm about to go get lifted
I got myself a forty
I got myself a shorty
And I'm about to go and stick it
Yes, I'm about to go and stick it uhh

H-U-F-F huff and I puff
Blow like snow when the cold wind's blowin
Zoom, I hit the mic like boom
Wrote a song about it like to hear it here it goes
Question, what exactly is a panty raider?
Ill behaviour savior or major flavor
All of the above oh yeah plus seducer
Also flam I'm the man call me super
Not an average Joe with an average flow
Doing average things with average hoes
Yo I'm super I'll make a bitch squirm
For my Super Sperm (check it)
Check it I give it to ya raw butt naked
I smell sess, pass the method
Let's get lifted as I kick ballistics
Missiles and shoot game like a pistol
Clip is loaded when I click bang dang
A Wu-Tang slug hits your brain
J-U-M-P jump and I thump
Make girls rumps like pump and Humpty Hump
Wow, the Shaolin style is all in me
Child, the whole damn isle is callin me
P-A-N-T-Y-R-A-I-D-E-R mad raw I don't cry
Meaning no one can burn or toss and turn me
Ooh I be the super sperm
Chim chimmeny chim chim cherie
Freak a flow and flow fancy free
Now how many licks does it take
For me to hit the Tootsie Roll center of a break
Peep and don't sleep the crews mad deep Wu-Tang
Fadin motherfuckers like bleach
So to each and every crew
You're clear like glass I can see right through
You're whole damn posse be catchin em all cause you vic'd
And ya didn't have friends to begin with, I'm
M-E-T-H-O-D, Man
M-E-T-H-O-D, Man
M-E-T-H-O-D, Man
Yes I am

Uhh, uhh, rappers crossing over to that R&B jinkx
Walk around town like your shit don't stink
Take it from me, hey G, you don't amaze me
Shot me at point blank range but only grazed me
Nothing mental, just plain and simple
Lyrics you bust couldn't bust a fucking pimple
Come here kid, what, let me tell you something
You're like change of a penny, nothing
Wham, oh shit, god damn
Skippy, hit me, man I get fla
Better yet hectic, wreck shit, I'm rowdy
Like a license check this be Audi
Tippy tippy tum tippy tah tippy tum
Direct from the Shaolin slum, here I come
Straight from the top, the cock, yo I'm fed up
I put it in your ear and fuck your whole head up
Wu-Tang's slang bang, up your butt crack and
Straight from Staten, silky like satin
Used to break cliques with stones and sticks
Nowadays we do it with the macs and clips
The method, man
The method, man
The method, man
Yes I am, yes I am
M-E-T-H-O-D, Man
M-E-T-H-O-D, Man
M-E-T-H-O-D, Man

Uhh, 92 for the wu
Now how brothers want it?
With salt or butter, motherfucker
A doo-doo chop, a doo-doo chop
A doo-doo chop chopEmbed
“Shaolin shadowboxing and the Wu-Tang sword style."
"If what you say is true, the Shaolin and the Wu-Tang could be dangerous. Do you think your Wu-Tang sword can defeat me?”
“En garde, I'll let you try my Wu-Tang style.”

Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da mother, bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Ghostface! Catch the blast of a hype verse
My Glock burst, leave in a hearse, I did worse
I come rough, tough like an elephant tusk
Your head rush, fly like Egyptian musk
Aww shit, Wu-Tang Clan spark the wicks, an'
However, I master the trick just like Nixon
Causin' terror, quick damage your whole era
Hard rocks is locked the fuck up or found shot
P.L.O. style, hazardous, 'cause I wreck this dangerous
I blow spots like Waco, Texas

I watch my back like I'm locked down
Hardcore-hittin' sound
Watch me act bugged and tear down
Illiterate-type asshole, songs goin' gold
No doubt, and you watch a corny nigga fold
Yeah, they fake and all that, carryin' gats
But yo, my Clan roll with like forty macs
Now you act convinced, I guess it makes sense
Wu-Tang, yo, soooo—represent!
I wait for one to act up, now I got him backed up
Gun to his neck now, react what?
And that's one in the chamber, Wu-Tang banger
36 styles of danger
You might also like
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da mother, bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da mother, bring da, bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da mother, bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
So bring it on!
I rip it, hardcore like porno-flick bitches
I roll with groups of ghetto bastards with biscuits
Check it, my method on the microphone's bangin'
Wu-Tang slang'll leave your headpiece hangin'
Bust this, I'm kickin' like Seagal: Out for Justice
The roughness, yes, the rudeness, ruckus
Redrum, I verbally assault with the tongue
Murder One, my style shocks your knot like a stun gun
I'm hectic, I wreck it with the quickness
Set it on the microphone, and competition get blown
By this nasty-ass nigga with my nigga, the RZA
Charged like a bull and got pull like a trigga
So bad, stabbin' up the pad with the vocab, crabs
I scream on your ass like your dad, bring it o-on!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da mother, bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!

Yo, I'm more rugged than slave man boots
New recruits, I'm fuckin' up MC troops
I break loose, and trample shit, while I stomp
A mudhole in that ass 'cause I'm straight out the swamp
Creepin' up on site, now it's Fright Night
My Wu-Tang slang is mad fuckin' dangerous
And more deadly than the stroke of an axe
Choppin' through your back *swish*
Givin' bystanders heart attacks
Niggas try to flip, tell me, who is him?
I blow up his fuckin' prism, make it a vicious act of terrorism
You wanna bring it, so fuck it, come on and bring the ruckus!
And I provoke niggas to kick buckets
I'm wettin' cream, I ain't wettin' fame
Who sellin' 'caine? I'm givin' out a deadly game
It's not the Russian, it's the Wu-Tang crushin' roulette
Slip up and get fucked like Suzette
Bring da fuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
Bring da motherfuckin' ruckus!
“En garde, I'll let you try my Wu-Tang style.”
So, bring it on!
So, bring it on!
So, bring it on!
So, bring it on!
So, bring it on!
So, bring it on!
So, bring it on, nigga!74Embed
My seeds grow and his seeds marry his seeds
My seeds grow and his seeds marry his seeds
That's how we keep Wu-Tang forever, baby

It's good to see the Wu-Tang family under one roof
We celebrate, toasting shots, Ciroc 40 proof
Burgers on the grill and fried fish
The wiz made potato salad, greens for a side-dish
Cold water, mill and reminisce with cousins and sisters
Children on the grass playing ball and Twister
Fresh lemonade is made, we playing spades
My nephews turn the living room into an arcade
Aunt's cherry baked pie, surprise, Johnny showed up
You can tell from the smell in the air, something rolled up
It's love, peace and happiness, with the joy and laughter
Camera phones flashes, the moment is captured

It's so nice to see all the folks you love together
Sitting and talking 'bout all the things that's been going down

It's going down
We rock all in together now, Wu-Tang forever now
Twenty years later we still bang whatever now
Turn change to cheddar
If I could take a quote from Obama, change is better
I vow to never let you down
Remember Meth Tical?
In my circle haters was never 'round
I'm a boss, owe that to Kevin Lile
Reunited, the whole world excited
Wu-Tang is for the kids and people and girls invited
You might also like
Family reunion
Got to have a family reunion
Family reunion
It's so nice to come together
To get together
I wish grandma could see
The whole family
I sure miss her face
And her warm and tender embrace

I miss my grandmother, my auntie and Unique Ason
I knew Dirt was high when he had that face on
Fangs hanging out his mouth, his fronts was golden
Wilding, record execs can't control him
He said ish like me and Mariah
Hit me, woah-woah-woah, that's fire
Still no matter what we gon' rep the name
Look at your family, we got twenty years in the game

A family reunion
Gonna have a family reunion ooh, ooh
Family reunion
It's so nice to come together
To get together
Aye yo
I'd like to make a toast to my Wu-Tang family
All over the globe
East coast, west coast
All my brothers in the hood keeping it good
Peace to the Gods and Earths
All my Latino brothers
My Asian brothers, my Caucasian brothers
Wu-Tang Forever7Embed
So, what's up, man?
(Coolin', man)
Chillin' chilin'? Yo, you know I had to call, you know why right?
(Why?)
Because, yo! I never, ever call and ask you to play somethin', right?
(Yeah)
You know what I wanna hear, right?
(What you wanna hear?)
I wanna hear that Wu-Tang joint
(Wu-Tang again?)
Aw, yeah! Again and again!

Wu-Tang Clan comin' at ya!
(Watch your step, kid)
(Watch your step, kid)
Protect ya neck, kid!
(Watch your step, kid)
(Watch your step, kid)
First to set it off!
(Watch your step, kid)
(Watch your step, kid)
The Inspectah Deck!

I smoke on the mic like "Smokin' Joe" Frazier
The hell-raiser, raisin' hell with the flavor
Terrorize the jam like troops in Pakistan
Swingin' through your town like your neighborhood Spider-Man
So uhh... tick-tock and keep tickin'
While I get ya flippin' off the shit that I'm kickin'
The Lone Ranger — code red, danger!
Deep in the dark with the art to rip the charts apart
The vandal, too hot to handle
You battle? You're sayin' "Goodbye" like Tevin Campbell
Ruffneck, Inspectah Deck's on the set
The Rebel, I make more noise than heavy metal
You might also like
The way I make the crowd go wild
Sit back, relax, won't smile
Rae got it goin' on, pal
Call me the rap assassinator
Rhymes rugged and built like Schwarzenegger
And I'ma get mad deep like a threat
Blow up your project, then take all your assets
'Cause I came to shake the frame in half
With the thoughts that bomb shit like math
So if you wanna try to flip, yo, flip on the next man
'Cause I grab the clip and hit ya with 16 shots, and more I got
Goin' to war with the meltin' pot, Akh!

It's the Method Man — for short, Mr. Meth
Movin' on your left! AARGGH!
And set it off, get it off, let it off like a gat
I wanna break full, cock me back
Small change, they puttin' shame in the game
I take aim and blow that nigga out the frame
And like Fame!, my style'll live forever
Niggas crossin' over, but they don't know no better
But I do, true, can I get a "Suuuu!"?
Enough respect due to the one-six-ooh
I mean O! Yo, check out the flow
Like the Hudson or PCP when I'm dustin'
Niggas off, because I'm hot like sauce
The smoke from the lyrical blunt make me *cough*
Ooh! What? Grab my nut, get screwed
Oww! Here comes my Shaolin style
True B-A-ba-B-Y-U
To my crew with the "Suuuuuuu!!"

Yeah, yeah, yeah
(Watch your step, kid)
(Watch your step, kid)
C'mon, baby baby, c'mon, baby baby
(Watch your step, kid)
Protect ya neck
(Watch your step, kid)
(Watch your step, kid)
C'mon, baby baby, c'mon
(Watch your step, kid)
(Watch your step, kid)
Yo! You best protect ya neck!

First things first, man, you're fuckin' with the worst
I'll be stickin' pins in your head like a fuckin' nurse
I'll attack any nigga who's slack in his mack
Come fully packed with a fat rugged stack
Shame on you when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard straight from the Brooklyn Zoo
And I'll be damned if I let any man
Come to my center, you enter the winter
Straight up and down, that shit is packed jam
You can't slam, don't let me get fool on him, man
The Ol' Dirty Bastard is dirty and stinkin'
Ason Unique rollin' with the night of the creeps
Niggas be rollin' with a stash, ain't sayin' cash
Bite my style, I'll bite your motherfuckin' ass!
For cryin' out loud, my style is wild, so book me
Not long is how long that this rhyme took me
Ejectin' styles from my lethal weapon
My pen that rocks from here to Oregon
Here's more again! Catch it like a psycho flashback
I love gats, if rap was a gun, you wouldn't bust back
I come with shit in all types of shapes and sounds
And where I lounge is my stompin' grounds
I give an order to my peeps across the water
To go and snatch up props all around the border
And get far like a shootin' star
'Cause who I are is livin' the life of Pablo Escobar
Point-blank as I kick the square biz
There it is, you're fuckin' with pros, and there it goes

Yo! Chill with the feedback, black, we don't need that!
It's 10 o'clock, ho, where the fuck's your seed at?!
Feelin' mad hostile, wearin' Aeropostale
Flowin' like Christ when I speaks the gospel
Stroll with the holy robe
Then attack the globe with the buckus style, the ruckus
Ten-times-ten men committin' mad sin
Turn the other cheek and I'll break your fuckin' chin!
Slayin' boom-bangs like African drums
(We'll be!) Comin' around the mountain when I come
Crazy flamboyant for the rap enjoyment
My clan increase like black unemployment
Yeah! Another one dare!
G-Gka-Genius — take us the fuck outta here!

The Wu is too slammin' for these Cold Killin' labels
Some ain't had hits since I seen Aunt Mabel
Be doin' artists in like Cain did Abel
Now they money's gettin' stuck to the gum under the table
That's what you get when you misuse what I invent
Your empire falls and you lose every cent
For tryna blow up a scrub
Now, that thought was just as bright as a 20-watt light bulb
Should've pumped it when I rocked it
Niggas so stingy, they got short arms and deep pockets
This goes on in some companies
With majors, they're scared to death to pump these
First of all, who's your A&R?
A mountain climber who plays an electric guitar?
But he don't know the meanin' of dope
Money's lookin' for a suit-and-tie rap
That's cleaner than a bar of soap
And I'm the dirtiest thing in sight
Matter of fact, bring out the girls and let's have a mud fight!

You best protect ya neck!90Embed

All you bitches put your naps together
And all you niggas put your sticks together

Bitch hooooo
(Yeah haw heh)
Day hayyyy
(Eh hey ay hey)
De haaaaa
(Ewww hawr harr)
Haa-aa-aa-aa-aaa
(Eh haw he huu)

She blew in like calm breeze
Tall brown skin her, weave like palm trees
I went coconuts, dip my Dunkin' between your Donut
Don't want it if it ain't no slut, bitch
Fathership touch ground like fly on soup
Don't invite me I tear the fuck down
White boys cut my toupee
Seventh day rester, or screenplay
I slump MC slay, it ain't nothin' to bust ass
Bullet him, get him fast
Bitch I don't break out, blast to the next rash
The dog piss on MCs like trees
Got mils but still grill that old good welfare cheese
You might also like
Hooooooo
Yeah haaaay
(Dedicated to all you bitch ass niggas)
De haaaaa
(And you bitch ass niggarettes)
Bitch hooooo
(Motherfuckers!)

Let that bitch know

Shame on a nuh, who tried to step tuh
The Ol' Dirty Bas, put my foot up your uhh
Bitch, you walk around with your bra too tight
It's alright, you still gon' get fucked tonight
Hoooooo (Method Man: stankin' ass hoes)
You're the type of bitch don't appreciate shit
Never had shit, so you won't be shit
That pussy there, couldn't satisfy a hair
On my body, treat me like a lolli and slob me down
Doo Doo Brown!
Tossed salad, oh you in some shit now
Callin' me a dog, well leave a dog alone
Cause nothin' can stop me from buryin' my bones
In the backyard of someone else's house
Ol' Dirt Dog, but I'm not dogged out
Here comes Rover, sniffin' at your ass
But pardon me bitch, as I shit on your grass
That means ho, you been shitted on
I'm not the first dog that's shitted on your lawn
Hoooooo yeah heeeey e haaaaa
Hoooooo-ooo-ooo-ooo-ooo
Hoooooo yeah heeeey (Wayeah hey hey)
This is dedicated to all y'all bitches (eeeeeeeeeeeee)
De haaaaaaah
Hoooooo yeah heeeey ne haaaaa
Aaaaa-aa-aa-aa-aaa

Fuck y'all

Fuck is y'all niggas, Soul II Soul?
Y'all look like some nasty backup dancers for En Vogue
Lil' nasty R&B niggas
Yo, you look like, you look like you was break dancin' in Allure' video, spinnin' on his lips

What's up wit' bookworm? What's up wit' bookworm?

Nigga, what's up wit' your Speak and Spell shoes?
Fisher Price My First Timberlands
Them shits is old, nigga
You gotta get some Chukkas, fucka
Nigga got on a Lamont Sanford dress shirt
"Whaddaya want, ya big dummy?"
((Same guy: “Yeah, that’s me nigga!”))
As for me, nigga?
((Yeah that’s you, you DJ…))

And as for you, you DJ Kat Show shirt wearin' ass nigga
Your shirt look like a dish rag
Nigga, your shirt look like a curtain6Embed
Yo, Meth, hold up, hold up
Yo, Meth, where my Killer tape at, God?
First of all, where my
Where the fuck is my tape at?

Yo, son, I ain't got that piece, son

How you ain't got my shit when I let you hold it, man?

Yo, niggas came over to have 40s and blunts, kid
The shit just came up missin', son

Come on, man, that don't got nothin' to do with my shit, man
Come on, man, go head with that shit, man

Come on, man, I'll buy you four more fuckin' Killer tapes, man

 Ayo! Ayo!
You might also like
Open the door, man! What the fuck, man?
Yo, what? What's up?

Yo, yo, God, word is bond, yo
Shameek just got bust in his head two times, God!

Word to mother!

Word life, God
You know Shameek from fuckin' 212, God?
The nigga just got bucked
Niggas in a black Land, God, word is bond
Came through, God, from out of nowhere, God
Word is bond I'm comin' to get my Culture Cipher, God
And they just… word is bond
Crazy shots just went the fuck off, God

Niggas let off crazy shots, kid

The nigga layin' there like a fuckin' newborn fuckin' baby, God
Word up!

Is he dead?

Is he fuckin' dead?
What the fuck you mean is he fuckin' dead, God?

What the fuck kind of question is that, B? Fuck you think?

Easy, easy

The nigga layin' there with his fuckin'…
All types of fuckin' blood comin' out of his fuckin'…

(sarcastically) Is he is he is he dead?

Yo, God, what's up, God? It's the God, God, word is bond
Yo, what's up? I'm ready to fuckin' lay…
I'm ready to get busy, God, what's up?
Yo, let's go do what we got…

What's up, yo?

Yo let's go do what we gotta do, man, fuck it

Yo, we out or what, man?

It's the God, God, fuck that, man

You sayin' we out?

They probably took the tape

What the fuck?

Nigga still sweatin' the tape, man

What the fuck is you talkin' about? Get the fuck outta here!

Fuckin' corn!

Good Morning Vietnam!
Yeah, good morning to all you motherfuckin' knotty-headed niggas
Word to the camouflage large niggas
Bitch, where the fuck is my bottle?
Bring that fuckin' meth in here!
Yo, yo, yo
Now we gonna drink some good Night train, get you goin'
Yo, yo, yo, yo!

Champion gear that I rock, you get your boots knocked
Then attack ya like a pit, then, lock shit down
As I come and freaks the sound, hardcore
But givin' you more and more like "Ding!"
Nah, shorty, get you open like six packs
Killa Beez attack, flippin' what? Murder one phat tracks, aight?
I kick it like a Nike Flight
Word life, I get that ass robbed on spite
Check the method from Bedrock
'Cause I rock your head to bed just like rockin' what? Twin Glocks!
Shake the ground while my beats just break ya down
Raw sound, goin' to war right now
So, yo, bombin', We-Usually Take-All-Niggas-Garments
Save your breath before I vomit!

I be that insane nigga from the psycho ward
I'm on the trigger, plus I got the Wu-Tang sword
So how you figure that you can even fuck with mine?
A-yo, RZA! Hit me with that shit one time!
And pull a foul, niggas, save the beef for the cow
I'm milkin' this ho, this is my show, Tical!
The fuck you wanna do on this mic piece, duke?
I'm like a sniper, hyper off the ginseng root
PLO Style, buddha monks with the owls
Now, who's the fuckin' man? Meth-Tical

On the chessbox
"Wu-Tang style"

Yo, yeah, yo
I leave the mic in body bags
My rap style has the force to leave ya lost like the Tribe of Shabazz
Murderous material made by a madman
It's the mic wrecker, Inspectah, bad man
From the bad lands of the Killa
Rap fanatic, representin' with the skill that's iller
Dare to compare, get pierced just like your ear
The Shooby Doo-Wop pop, strictly hardware
Armed and geared 'cause I just broke out the prison
Charged by the system for murderin' the rhythm
Now, lo and behold another deadly episode
Bound to catch another fuckin' charge when I explode!

Slammin' a hype-ass verse 'til your head burst!
I ramshack dead in the track, and that's that
Rap assassin, fast and quick to blast in hard rock
I ran up in spots like Fort Knox
I'm hot! Top notch, Ghost thinks with logic
Flashbacks how I attacked your whole project
I'm raw, I'm rugged and raw! I repeat
If I die, my seed'll be ill like me
Approachin' me, yo, out of respect, chops to neck
I get vexed, like crashin' up a phat-ass Lex
So, clear the way! Make way! Yo! Open the cage!
Peace, I'm out, jettin' like a runaway slave

You gettin' stripped from your garments, boy, run your jewels
All the meth got me open like Fallopian tubes
I bring death to a snake when he least expect
Ain't a damn thing changed, boy, Protect Ya Neck!
Ruler Zig-Zag-Zig Allah, jam is fatal
Quick to stick my Wu-Tang sword right through your navel
Suspenseful force bein' brought through my utensil
The pencil, I bring strong winds up against you
Havoc, then run through your county like the Maverick
Caps through the tablets, I gots to make the fabrics

A-a-a-ah-ah, are you a warrior, killer? Slicin' shit like a samurai?
The Ol' Dirty Bastard from the bar!
Ol' Dirty clan of terrorists
Comin' at your ass like a sorceress, shootin' that piss
Niggas be gettin' on my fuckin' nerves
Rhymes they be kickin' make me wanna kick they fuckin' ass to the curb
Boy got funky fresh like the Old Specialist
A carrier, messenger, bury ya
This experience is for the whole experience
Let it be applied, Unique, drop that science!

My-My-My-My clan is thick like plaster
Bust ya, slash ya, slit a nigga back like a Dutch Master
Killer style jumped off in Killa Hilla
I was the thriller in the Ali-Frazier Manila
I came down with phat tracks that combine and interlock
Like gettin' smashed by a cinder block
PAOW! Now it's all over
Niggas seein' pink hearts, yellow moons, orange stars and green clovers34Embed
What that nigga want, God?
Word up, look out for the cops though (Wu-Tang five finger shit, fam)
Cash rules-
Word up, two for fives over here, baby
Word up, two for fives, niggas got garbage down the way
Word up, know what I'm sayin'?
Cash rules everything around me, C.R.E.A.M. get-
Yeah, check this old fly shit out, word up
(Cash rules everything around me) Take you on a natural joint
(C.R.E.A.M. get the money)
(Dollar, dollar bill, y'all) Here we, here we go, check this shit, yo

I grew up on the crime side, the New York Times side
Stayin' alive was no jive
Had second hands, Mom's bounced on old man
So then we moved to Shaolin land
A young youth, yo, rockin' the gold tooth, 'Lo goose
Only way I begin the G off was drug loot
And let's start it like this, son
Rollin' with this one and that one, pullin' out gats for fun
But it was just a dream for the teen who was a fiend
Started smokin' woolies at 16
And runnin' up in gates and doin' hits for high stakes
Makin' my way on fire escapes
No question, I would speed for cracks and weed
The combination made my eyes bleed
No question, I would flow off and try to get the dough all
Stickin' up white boys in ball courts
My life got no better, same damn 'Lo sweater
Times is rough and tough like leather
Figured out I went the wrong route
So I got with a sick-ass clique and went all out
Catchin' keys from 'cross seas
Rollin' in MPV's, every week we made forty G's
Yo, nigga, respect mine, or here go the TEC-9
Ch-chick-pow! Move from the gate now
You might also like
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar, dollar bill, y'all
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar, dollar bill, y'all
It's been twenty-two long, hard years, I'm still strugglin'
Survival got me buggin', but I'm alive on arrival
I peep at the shape of the streets
And stay awake to the ways of the world 'cause shit is deep
A man with a dream with plans to make cream
Which failed; I went to jail at the age of fifteen
A young buck sellin' drugs and such, who never had much
Tryin' to get a clutch at what I could not—
The court played me short, now I face incarceration
Pacin', goin' upstate's my destination
Handcuffed in the back of a bus, forty of us
Life as a shorty shouldn't be so rough
But as the world turned, I learned life is hell
Livin' in the world no different from a cell
Every day I 'scape from Jakes givin' chase
Sellin' base, smokin' bones in the staircase
Though I don't know why I chose to smoke sess
I guess that's the time when I'm not depressed
But I'm still depressed, and I ask: What's it worth?
Ready to give up, so I seek the old Earth
Who explained workin' hard may help you maintain
To learn to overcome the heartaches and pain
We got stick-up kids, corrupt cops, and crack rocks and stray shots
All on the block that stays hot
Leave it up to me while I be livin' proof
To kick the truth to the young black youth
But shorty's runnin' wild, smokin' sess, drinkin' beer
And ain't tryna hear what I'm kickin' in his ear
Neglected for now, but yo, it gots to be accepted
That what? That life is hectic
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar, dollar bill, y'all
Cash rules everything around me (My niggas gots to do what they gotta do)
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar, dollar bill, y'all (To get through, know what I'm sayin'?)
Cash rules everything around me (Because you can't just get by no more)
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar, dollar bill, y'all (Word up, you gotta get over, straight up and down)
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar, dollar bill, y'all

Yeah, yeah
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar, dollar bill, y'all
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar, dollar bill, y'all
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar, dollar bill, y'all
Cash rules everything around me
C.R.E.A.M., get the money
Dollar, dollar bill, y'all-all-all, yeah229Embed
But still, if one of their men is so ferocious
Don't worry about it
A disciple
I'm well aware of the fact that my kung-fu is unbeatable
Brother, we're trapped
Shaolin here
You must take my hand
Don't resist
You are a traitor
Avenge masters death
I rely on you

People say
Love is just a energy
Dealing with the claim baby
(Oh baby)

That’s when my heart turned cold
I'm a product of the block
We used to cook the product in the pot
Add soda, turn the product into rock
It's in my DNA, you see it started with my pops
In his heyday he probably put your father in a box
In my heyday, I probably put the product in my sock
Ain't no vacay, the props become a problem when it's hot
Mayday mayday, but no charge, I'm nutty with the bars
That's a payday so bruh, this ain't even a bar
This is AA, back up in the trunk with the AK
Each line pack a Fabolous punch, no diss to Ray J
Nah, see I don't dab and I don't nae nae
Got bottles coming out, warriors come out and play-ayy
Just know I'm Grade A, get a slice of bread
Okay, some hoods love me, some would like me dead
Okay, my goon's hungry, his eyes is red
But he clumsy, go "oops" upside your head
You might also like
We had 'dro and po', suckers
Range Rovers flood up the Rucker
Me, a thousand chains on, I got put on well up
Evergreen baggies, selling capsules, running in classrooms
Slick bastards get cream, yelling 'Cash rule!'
Smile like Pacquiao, but under the leather
Hold a MAC 1-O, pumpin' up in 1 Oak, the Grammy hour
Coke chemists taste the flow, it's numb, needs copper rum
Blunting off the get back, salute me then one, I'm out
Off to the races, my blazers ain't patient
They want to spray shit, get elephant blown for stalking Rae shit
Jammies carry nitrogen, light up a section like I'm on Vicodin
Fuck with the righteous men, and we fighting 'em
Yeah, yeah, yeah, the rebels is here
Metals and gear, getting fried off the medical, that's incredible
The flyest, the most notorious while they tapping those liars
Off niggas heads like papayas

Before I poly, Red lighting the Bob Marley
So I can cipher God bodies from the John Gotti's
Everybody a boss, saying they time's money
Women injections, leave 'em with the odd bodies
Babies having babies, wearing Old Navy
Robbin' old ladies, that's a product of no home training
I show you the ropes, I'm narrating Al Haymon
I told Lighty, if I hate him, I'ma violate him
I'm not a shooter but I know shooters
And if them shooters don't shoot up, I'll go suit up
Redman and the W, it's televised
We ain't them niggas, media telling hella lies (Fuck you!)
This a campfire of a vampire
I don't sleep when hot beats through the amplifier
And every nigga got something to say
I'm like, 'Yeah okay, y'all corny anyway, Doc
People say
Love is just a energy
Dealing with the claim baby
(Oh baby)

My-my-my team hard, making 'em lean hard
You see more riders lined up than you'll see at a theme park
My queen hot, making the scene pop, routine, akh
Online gangstas, I'm giving them screenshots
Hard writing lyrics to God, right?
Twisting the tale, sick as hell, Christian Bale from The Dark Knight
On sight, fogging your fog lights, your dog's like
Swayze at the Road House, down for the bar fight
Like this, like an IG pic
Before the Seahawks' 24, Lord, I been on that beast shit
Pussy, you wack, something like a cheap trick
Mike in the Billie Jean vid, I got the streets lit
Shining star, find another, you gon' find it hard
Certain death, Deck'll walk off with minor scars
Firing squad, defying the odds
And the flow solitary, just me behind the bars

Sparks up the bullet-proof, game face intensity
Applying ingenuity, Tec criminology
Sharp mathematically
Certified, recognized by every eye worldwide
Back to the streets of the do or die hustler
I understand politics, consistent, never quit
Superstar, I write hits
Come have a listen y'all, getting money, flipping it
Scripting it, record it, fans then applaud it
Ship a hundred mil', they bought and took a snort of it
Quotes like heroin coke mixed with dope
Have a overdose cardiac, Allah spin the beat back
Watch the magnetic attract 'em, club pack 'em
They stiff 'cause their wisdom was stripped when I'm attacking
People say
Love is just a energy
Dealing with the claim baby
(Oh baby)

Out of everybody getting these deals, you got all these wack ass motherfuckers getting deals
These pussy ass motherfuckers, yknowhatI'msayin?
They getting deals and... 'everybody got a deal and everybody happy and shit'
The Wu-Tang, we the best15Embed
Up from the 36 Chambers!
Heheh, it's the Ghostface Killah
Heheheh, Wu-Tang!
Wu-Tang Killa Beez—we on a swarm
Wu-Tang Killa Beez—we on a swarm
Wu-Tang Killa Beez—we on a swarm
Wu-Tang Killa Beez—we on a swarm
The RZA, the GZA, Ol' Dirty Bastard, Inspectah Deck, U-God
Ghostface Killah, the Method Man, Raekwon the Chef, the Masta Killa, Lord Messiah, LeVon, Power Cipher
12 O'Clock, 60 Second Assassin
The 4th Disciple, the Brown Hornet
K.D. the Down Low Recka
Shyheim a.k.a. The Rugged Child
Du-Du-Lilz, Mr. Hezekiah
Better known as the Yin and the Yang, the True Master
Isham, DJ Skane, the True Robocop comin' through
Scientific Shabazz, my motherfuckin' man Wise the Civilized
The Shaolin Soldiers, Daddy-O and Popa Ron
Comin' down from the motherfuckin' South end of things
Killa Beez all over your fuckin' planet
36 chambers of death;
Three-hundred and sixty degrees of perfected styles
Choppin' off your motherfuckin' dome-piece
And every fuckin' borough
Brooklyn, Manhattan, and Queens, Staten Island
The motherfuckin' Bronx, Killa Beez
You might also like
"The sword? C'mon, give him the sword!"

Clan in da front, let your feet stomp
Niggas on the left, brag shit to death (Wu, wu, wu, wu)
Hoods on the right, wild for the night (Wu, wu, wu, wu)
Punks in the back, c’mon and attract to what? (Wu, wu, wu, wu)
The Wu is comin' through, the outcome is critical
Fuckin' with my style is sort of like a miracle
On 34th Street, in the Square of Herald
I gamed Ella, the bitch caught a Fitz like Gerald-
-ine Ferraro, who's full of sorrow
'Cause the ho didn't win, but the sun will still come out tomorrow
And shine shine shine like gold mine
Here comes the drunk monk, with a quart of Ballantine
Pass the bone, kid, pass the bone!
Let's get on this mission like Indiana Jones
The GZA, one who just represent the Wu-Tang clique
With the game and soul of an old school flick
Like the Mack and Dolemite, who both did bids
Claudine went to Cooley High and had mad kids
So stop, the life you save may be your motherfuckin' own
I'll hang your ass with this microphone
Make way for the merge of traffic
Wu-Tang's comin' through with full metal jackets
God squad that's mad hard to serve
Come frontin' hard, then Bernhard Goetz what he deserves
Clan in da front, let your feet stomp
Niggas on the left, brag shit to death (Wu, wu, wu, wu)
Hoods on the right, wild for the night (Wu, wu, wu, wu)
Punks in the back, c’mon and attract to what (Wu, wu, wu, wu)

No response while I bomb that ass
You ain't shit, your wack-ass town had you gassed
Egos is somethin' the Wu-Tang crush
Souped-up niggas on a stage get rushed
I don't give a goddamn on the shows you did
How many rhymes you got or who knows you, kid
'Cause I don't know you, therefore show me what you know
I come sharp as a blade and I cut you slow
You become so Pat as my style increases
What's that in your pants? Ahh, human feces!
Throw your shitty drawers in the hamper
Next time, come strapped with a fuckin' Pamper
How you sound, B? You're better off a quitter
I'm on the mound, G, and it's a no-hitter
And my DJ, the catcher, he's my man
In a way he's the one who devised the plan
He throws the signs, I hook up the beats with clout
I throw the rhymes to the mic and I strike 'em out
So it really doesn't matter on how you intrigue
You can't fuck with those in the major leagues
Clan in da front, let your feet stomp
Niggas on the left, brag shit to death
Hoods on the right, wild for the night
Punks in the back, c’mon and attract to what
Clan in da front, let your feet stomp
Niggas on the left, brag shit to death
Hoods on the right, wild for the night
Punks in the back, c’mon and attract to what

Hoods on the right
Punks in the back… to what
Niggas on the left
Hoods on the right
Punks in the back, c'mon… to what
Let your feet stomp
Brag shit to death
Wild for the night
(Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu)
(Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu)
(Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu, Wu)
Niggas on the left, brag shit to death
Hoods on the right, wild for the night
Punks in the back, c’mon and attract
Clan in da front, let your feet stomp
30Embed

Tiger Style!
Tiger Style! (Tiger style!)

Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit

Yo, there's no place to hide once I step inside the room
Dr. Doom, prepare for the boom
Bam! Aw, man! I slam, jam, now scream like Tarzan
I be tossin', enforcin', my style is awesome
I'm causin' more family feud than Richard Dawson
And the survey said, "You're dead!"
Fatal Flying Guillotine chops off your fuckin' head
Mister, who is that? Ayo, the Wu is back
Makin' niggas go Bo! Bo! like I'm Super Cat
Me fear no one, oh no, here come
The Wu-Tang shogun, killer to my eardrum

Put the needle to the groove, I gets rude
And I'm forced to fuck it up
My style carries like a pick-up truck
Cross the clear blue yonder, sea to shinin' sea
I slam tracks like quarterback sacks from L.T
Now why try and test the Rebel INS?
Blessed since the birth, I earth-slam your best
'Cause I bake the cake, then take the cake
And eat it, too, with my crew while we head state to state
You might also like
And if you want beef, then bring the ruckus!
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthing ta fuck wit
Straight from the motherfuckin' slums that's busted
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthing ta fuck wit

Hah! Lebonon, step up, boy!
Represent! Chop his head off, kid!

The Meth will come out tomorrow
Styles, conditions, bizarre, bizarro
Flow, with more afro than Rollo
Comin' to a fork in the road, which way to go? Just follow
Meth is the legend, niggas is sleepy hollow
In fact I'm a hard act to follow
I dealt for dolo, Bogart comin' on through
Niggas is like, "Oh my God, not you!"
Yes, I come to get a slice of the punk and the pie
Rather do than die, check my flavor
Comin' from the RZA, which is short for The Razor
Who make me reminisce true
Like déjà vu, I'm rubber, niggas is like glue
Whatever you say rubs off me sticks to you
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit

Ahh-hah! Yeah! Representin' Brooklyn, Queens
Long Island, Manhattan, Bronx
The Rugged Lands of Shaolin
Niggas from Virginia, Atlanta, our boys in Ohio
Comin' through with the crazy Y-O Y-O
Yo, niggas from The Source
My man Kelly Woo from the Gavin
Will Strickland, Jason Staton, yeah
True, true, my nigga Crown, what's goin' down, boy?
We ain't nuthing ta fuck wit
The whole Texas mob, the Chicago mob
Niggas from Detroit, fuckin' California squadron
Comin' through, you know what I'm sayin'?
The whole fuckin' West Coast to the whole East
Niggas from D.C., down in Maryland
All the way over there in Morgan State
Wu-Tang Clan ain't nuthin ta fuck wit
All over the whole fuckin' globe, comin' through, boy
Peace to the fuckin' Zulu Nation
Peace to all the Gods and the Earths, word is bond
Wu-Tang slang, choppin' heads, boy
It ain't safe no more, peace!45Embed
He's taking the test
Do you know the consequences if you should fail the test?
And not get to Death Alley
My advice is not to try it
I've made up my mind, I won't fail
Don't you know, the men in there, will be fighting to kill?
I know, they're all my brothers there, but they all have their orders though: fight to kill, and show no mercy to anyone. That's why they call it, "Death Alley"
What do you prove, if you're killed?
It simply proves, that I'm not good
Wu-Tang Clan rocks the world

You guys ready?
Yo, y'all mother-motherfuckin' there?
This shit on? Yo
Nobody knows, nobody knows, nobody knows
No, no, no, no, no, no
Check it out, Zig-Zag, 2017, another Wu saga
Continue like Buck Rogers in the 21st century and we still gotta duck the fucking coppers?
Take it back to this top of the beat that I'ma fuck with now
It's already happening? This shit is happening already?You might also like1Embed
Niggas in the streets gon' learn
Them Wu-Tang niggas don't play
Niggas in the streets gon' learn
Them Def Squad niggas don't play
Niggas in the streets gon' learn
Them Jersey niggas don't play
Niggas in the streets gon' learn
Them Staten Island niggas don't play

I said one, two, three and to the fo'
I glide like there's simply no traction on the flo'
10304, live action from the door
Shawty dime, let the whole team smash her on the tour
I splash bravado, fast cash aficionado
Savage vandal, I'm a legend of tomorrow
Painting the truth, here's proof, ain't it the truth
So ill a nigga spit with a containment suit
Slayin' the booth, aim, shoot, bang! Cave in the roof
Hater, wouldn't last a day in my shoes
You know very well, bet he swell, you can tell he jeal'
My price hiking like the pills Martin Shkreli sell
Mathematics tracks, I craft havoc
Fact, I black on it, black, I'm back at it
Mathematics tracks, I craft havoc
Fact, I blacked on it, black, I'm back at it
You might also like
Niggas in the streets gon' learn
Them Wu-Tang niggas don't play
Niggas in the streets gon' learn
Them Def Squad niggas don't play
Niggas in the streets gon' learn
Them Jersey niggas don't play
Niggas in the streets gon' learn
Them Staten Island niggas don't play

Yo, I'm on top of the world, mama, lookey here
I'm a boy beastin' in my car, Paul Revere
Horsepower, never fell off, look in the mirror
When I drop something, you like Martin, all ears
Late Night Letterman, I light it like Edison
Fire through the wire, I wrote it out in Maryland
Arrogant? Yes. Tune in, my Hot 9 Flex
Cut the check and your boy digress
At my age it's all about bread
Tryna be nice at 40, you can have it all shawty
I'm tryna make history, and history say
Fuck rap, I divorced her, the bitch bore me
Throw your hands up, let's tear the bar up
So much bud I started sweating cigar guts
And these white folks love me like a Starbucks
Fuck with one dude, you gotta fuck with all us
Niggas in the streets gon' learn
Them Wu-Tang niggas don't play
Niggas in the streets gon' learn
Them Def Squad niggas don't play
Niggas in the streets gon' learn
Them Jersey niggas don't play
Niggas in the streets gon' learn
Them Staten Island niggas don't play

Mathematics, you a fucking genius, nigga. yo, fuck that
Ladies and gentlemen
I need you to put your hands together
For worldwide international producer
Worldwide international DJ
And the creator of the Wu-Tang W symbol
Ladies and gentlemen
Please put your hands together and show your love
For our brother and yours - Mathematics5Embed
Pass the fuckin' weed, nigga
Man my fuckin' phone is goin' crazy right now, man
Once this nigga hit me up and bring me this blunt
Shit, man
Ahh this bitch
Ayo, ayo

It's like six in the morning
Me and Miller just finished our pack
Couple fiends on the avenue, they lookin' for crack
Grab the Nextel like yo L, police on the jack
I'm in that wide-body six and I'm sippin' on yak
Blunt of the apple haze got me chilling on lean, back high
Mean like, drive by pumpin' that lean back
Peace out, ridin' the whip
Look at how I'm ridin' my six
Four fifth tucked right on his hip
Some dumb drunk, this nigga has stick
Was parked right on the block
Watchin' us but I ain't peep him and shit
Anyway, back to the story, you steamin' and shit
Pass the piff, we got fiends waitin', fiendin' and shit
Connect got me waitin', fuck, so I'm heated and shit
On the phone cursin' at shorty, "I'm leavin' you, bitch"
Too much goin' on at one time, I'm dumb high
Seen a group of  tryna run by
This man in a whip, threw the clip and my gun dry
Please cock back, but he spin around one time
 his man comin' by
We're like two more trucks and they creep from behind
Threw it in drive, now Hue ride sick when he high
Pull up  they want us to die
Loose cannons do damage, well I'm dumpin' this 9
Whole clique in the back and we ready to ride
You might also like
I said I'm fast and I'm furious, headed on the I-95
Ready to ride when I'm blastin', I'm killin' shit
Fast and I'm furious, y'all want it with me?
Take a shot, here's a hundred and three
Shit I'm fast and I'm furious, headed on the I-95
Ready to ride when I'm blastin', I'm killin' shit
Fast and I'm furious, y'all want it with me?
Take a shot, here's a hundred and three

Hey, yo
Got the call from the connect from down bottom
They said they got the squares
And they all for a good price and they solid
Reply 10-4, hung up the horn, got dressed
Waves, rest the best, yes, threw the Franck Muller on
Sophisticated, nothin' flashy, solid king, move like a boss
But the calm flowin' into somethin' nasty
Puffin' on the finest cheeba, green as a rainforest
Doin' a buck on I-95, screamin', "I live for this,"
They just seen us comin', blew a flat
Pulled over to the shoulder
Pop the trunk to see if it's a spare in the back
A van pulled up, with Florida tags
Three men jumped out with guns drawn and they all wore masks
Snatched me up and handcuffed me
Hit me with the butt of the gun
I'm thinkin' to myself, "The war just begun"
Thirty minutes in the ride, the mask came off
The chickens dropped, the two in the back had Russian accents
Askin' who my connect is, where he rest shit
You better off squeezin' that tool bitch
He said, "Nah, you're worth more to us alive than dead."
He's flashed his badge and started laughin'
"Cocksucker, we the feds"
I said I'm fast and I'm furious, headed on the I-95
Ready to ride when I'm blastin', I'm killin' shit
Fast and I'm furious, y'all want it with me?
Take a shot, here's a hundred and three
Shit I'm fast and I'm furious, headed on the I-95
Ready to ride when I'm blastin', I'm killin' shit
Fast and I'm furious, y'all want it with me?
Take a shot, here's a hundred and threeEmbed
Uh, yeah
Choose a side

Look, vibe with me
Rhyme is tricky, who ridin' with me
Who kinda miss me can kindly miss me, you kinda iffy
Don't know the history? I'm from the city of stop-and-frisk me
The cops is jiggy, they spot the blickey then try and get me
My pops a Willie, said "Give her fifty, she pop her kitty"
He Bad Boy and he Poppa really, it's not a Biggie
See my committee, block offici', it's not an ishy
Or I'm too lazy to cross roads, if not, I'm busy
It's not a mystery who shot Ricky, but where the difference
Between the tré and the dough boy, we bred different
So bear witness, this can leave you with head missing
If y'all can hear me, I guarantee you the feds listening
So I be spittin' in barcode, nothin' left in the tap, dog
And after the last call, the bar close
This my Cohiba, cigar blow
Even Tony Stark knows the tension is thick as Wallabee Clark soles
But did I mention I'm sick and gotta be hardcore
Hard-boiled, taking your base, that's what we ball for
Money over bimbos, that's what the Mob for
Rappers stuck in limbo 'cause they were settin' the bar low
Every time I rhyme on a track, it's like a convo
King, we put the nine to your back, it's like you Rondo
When it come to John, though, I'ma slaughter a John Doe
Drag him through a drive-thru like he ordered the combo
Hands on him, we wild style with the cans on him
Then come defeat, that's my beliefs and I stand on 'em
Give you the beats, no Doc Dre or brands on 'em
Some men want 'em, these verses hot and the fans want 'em
I'm from the school of them hard knocks with harder standards
I've been a hard rock before they added the Arm & Hammers
My meth bananas, bogus method, we call it bama
Gun on the camera so we can shoot them in panoramas
Na-nana-nana, I'm feelin' petty, but watch your manners
Use proper grammar so we could stop with the propaganda
No type of slander but tell them hoes, "I'm not your Santa"
Just want the body, nobody tryin' to pot-and-pan ya
Cop scanners, a fuller house but we not the Tanners
If shooters bringin' them Hawks out, then it's not Atlanta's
You might also like
If time is money, I got time and time saved
I pull your blinds and stop shine behind shade
Nobody get 'til I got mine, my mind made
If time is money, I got time and time saved
I pull your blinds and stop shine behind shade
Nobody get 'til I got mine, my mind made

Choose a side
Math vs Meth, Cival War

If time is money, I got time and time saved
I pull your blinds and stop shine behind shade
Nobody get 'til I got mine, my mind made
If time is money, I got time and time saved
I pull your blinds and stop shine behind shade
Nobody get 'til I got mine, my mind made4Embed

Music is life I ain't in to fashion or ice
I ain't into chain snatchin', ain't into smackin' a wife
Fan supportin' don't never ask him the price
If you new you can't afford it, you better askin' advice
Stick to the point if I ever had me a knife
Y'all gas better hope I don't ever have me a light
Meth, not the type you do in a pipe
But the type when you feel it you know I'm doing it right
You know I spit it but hate to love to admit it
They criticizing the lyrics, guess everybody's a critic, look
I push the limit while rappers is pushing gimmicks
I use it to push my pen and then add it to the premise hook
Yah, still talk about it and I still live it
Underground without a shovel and still diggin'
It's always been about the struggle, y'all just didn't get it
My hood trouble, if y'al don't live here then don't visit

Most of us poppin' pain, sellin' drugs in the rain
I don't sweat money, neck chills in the frost
Make money, maintain and build me a train
Rollin' Buddha, ice cooler, Grey Goose, and a big Ruger
Most of us poppin' pain, sellin' drugs in the rain
I don't sweat money, neck chills in the frost
Make money, maintain and build me a train
Rollin' Buddha, ice cooler, Grey Goose, and a big Ruger
You might also like
And do you know the penalty for that?
What penalty?
The penalty is death and there is no alternative

Color me bad
Face emerge, blood in the bath
Switchblade, quick raid, drugs on the glass
Ugly villains, hunchback, gun for the killin'
Suitcase, FBI plant a bug on the millions
Shoot-outs, hang glides on the train ride
Mafia's assassins, cocaine's inside
Fat man with the pinky ring laughin'
Movin' the static through traffic
The hoss, boss called The Dragon
His head's bald, enemies are mauled
His hands are claws, cigar's lit, targets are hit
His broad is fit with the largest tits
Through the fog, they sit
Helicopters over Nicaragua
Scuba divers dig for lobster
The zoo are tigers, pits, and jaguars
The bets, NASCAR
Threats, Nasaw
Fools wear wires, shooters was hired
Most of us poppin' pain, sellin' drugs in the rain
I don't sweat money, neck chills in the frost
Make money, maintain and build me a train
Rollin' Buddha, ice cooler, Grey Goose, and a big Ruger
Most of us poppin' pain, sellin' drugs in the rain
I don't sweat money, neck chills in the frost
Make money, maintain and build me a train
Rollin' Buddha, ice cooler, Grey Goose, and a big Ruger

Like a Shaolin astoundin', pound grounds like mountains
Bouncin', be the largest nigga, pounds and ounces
Well-rounded like cursive, my verses birth inertia
Converge and surge, hurt and burn ya
Philosophical, spit prodigal, son quantical
Known to bust a clip and swift kick right at your opticals
In a hot pursuit, I split particles, follicles rift
Punches hit with nautical drifts, spark up the spliff
Chris Samurai, mesmerized, strikes cleaner than sanitize
You fantasize, real, couldn't show it more if I pantomime
Bronx symphony, stomp lyrically, chomp bitch MCs
Earn mine, wouldn't even give you niggas my sympathies
Feelin' me? Said you feelin' me, you niggas feelin' heat
Brave hearted, you leave departed like Hawk's enemies
Marvel, marvelous, my art is bliss
If you ain't the nicest, you a target, bitch
Chris
We the first niggas that did that. I don't give a fuck what nobody say
Alright bring it back a little bit

Most of us poppin' pain, sellin' drugs in the rain
I don't sweat money, neck chills in the frost
Make money, maintain and build me a train
Rollin' Buddha, ice cooler, Grey Goose, and a big Ruger
Most of us poppin' pain, sellin' drugs in the rain
I don't sweat money, neck chills in the frost
Make money, maintain and build me a train
Rollin' Buddha, ice cooler, Grey Goose, and a big Ruger

Are you kidding? I don't necce? it's brutal. You deserve to be punished
Well, I'd like to see you try that
You think this is going to work out? It isn't going to be quite so easy. He who kills will be killed. Those who kill will have to be killed
Wh-what now?2Embed
Form better niggas, club night, no sparkles
Forty wolves on deck with burners in their snorkel
Criminology, pea soup Wallabees
Ghostface Killahs with degrees in gynecology/gun-ecology (Yeah)
Shoot your old lady in her privacy (Word)
A bunch of ho-ho-hoes wanna ride with me (Go Santa)
I’m caught up in these strong-arm robberies
Flee with the lottery, these pussy niggas shot at me
Yo, you ever been face-fucked with a four-fifth?
Sweating, facial expression is stressing like ‘oh shit’
That’s the shit that I don’t like
Non-rappin’ rappers in the booth and they don’t write
Fuckin’ stupid ass rappers
Acting out of their character, I shoot and stab rappers
P! What it do, nigga?
I fucks with Wu-Tang and a couple of new niggas
I don’t weirdo with queer clothes
I share flows, when it enter your earhole
Shit, it’s a thing of pure beauty
Everything that’s spittin’ is written by yours truly
Nigga, when Sean write hard
Niggas do anything for it like Klondike Bars
Pa, I’m the greatest of all-time
How should we forget the latest with Alzheim’s?
You might also like
Form better niggas, club night, no sparkles
Forty wolves on deck with burners in their snorkel
Criminology, pea soup Wallabees
Ghostface Killahs with degrees in gynecology/gun-ecology (Yeah)
Shoot your old lady in her privacy (Word)
A bunch of ho-ho-hoes wanna ride with me (Go Santa)
I’m caught up in these strong-arm robberies
Flee with the lottery, these pussy niggas shot at me

Since, birth, I’ve been a fast learner, ask my earth
That’s my mama, kept a burner in her purse
This murder in the first
Whatcha thought, that was the gift? That’s the curse
I put everythang on it, that’s ‘The works’
I’m in it for the perks
‘Cause it’s not about the image, it’s the thirst
And how they kill your image with a verse
A hater get it worse
I’m telling every member of your church
They gon’ have to put your image on a shirt
‘Til I finish my dessert, nobody eatin’
That’s everybody, I mean anybody
I might leave somebody bleedin’
Or watch me catch a homi', even hit you in the lobby
Shotty pop ya like a molly, probably leave you hardly breathin’
Don’t try to Blaze with Johnny even if you got an army
Dirty money in the laundry, don’t ask why, I got my reasons
I puff that Bob Marley, might hit you with the Tommy
You can catch me in the party near the speaker not speakin’
Form better niggas, club night, no sparkles
Forty wolves on deck with burners in their snorkel
Criminology, pea soup Wallabees
Ghostface Killahs with degrees in gynecology/gun-ecology (Yeah)
Shoot your old lady in her privacy (Word)
A bunch of ho-ho-hoes wanna ride with me (Go Santa)
I’m caught up in these strong-arm robberies
Flee with the lottery, these pussy niggas shot at me
Pass any test of litmus, workout at 24-Hour Fitness
On the weekend, I’m sipping Belvedere with that citrus
My dogs is vicious, exotic nympho broad for my mistress
Life is good, live every day like it is Christmas
Happy New Year—I do what the fuck I wanna do here, nigga
Splash the handcrafted Gucci from the shirt to the shoe wear
I crush the rings out, wife-beater tee with no wings out
I got stamina, I’ll long-dick a bird ‘til she sings out
La-la-la-la, Bobby Dig convert Lady Gaga
Back to heterosexual, I’m classic like Impala
Plus, I’m federal, when it comes to making dollars
Like Jiggaman, nigga, if you hear me, fuckin’ holla
Power rings like the Green Lantern, last seen in a mean Phantom
In the valley of Ohio, outside the town of Canton
Or the grotty body projects in the Killa Hills of Staten
Saw a redbone in my shower just looking like Paula Patton
Form better niggas, club night, no sparkles
Forty wolves on deck with burners in their snorkel
Criminology, pea soup Wallabees
Ghostface Killahs with degrees in gynecology/gun-ecology (Yeah)
Shoot your old lady in her privacy (Word)
A bunch of ho-ho-hoes wanna ride with me (Go Santa)
I’m caught up in these strong-arm robberies
Flee with the lottery, these pussy niggas shot at me
Form better niggas, club night, no sparkles
Forty wolves on deck with burners in their snorkel
Criminology, pea soup Wallabees
Ghostface Killahs with degrees in gynecology/gun-ecology
Shoot your old lady in her privacy
A bunch of ho-ho-hoes wanna ride with me (Go Santa)
I’m caught up in these strong-arm robberies
Flee with the lottery, these pussy niggas shot at me
Form better niggas, club night, no sparkles1Embed
A mi name Swnkah, comin' live
Kingston fight, black roots, youths from 
Big up RZA, Mathematics, all Wu-Tang Clan
A we come for Chinatown to Babylon

If I put my fist through the face of a racist
Smack 'em tasteless
Would I face three cases in court, locked in places
Or shackled to a seat of a bus, a hundred of us
Life in America shouldn't be so tough
We got western civilization got me fighting for my civil rights
After fighting scores of war, we still fight for our civil rights
To be equal citizens with equal opportunity
Equal chance to advance and uplift our communities
But instead we getting shot in the head
Like a black man life ain't worth a loaf of bread
"Stop or I shoot," you stop, they still shoot
Buck, buck, buck they stomp you out with steel boots

Oh, why, why, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why, why, why?
You might also like
They trying to distract us from our practice
And shackle us up, mentally retract us backwards
Attack us like the prophet on the way to Damascus
It's like we huddle up, had control of the ball, let 'em sack us
Now they overtax us as if they want to collapse us
Don't be diluted by this foolishness
30 years old man still want nothing do with this
Try to find career and a beer on the weekend
And a freak he could take to the crib on the weekend
SUV, XM, heat, only plays the Weeknd
Only wanna fuck you 5 AM with no tweeting
Honey's 25 should be working but she's twerking
Nobodies tripping she could make money from stripping
And I'm sitting in the back sipping my 'yac
Can't help but thinking that "What does her father think of that?"
Probably because I got a daughter
I heard Money Mayweather, he makes it rain without water
He dropped 50 G's at a strip club near the border
A dozen women crawling on all fours up
Woah, hey, you should've saw her
You should've took that money to a college campus
But then again, I guess momma needed some Pampers
But from my view, these wizards need some pampering
Not  stop looting and tamperin' with the essence
Even with a lack of substance
And she wonders why, why, why she can't keep her husband?
We come to unite people
Every color, every race
Every shape, every face
All around the nation
No discrimination
Peace and love 
From generation to generation
Jah,  not take it no more
 RZA, Wu-Tang Clan, take it to there
(Oh, why, why?)

It's getting realer
Streets gettin' hotter, I could feel it
Who am I to put a gun to another
I'm just trying to show love to my brother
Hands up, I just pray to God I make it out
(Stop killin' )
Is my life not enough, am I hard to love
If it's America we trusted each other knock me down
And I'm just trying to live it up
Only one life to live and I ain't trying to give it up

Oh, why, why, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why?

Oh, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why?
Oh, why, why, why, why?Embed
Allah Math, dig it

My block is G'd up, the cops is racist
Staircases is peed up, haters get beat up
Woman are getting eat up
Look at this paper don't need much
But still need a calculator to keep up
Je-sus; I'm doing me, B.I.G
Hit Lil Cease up after I hit this tree up
Me, I get my cheese up
Puff the buddha, I get my Chi up
My team in the building until the lease up
Look, you think this method ain't pro-lific then pro-hibit
See, I'm the witted but like my daddy, no different
A go-getter, I go get it, now go figure
Without no figures, no gold cards, no gold diggers
To quote Jigga, I goes hard, I blow Swishers
I blow that trigger, your whole squad can go wit'cha
Ay, Dio mío, I'm a hell of a flow spitter
You ain't my people, I don't care if you know RZA
'Cause at the end of the day
I'm a problem, boy, stay out of my way
Now if you see me in the streets, you better give me my space
And if I beat you to the punch, I punch you dead in your face
You might also like
Murder niggas, luxurious, banks I was draped
Caked out
The Corleone connection in all selection
Murder niggas, luxurious, banks I was draped
Caked out
The Corleone connection in all selection
Murder niggas, luxurious, banks I was draped
Caked out
The Corleone connection in all selection
Take over, quick fast, violate, slap shit
And every borough, state, town, prison, map shit

Drink sippin', no slippin', weed, women
No kidding, big business, tops missing
Ice glisten, clear vision, keep wishin'
Welcome to the big boy life
Bottle popping, no stopping, haters watching
Speaker knocking, shorty hoppin', rollie copin'
Wig rockin', big talking, cash dropping
Welcome to the big boy life - yeah

Yeah, yeah, yo, yeah
We known to do this
The flow is losing, it's so abusive
Was born a Christian but Joe the truth is that dough is Jewish
I over do this, fuck a moderation
Homie we focused, my camp Auschwitz with the concentration
Meth-Tical, R-Dash, Allah Math
Step in my shoes and leave footprints in God's path
These surfaces try to divert us away from a higher purpose
I look emcees in their eyes, you looking kind of nervous
But we knowing the mean, the leader's showing ya
King of kings, Haile Selassie, Ethiopia
Blunt condition chronic and I don't mean that pneumonia
So shorty you and your friend
I'm bout to leave with the both of ya
She tell me that she need me
They always come right back
Bitches get repo'd quicker than Tyga's Lamborghini
We eating lobster and shrimp
Rappers is Ramadan
Too raw, I shouldn't spit without a condom on
The type of rookie that's respected by the veterans
'Cause dog I ain't a rookie, I'm a motherfucking veteran
Light up the medicine, just know you've been warned
'Cause when the killer bees starting to swarm, you know it's on
Murder niggas, luxurious, banks I was draped
Caked out
The Corleone connection in all selection
Murder niggas, luxurious, banks I was draped
Caked out
The Corleone connection in all selection
Murder niggas, luxurious, banks I was draped
Caked out
The Corleone connection in all selection
Take over, quick fast, violate, slap shit
And every borough, state, town, prison, map shit

Drink sippin', no slippin', weed, women
No kidding, big business, tops missing
Ice glisten, clear vision, keep wishin'
Welcome to the big boy life
Bottle popping, no stopping, haters watching
Speaker knocking, shorty hoppin', rollie copin'
Wig rockin', big talking, cash dropping
Welcome to the big boy life - yeah4Embed
Shaolin shadowboxing and the Wu-Tang sword style
If what you say is true
If what you say is true

The clouds was gray, the sky was black
Two undercover pigs jumped out the Pontiac
Trying to extort us, they wanna know where the money at
We countin’ the cream, my team get plenty stacks
Let the guards bill wherever we at
We attackin’ the mind state
We civilized niggas we don’t think of the crime rate
The mind’s infinite now, we can’t waste time
Take the ones that know the ledge, leave the rest behind
Salute, fall back in line
Here come the first nine out of the booth
Sparks of energy, create more life and more synergy
Forever is Wu, you can never sever the glue
Homie is Mathematical, beats is bangin’
All my lords get radical
Don’t blast the past homie, that’s equilateral
JJY, Killa Beez is splattering you
And everybody love us in here
It don’t matter who
You might also like
(Look, look, look)
Shoulder rolling off the beat
Catch a 'J, I kiss it and throw it back
Science is sweet and questional
This is Irief Jamal, unique professional
Blessin’ you a hundred mill flow
Steel tip arrow and bow, I pull and let it go
Look how the crowd go wild for this mic style
Wu World Clan united this how the reptile
Keepin’ us apart between some darts from the heart
Forever stayin’ mentally sharp, spark the brain
Physically equipped to tear you out the frame
I don’t play with this mic thing
But brings all of the above, I reign

If what you say is true

This is target practice, watch me get my darts off
Leave 'em bleedin' out with they shoes and they socks off
Fit it on the sidewalk, this is real talk
Anybody could get it, I pop a couple shots off
Home of this smash and grab, I’m taking minds off the top
Doin' stick up, no mask, I got the drop
Run up on you, in front of your buildin'
Now you speak a bazillion
Gun you down right in front of your children
We bang out on a regular basis, or raise havoc face
Leave no shell, these open cases
My description, big black bodacious
All black, Wu, hoodie on with the go fat laces
If what you say is true

A rhyme is a struggle from conception
Series of complex maps in all directions
Totally dependent on an act of breathing
Learning, depending on an act of reading
The MC draws in a long, deep breath
Holding it until makin’ it right before it left
Extracting from it is life-giving properties
Reacting from it, and control the properly

If what you say is true
The Shaolin and the Wu-Tang
Could be dangerous

Now, do you understand?
Now, do you understand?
The only way we can stay strong as we stick together
'Cause they gon' try, they gon' try
Let me tell you what they gon' try to do
And y'all remember the shit, y'all gon' tell them, fucking world
Teach all the babies and shit
They gon' try to make black and white go against each other
Which they can't because we already having a good time
WU!
WU!
WU!
That was great! Wonderful!
Terrific duel! The best that I've ever seenEmbed
This is how it sounds when the hoods go BANG!
This is how it sound when the hood go BANG! (Yeah)
This is how it sound when the hood go BANG!
Yeah, here we go (Here we go)
I said this is how it sound when the hood go BANG!
This is how it sound when the hood go BANG! (BANG!)
This is how it sound when the hood go BANG!
*click click* BANG!

Yo, this is how it sound when the hood go bang
You can cop a couple of bricks of good cocaine
I’m a block scholar, call me Dollars, I don’t change
I’m a Rottweiler, diamond collar with gold fangs
Yep, a top shotter, Don Dada, rhyme proper
Might even take the ‘R’ out of brother—why bother?
Mic on Halloween, I mean, I’m clearly a monster
We gathered here today so that I could dearly depart ya
Math, bars better than Willy Wonka’s
It’s how to get away with a murder—you feel me, Shonda?
Rhymes like karma, I’m hood, stash the contra
You ever hear a rhymer this good, smack ya mamas
But it’s still death over dishonor
‘Cause you can get it next and get death over this drama
Math verse Meth, this Civil War is a starter
Men turn to martyrs, Wu-Tang bang regardless
You might also like
Yeah, this is how it sounds when the hoods go BANG!
This is how it sound when the hood go BANG!
This is how it sound when the hood go BANG!
Yeah, here we go (Here we go)
I said this is how it sound when the hood go BANG!
This is how it sound when the hood go BANG!
This is how it sound when the hood go BANG!
*click click* BANG! BANG!3Embed
Girl you’ve got to know that you’ll always be my only one
The only one, the only one, the only one
‘Cause baby you’re the one
Tonight I’m taking off so I can make time
For the one, ’cause you’re the one, the only one
Baby you’re the one

Floor seats row five at the Barclays
My girl's physical she wanna see Beyoncé
Lipstick from hugging me close, it's on the collar
Tomorrow night dear, we gonna crash the Oscars
Shout-out to my L.A. jeweler for the chandelier 'round her neck
Yeah, my baby's the best
Her credit line is like RZA and 'Vines combined
She can ride off the lot at the drop of a dime
Rozay minks, matching Diors
I cop that shit overseas on tours
No makeup, when she wake up
Sweatpants and the fat ass
Boxed braids, watch where she laced up
She be in the kitchen like Patti LaBelle
With a bunch of jokes all day like Dave Chappelle
A checkbook queen who had a manager well
In the bedroom, she be doin' it and doin' it well
You might also like
Girl you’ve got to know that you’ll always be my only one
The only one, the only one, the only one
‘Cause baby you’re the one
Tonight I’m taking off so I can make time
For the one, ’cause you’re the one, the only one
Baby you’re the one

Look me in my eye and lie to me again
Tell me I'm your only lover, your best friend
Tell me that this moment we have would never end
Look me in my eye and lie to me again
She had a couch in the library
And a bed that led to a cemetery
Yeah, shorty had money to call an Audi
I was hard as a brick as she iPhone record me
Put on iCloud, let TMZ report me
Oh, what a girl, what a world she bought me
When our lips touch, she likes it rough
Bustin' like a rocket to the moon or bust
This is past fascination, it's past infatuation
This just like she was my soul aspiration
She's the type who likes sex over masturbation
And tonight, I'm gearing up full ejaculation
Like...
Girl you’ve got to know that you’ll always be my only one
The only one, the only one, the only one
‘Cause baby you’re the one
Tonight I’m taking off so I can make time
For the one, ’cause you’re the one, the only one
Baby you’re the one

You're like the early-in-the-morning spring flower that blossomed To a rich, delicate, high-pitched colorful skin tone
Acrylic—let me gorilla it
You think I'm feeling shit
But if you just shit and listen to the way that I spit
Stimulated off the way that you switch
Illustrious wisdom
Queen of the Seven Seas
Why you makin' me appear to be mean?
I speak from the root of our self-esteem
Let me embrace that
Holding you captive, you're so attractive
So let me taste that
And beat it up real good until you say cat
You're not a hood rat
You're from a good batch
Your intellect reflects light that make the people unite
You got flavor like Michelle Barack
You're high maintenance
And your shell is black you speak languages
Girl you’ve got to know that you’ll always be my only one
The only one, the only one, the only one
‘Cause baby you’re the one
Tonight I’m taking off so I can make time
For the one, ’cause you’re the one, the only one
Baby you’re the one1Embed

One more, one more
One more for you, hold on
Yo, yeah, uh
One more 'fore he hit the door
We got one more 'fore he hit the door
Check it, yo

Southern baptist, southern baptist
I used to be a southern baptist
I used to be a southern baptist
Evangelist appear with seven candlesticks
Now the Qur'an is on my mantle
I meditate before I channel this
Energy from the North
I can put Loki on a cross
I snatch the hammer from Thor
Then knock Odin off his horse
I choke Hercules out with his own chains
My strong game in front of Clark Kent
I finger-fuck Lois Lane
At the same time I pick-pocket Bruce Wayne
I got his credit card, his ID, assets to his caveYou might also likeEmbed
Yo, check, check it
You can never defeat
Yo, check the method of this shit right here one time
The gods
Sparkin' your brain cells to the upmost
Impossible
Unlimited epidemics bein' spreaded
You can never defeat
You know, we try and add on for y'all niggas
The gods
Yo, yo

Fusion of the five elements to search for the higher intelligence
Women walk around celibate, livin' irrelevant
The most benevolent king, communicatin' through your dreams
Mental pictures been painted, Allah's heard and seen
Everywhere, throughout your surrounding atmosphere
Troposphere, thermosphere, stratosphere
Can you imagine from one single idea, everything appeared here?
Understanding makes my truth crystal clear
Innocent Black immigrants locked in housing tenements
Eighty-Five percent tenants dependent welfare recipients
Stapleton's been stamped as a concentration camp
At night I walk through, third eye as bright as a street lamp
Electric microbes, robotic probes
Takin' telescope pictures of the globe
Babies gettin' pierced with microchips stuffed inside they earlobes
Then examinated, blood contaminated
Vaccinated, lives fabricated
Exaggerated authorization, Food and Drug Administration
Testin' poison in prison population
My occupation to stop the inauguration of Satan
Some claim that it was Reagan, so I come to slay men
Like Bartholomew, 'cause every particle is physical article
Was diabolical to the last visible molecule
A spaceknight like Rom, consume planets like Unicron
Blasting photon bombs from the arm like Galvatron
You might also like
United Nations, gun bias style patient
Formulating rap plural a capella occupation
Conquer land like Napoleon, military bomb fest
We want sanitary food, planetary conquest
Thug peoples on some hardco' body shit
Get your shit together 'fore the fuck Illuminati hit
Dreams is free and escape is sleep
For a fool peep jewels, keep tools for tough time
The rule of rough mind, elevate, stay behind
The sun gotta shine, keep on, cremate
The whole Babylon, time's up, move on
Kings on your pawn, checkmate, no fakes
Supposed through the gate, case closed things get froze
When it comes time, chosen ones will hold the guns
We take flight with no fright and attack
Never fear 'cause our words is clear
What's been done can't be undone, son, we can't care
'Cause the last days and times are surely here
Snakes and flakes get blown by the righteous ones
Divine minds bind, we unified as one
Half of Black folk, we half broke, smoke a bowl of weed shit
Our everlastin' essence stay flyin' over Egypt

For you to defeat the gods
Impossible, you can never defeat the gods
Impossible
For you to defeat the gods
Call an ambulance, Jamie been shot, word to Kimmy
Don't go, son, nigga, you my motherfucking heart
Stay still, son, don't move, just think about Keeba
She'll be three in January, your young God needs ya
The ambulance is takin' too long
Everybody get the fuck back, excuse me, bitch, give me your jack
1-7-1-8, 9-1-1, low battery, damn
Blood comin' out his mouth, he bleedin' badly
Nahhh, Jamie, don't start that shit
Keep your head up, if you escape hell, we gettin' fucked up
When we was eight, we went to Bat Day to see the Yanks
In '69, his father and mines, they robbed banks
He pointed to the charm on his neck
With his last bit of energy left, told me rock it with respect
I opened it, seen the God holdin' his kids
Photogenic, tears just burst out my wig
Plus he dropped one
Oh shit, here come his Old Earth with no shoes on
Screamin', holdin' her breasts with a gown on
She fell and then lightly touched his jaw, kissed him
Rubbed his hair, turned around, the ambulance was there
Plus the blue coats, Officer Lough, took it as a joke
Weeks ago he strip-searched the God and gave him back his coke
Bitches yellin', Beenie Man swung on Helen
In the back of a cop car, Dirty Tasha tellin'
But suddenly, a chill came through, it was weird
Felt like my man was cast out my heaven, now we share
Laid on the stretcher, blood on his Wallies like ketchup
Deep like the Paul assassination with a sketch of it
It can't be, from Yoo-hoo to Lee's
Second grade, humped the teachers, about to leave
Finally, this closed chapter comes to an end
He was announced, pronounced dead, y'all, at 12:10
Now what my man is tryin' to tell y'all
Is that across the whole globe
The murder rates is increasin' and we decreasin'
So at the same time, when you play with guns
When you play with guns, son
That causes the conflict of you goin' against your own
You hear me? So let's pay attention
Straight up and down, 'cause this is only a story
From the real7Embed
Yo, this goes for all my brothers and sisters locked down
For all my peoples incarcerated, for those who ain't make it

Yo, in the housing, thousands seen early graves
Victims of worldly ways, memories stays engraved
All my live brothers is locked down with high numbers
The young hunger, blind to these lies, they die younger
In this New World, the Order slaughter men, women and children
Ten feet gates surround the building, keep us sealed in
The projects, lifeless like a Vietnam vet
Constant war, except for threats of enemy conquest
Crooked cops comb my building complex that's in the rumble
Streets are like a jungle, can't let my cypher crumble
Vivid thoughts, Devils resort to trick knowledge
They kick garbage, lust for chicks and quick dollars
I know the pain the game bring, I did the same thing
Spaced out in the staircase, performin' a sting
It's hard to keep control, I bless those who seek a scroll
Tryin' to reach a whole nation and break the sleeper hold
Not a role model, I walk a hard road to follow
I sold bottles of sorrow then chose poems and novels
The gospel was told, some souls it swallowed whole
Mentally they fold, and they eventually sold
Their life and times, deadly like the virus design
But too minute to dilute the scientist mind
You might also like
You can't party your life away, drink your life away
Smoke your life away, fuck your life away
Dream your life away, scheme your life away
'Cause your seeds grow up the same way

A voice cries from the wilderness of the North
A representation of the families that lost one
All victims of incarceration
Or other divisions of the family structure
Youths are injected with serums that leads to skin irritations
Babies being born with disfigurations, experimentations
On their faces, there bear worry-ations
Of mothers that carry the pain
Of blood stained streets where sisters mourn and wail
Fifth brothers been slain from hails of gun fire
It lightly begins to rain
Screams of terror are hidden by the passin' trains
This can't be little Hussein
His uncle cries as he drops to his nephew's side, holdin' his cane
Just give me a name
Of who has inflicted this bitter sickness, and left us to witness

Yo, curses from war, innocent blood spills for days
Soothe in godly ways, hands, solemn in praise
Tree of life, more precious than rubies, golden game
The wise shall flourish inherit, Halls of Fame
Crime visions in my blood got me locked in prison
While we die, hard-livin' people whine about religion, vision
Blow, spin, and sin and killin' what's revealin'
It's a never endin' battle with no endin' or beginnin', listen
Zero process, progress, become the hunted
America's most wanted, good life, flaunt it, want it
Some love the speed, some satisfy a need
Some wanna be down, young gun seed, jungle breed
The strong must feed, someone die, someone bleed
One flew astray, and it caught my little seed
Can it be? The ice savage, trife life, made me grab the knife
The righteous man was beat with many stripes, pipes
Take in my energy, breath and know the rest
'Cause the good die young and the hard die best
You can't party your life away, drink your life away
Smoke your life away, fuck your life away
Dream your life away, scheme your life away
'Cause your seeds grow up the same way
'Cause your seeds grow up the same way
'Cause your seeds grow up the same way

Y'all bitches love dances, and pullin' down your pants
While your man's on tour, your spendin' up his advances
Your friends ain't shit, all they do is drink, smoke, and suck dick
The whole projects is trapped in six
You either high school drop-outs, one to three cop-outs
Fifteen years old, shorty ass and top out
Ninety-nine cent beer drinkin', pussy stinkin'
Fuckin' so much, your ass and titties start shrinkin'
New World Order slave trade, minimum wage, Medicaid
Can a devil fool a Muslim nowadays?
Inside my lab, I'm goin' mad
Took two drags off the blunts, and started breakin' down the flag
The blue is for the Crips, the red is for the Bloods
The white's for the cops, and the stars come from the clubs
Or the slugs that ignites through the night, by the dawn early light
Why is sons fightin' for the stripe?
As we dwell through this concrete hell, callin' it home
Mama say, "Take your time, young man, and build your own
Don't wind up like your old dad
Still searchin' for them glory days he never had"
So many bad want to scheme for American dream, no more kings
The cash rule everythin' now, we goin' down
These babies lookin' up to us, it's up to us
The Million Man March MC's, get on the bus
But envy, greed, lust and hate separate
Though the devil mind state blood kin cannot relate
No longer brothers, we unstable
Like Cain when he slew Abel, killin' each other

You can't party your life away, drink your life away
Smoke your life away, fuck your life away
Dream your life away, scheme your life away
'Cause your seeds grow up the same way
'Cause your seeds grow up the same way
'Cause your seeds grow up the same way10Embed

Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buck wild with the trigger
Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buck—I'll fuck your ass up!

Yo, hut one, hut two, hut three—hut!
Ol' Dirty Bastard, live and uncut
Styles unbreakable, shatterproof
To the young youth, you wanna get gun? Shoot!
Blaow! How you like me now? Don't fuck the style
Ruthless, wild—do you wanna
Get your teeth knocked the fuck out?
Wanna get on it like that? Well, then, shout!

Yo, RZA, yo, razor—hit me with the major
The damage, my clan understand it, be flavor
Gunnin', hummin', comin' at ya
First I'm gonna get ya, once I got ya, I gat ya
You could never capture the Method Man's stature
For rhyme and for rapture, got niggas resignin', now master
My style? Never!
I put the fuckin' buck in the wild, kid, I'm terror, razor-sharp
I sever, the head from the shoulders, I'm better than my compet'ta
You mean competitor, whatever, let's get together
You might also like
Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buck wild with the tri—blaow!

I react so thick, I'm phat, and yo
Rae came blowin' and blew off your headphones, black
Rap from, yo, Cali to Texas
Smoother than a Lexus, now's my turn to wreck this
Brothers approach and half step
But ain't heard half of it yet and I bet you're not a fuckin' vet
So, when you see me on the real
Formin' like Voltron, remember I got deep like a Navy Seal

Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
Wu buck wild with the trigger
Shame on a nigga who try to run game on a nigga
I'll fuck your ass up!

Yo!
I come with that ol' loco style from my vocal
Couldn't peep it with a pair of bifocals
I'm no joker, play me as a joker
Be on you like a house on fire—smoke ya
Crews be actin' like they gangs, anyway
Be like, "Warriors, come out and play!"
Burn me, I get into shit, I let it out like diarrhea
Got burnt once—but that was only gonorrhea
Dirty, I keep shit stains in my drawers
So I can get fizzy-funky for ya
Murder, taste the flame of the Wu-Tang
Rah! Here comes the Tiger vs. Crane
I'll be like wild with my style
Punk—you play me, chump, you get jumped
Wu! is comin' through at a theater near you
And get funk like a shoe
What?
56Embed
1,2, 1,2, yo check this out, it's the jump off right now
I want everybody, to put your work down, put your guns down
And report to the pit, the gravel pit
Leave your problems at home, leave your children at home
We gon' take it back underground, I be Bobby Boulders
Wu-Tang Clan on yo' mind one time
It's the jump off, so just jump off my nigga

Check out my gravel pit
A mystery unraveling
Wu-Tang is the CD that I travel with
Don't go against the grain if you can't handle it

Ha, holocaust from the land of the lost
Behold the pale horse, off course (off course)
Follow me, Wu-Tang gotta be
The best thing since Starks and Clark Wallabees
African killer bees blackwatch
On your radio, blowin out yo' watts
From Park Hill, the house on haunted hill
Every time you walk by your back get a chill
Let's peel, who want to talk rap skills
I spit like a semi-automatic to the grill
Elbow grease, and elbow room
Baby play me, baby fall down, go boom
Party people gather round, count down to apocalypse
(I'm the kid with the golden arms)
And I'm the motherfuckin Hot Nicks pass the blunt
My nigga don't front
You had it for a minute but it seem like a month
Now I'm chokin, smokin, hopin
I don't croakin, from overdosin
Hey, kid, walk straight, master your high
Wu and Meth got you open (open), let's ride
Can't stand niggas that floss too much
Can't stand Bentleys they cost too much
Kid wanna get up then kid get touched
Kid wanna stick up then kid get stuck
I'm the one that called your bluff
When your boy tried to act tough
Remember what Ol' Dirty said: "I'll fuck yo' ass up!"
Now listen
You might also like
Back, back and forth and forth

Eat with the English, extinguish styles extremist
Bald head beamers run wild
It's the kid with the gold cup
Stepped out like what
What's poppin, and y'all niggas dobo
Blastin shae shae, chocolate shortae
Rich color mocks, rock those all day
1960 shit I'm Goldie
That's right motherfucker don't hold me
The world's greatest, Las Vegas, paid as rock
Skin painted on my face look ageless
Perfect combos, Ghost bang out condos
Jeff from Hamo, ex three bangos
Bancos, stank hoes in plain clothes
Change those, bang those, same old, same old

Yeah y'all, straight up this the jump off right here
The gravel pit, word up represent, rock the boulders
All my rich gangsta style, killers, y'all know what time it is
Shorty do your thing, get up on that shit right now boo, do you
That's what I'm talkin 'bout
Yo, step to my groove, move like this
When we shoot the gift of course it's ruthless
Grab the mic with no excuses
In a sec, grab the Tecs, salute this
Executing, shaking all sets, and I'm breaking all hex
I'm taking all bets, wu bomb best, who want the dram' next
You want stank, we got the bigger bank
Bigger shank to fill your tank
Still the same kill you for real, while you crank
Slide, do or die, fry to bake
Admire the greats, on fire wit a heart of hate
Bitter shark, every part I take, heavy darts that quake
It's okay, all fakes, get caught by the dropkicks
You know the thrill, yes it's Park Hill
Yo we hit 'em with the hot grits
On the go, check the flow, saying Wu don't rock shit
Stop quick, hold the gossip, stop sweating my pockets
I hear the hot shit

Check out my gravel pit
A mystery unraveling
Wu-Tang is the CD that I travel with
Don't go against the grain if you can't handle it
You don't have to move a mountain
Just give me enough strength to climb
Oh Lord ! Don't take away my stumbling blocks to lead me around
Yakub, maker and creator of the devil. Swine merchant... your time is near at hand. Fuck with me and your time will be now. Your presence here effects the mind of my people like a fever. You, Yakub, are the bearer of nine thousand nine hundred and ninety nine diseases, evil, corrupt, porkchop-eatin' brain!12Embed
Niggas on the left, brag shit to death
Now hoods on the right, wild for the night
Punks in the back, c'mon and attract to what
Clan in da front, let your feet stomp
Niggas on the left, brag shit to death
Hoods on the right, wild for the night
Punks in the back, c'mon and attract to what
This goes back to nineteen..
Ahem, check it, yo
GOOD MORNING VIETNAM!!
Yeah, good morning to all you motherfuckin notty-headed niggas
Word to the camouflage large niggas
Bitch niggas fuckin my body
Bring that fuckin meth in here
Yo yo yo yo
Now we gonna drink some good Nightrain

Champion gear that I rock, you get your boots knocked
Then attack you like a pit that lock shit DOWN
As I come and freaks the sound, hardcore
But giving you more and more, like ding!
Nah shorty, get you open like six packs
Killer Bees attack, flippin what, murder one, phat tracks
A'ight? I kick it like a Night Flite!
Word life, I get that ass raw, I'm fulla spite!
Check the method from Bedrock, cause I rock ya head to bed
Just like rockin what? Twin Glocks!
Shake the ground while my beats just break you down
Raw sound, we going to war right now
So, yo, bombin
We Usually Take All Niggas Garments
Save ya breath before I vomit
You might also like
I be that insane nigga from the psycho ward
I'm on the trigger, plus I got the Wu-Tang sword
So how you figure that you can even fuck with mine?
Hey, yo, RZA! Hit me with that shit one time!
And pull a foul, niggas save the beef on the cow
I'm milkin this ho, this is MY show, tical
The FUCK you wanna do? More than Spike Lee's Do
I'm like a sniper, hyper off the ginseng root
PLO style, buddha monks with the owls
So who's the fucking man? Meth-Tical
On the chessbox

Yo, yeah, yo
I leave the mic in body bags, my rap style has
The force to leave you lost, like the tribe of Shabazz
Murderous material, made by a madman
It's the mic wrecker, Inspector, bad man
From the bad lands of the killer, rap fanatic
Representing with the skill that's iller
Dare to compare, get pierced just like an ear
The zoo-we-do-wop-bop strictly hardware
Armed and geared cause I just broke out the prison
Charged by the system - for murdering the rhythm!
Now, lo and behold, another deadly episode
Bound to catch another fuckin charge when I explode
Slammin a hype-ass verse til ya head burst
I ramshack dead in the track, and that's that
Rap assassin, fastin, quick to blast and hardrock
I ran up in spots like Fort Knox!
I'm hot, top notch, Ghost thinks with logic
Flashback's how I attacked your whole project
I'm raw, I'm rugged and raw! I repeat, if I die
My seed'll be ill like me
Approachin me, you out of respect, chops ya neck
I get vexed, like crashing up a phat-ass Lex'
So clear the way, make way, yo! Open the cage
Peace, I'm out, jettin like a runaway slave

Ya gettin stripped from ya garments, boy, run ya jewels
While the meth got me open like falopian tubes
I bring death to a snake when he least expect
Ain't a damn thing changed, boy, Protect Ya Neck
Ruler Zig Zag, Zig-Allah jam is fatal
Quick to stick my Wu-Tang sword right through ya navel
Suspenseful, plus bein bought through my utensil
The pencil, I break strong winds up against your
Abbot, that run up through your county like the Maverick
Caps through the tablets, I gots to make the fabrics
Are uh-ah-uh Are you a warrior? Killer? Slicin shit like a samurai
The Ol' Dirty Bastard from the bar
Ol' Dirty clan of terrorists
Comin atcha ass like a sorceress, shootin' that PISS!
Niggas be gettin on my fuckin nerves
Rhymes they be kickin make me wanna kick they fuckin ass to the curb
I got funky fresh, like the old specialist
A carrier, messenger, bury ya
This experience is for the whole experience
Let it be applied, and THEN DROP THAT SCIENCE

My my my
My Clan is thick like plaster
Bust ya, slash ya
Slit a nigga back like a Dutch Master Killer
Style jumped off and Killa, Hill-er
I was the thriller in the Ali-Frazier Manilla
I came down with phat tracks that combine and interlock
Like getting smashed by a cinder block
Blaow! Now it's all over
Niggas seeing pink hearts, yellow moons
Orange stars and green clovers15Embed
 Protect Ya Neck baby
 Respect due pa
 Peace
 Peace

Word up Wu-Tang in the house though
I guess alot of people in ya
I guess they can feel the realness you
They could feel the vibe
And I think hip hop, that's what I be tellin a lot of people
A lot of record promoters and a lot of artists
I mean it's like, it's music that you gotta touch and feel
You know what I'm sayin'
And I think that comes across well in the video
I haven't seen you live yet, I'm waitin for the chance
But I'm pretty sure that's probably what's it like
You know you probably really get into it
I guess I hear it in your voices when you sayin the rhymes
Um, what ya say ya style is?

It's a secret! Never teach the Wu-Tang
You might also like
You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neck2Embed
I ain't trying to be no D-boy, I love music, I'm a b-boy
Are you the undercover or the decoy
I'm heavy with the D, Trouble T Roy
A pit with no muzzle about to bust your bubble like a keloid
Too much marijuana got me p-noid
I'm killing instrumentals with that All So Simple Can It Be, boy
Shout to Lil Cease, B.I.G., boy
And Funk Doctor Spock, I mean Redman that's not Leonard Nimoy
88 keys on the keyboard
I'm down to catch wreck, take them first three letters out of record
It's Meth, you heard it through the wire I could be more
Or washed up like Sonny Black's body on the seashore
That's a problem, I could be yours
A monster without the mad scientist and Igor
I've heard it before, a third of these boys
Got murder raps and never even murdered before

Keep watch, lights out when the beat drop
Keeping the streets locked
I'm calling all G's from each block, from each block
Keep watch, lame niggas out there can kick rocks
Run these streets out here don't need cops
I'm calling all G's from each block, from each block
You might also like
Codename Sensei, I live what my pen say
Game hall of fame, flow is MJ, Muy caliente
Je m'appelle Rebel, capisce, comprende?
Son I'm touching 'em up, trust I'm like
Justin Tuck how they ducking the rush
Tryna break bad, you catch a bad break
Like I own a bake shop how I stack cakes
Greatness was nothing, Deck the next Nike ad
Wifey bad and my life got 'em slightly mad
'Cause I shine like chrome in July
Soldier I opened your eyes, notice the lies
DEA say I'm drugging 'em
I get you leaning hard, I get the fiends to nod, I mean they loving 'em
All hail your highness, terrific win
Put a so-called beast in his place, Pacific Rim

Keep watch, lights out when the beat drop
Keeping the streets locked
I'm calling all G's from each block, from each block
Keep watch, lame niggas out there can kick rocks
Run these streets out here don't need cops
I'm calling all G's from each block, from each block

Foul-ass police, crooked ass friends
I don't give a fuck, yo, the drama never ends
I'm a project nigga, I don't care about the Benz
Plus I had a lot of chicks, you can have those bitches
But I murder your bloodclot if you touch my riches
Yeah crazy ass skipper, I be in the slums, nigga
Fuck where I come from I'm a quiet gangster nigga
First I get you comfortable, then I start shanking niggas
Park Hill code is don't violate the family
Brother to brother it's no snakes in the amnesty
I come through wilding on some Wu-Tang Can It Be..
Googly-eyed nigga, chop his face in the ministry
Never scared to do the time, fuck the penitentiary
Leave a bunch of dead niggas, don't forget to mention me
The angel of rap, the un-ordinary light
Already did what I was gonna do before you even got the mic
We left a large solar cloud distinguished by size
Interaction with the wise and civilized
The mind caused matter to fall into a center
A great deal of heat that'll radiate within ya
From out of this collision
The central cord became thick enough to trap its own light and bring vision
Each drop full of Hip Hop energy
Balanced on all sides such great symmetry
The bars unlocked the power of the stars
The mirror in the telescope pinpoint the gods
From a distance, acting as a guiding coach
Analyze the board, universal approach
Retune the soul to a certain pitch
Changing the frequency frequently, hitting a certain switch
The love is paramount, the connect is brotherly
Respect for the intellect and broad discovery

Keep watch, lights out when the beat drop
Keeping the streets locked
I'm calling all G's from each block, from each block
Keep watch, lame niggas out there can kick rocks
Run these streets out here don't need cops
I'm calling all G's from each block, from each block
They're very trick so you must be very careful
Uh, Brother Fay's quite right
But still we have been taught that man is good
And if he wasn't good Buddha would not try to help him
"Hey you have a pass from the..."27Embed
16th Chamber, temple number five

Somebody said it's on, if it is then I'll be set
To blow a nigga up, with my Five Fingers of Death
I bring it to his whole damn fam, understand
If he frontin, on any man down with the Clan
I be comin, for that headpiece you can't cope
For my brother, I even kill a Pope, word to mother
Serial, killa, style from the Isle of Stat
My peoples are you with me where you at?
Shit's gettin deep in here, I mean like thick
Niggas lookin all in my face like they want dick
It's about to hit the fan, hit the flo'
That's all I can stands, and I can't stands no mo'
What is it? Niggas think they bigga
Because they got the finga on the trigga of a biscuit
They don't know I'm wicked, when I start to kick it
With the raw sound, wash it down with a Mystic
Better yet a Snapple, nigga want the juice
But he don't want the hassle
Thought they trying to overthrow the castle
Better yet the temple, I'm comin to your town
Black down, the rental, car, the pistol
YAH! If you don't want a burn from Glock
Then beware, I buck shots, meaning what, the buck stops
Here, no more dough will be made
Unless it's being made by who... the 1-6-Ooh
You might also like + (Method Man)
Chamber four (1-6-Ooh) Chamber four
Temple number nine, temple number nine

I'm the original G-O-D
Making young ladies scream is my specialty
When I go ooh-wah, ooh-wah, ooh-wah, girls wanna get hype
From the funky fresh music that was stereotyped
When I kill, that ol' mad rugged flow
Not sayin Ason, is like a duck of disco
Or a disco duck, I'm strictly hip hop
Yo, Ason, what's up? I can't stop...
Wu-Tanging, flipping the script and
You could test my skills, but niggas must be trippin
Coked up from sniffin, you're the one who's riffin
I'm not Opie, save that old shit for Andy Griffith
You start to flip, now ya slip, cuz you're slippin
While you sleep I be the God on point, like Scottie Pippen
As I, jump on stage, cold flip a rip a show
Strip or rip a ho, ready like Bo
Jackson while I'm still taxin, I'm maxin
Relaxin, sittin backs and, laying tracks and
Again and again when I rock this jam
I wanna see 'em up in the air, throw up your hand
Introducin, the one-man band
A child that's wild, now with the style, couldn't stand
Niggas wanna jump, then stepped, to the center
Of the rhyme inventor, MC tormentor
You get jacked and slapped, across the MC map
I laugh at ya ass, on a horse shack
Come on through I black and blue your whole crew
Then I get rudie with the Hong Kong Phooey
The Ol' Dirty Bastard, MC killer
Money maker, Brooklyn, Shaolin style
That I lay down like tile
Gotta hit you up, one blaow, so you better come down...1Embed
The Wu-Tang slang is mad dangerous
The Wu-Tang slang is mad dangerous

Yo, yo
Champagne nights on the corner mad heavy
Around the time when I was beefing with Wizzy
Starks, State, and Claybourne drawers
Dickin' bitches down, they man come through
Damn near kissed the ground
Jumping out of big shit with Benetton pajamas on
Line my soldiers up, strategize, then I move my pawns
Should've been Italian how I'm getting that parmesan
Talkin' bout the ones you keep putting those commas on
And I'ma keep hope alive
'Cause mad lil' niggas look up to me outside
Breaking dawn blunted, yums in they mouth
I drop a jewel, they see the C-ciphers then bounce
Peace God, you see Rae, yo, tell 'em I said
I was in the East, a nigga died, but cut off his dreads
I'll be back around 6PM
Juma prayers around 1 o'clock
Plus I gotta pick up these gems
'Cause it's going down tonight at the Garden
Mary and Maxwell, Drew Hill, I'm supposed to be starring
You know how I do, son
Nugget stones with the blue ones
And coming with me is a few guns
You might also like
I think he's on that shit again
Twisting niggas out hard, gettin' rid of 'em
You gamble on rap, yo, my bid is in
Bet against me?
You own a hat where your fuckin' head can't fit up in
I think he's on that shit again
Twisting niggas out hard, gettin' rid of 'em
You gamble on rap, yo, my bid is in
Bet against me?
You own a hat where your fuckin' head can't fit up in

Telekinesis, simple instrumental thesis
I could hop on a track, relax, then remain speechless
Peep this, I closed down the Kith store for thousand dollar sneakers
Bought a dozen pair with 'em, shared 'em with his cousin
Wu-Tang slang boomerang back like Reggie Hudlin
From New York City to Philly to Los Angeles
The Wu-Tang slang is mad dangerous
You can't outthink the RZA, nigga, I'll make your brain shrink
My lyrics are vitamins, I go from A to zinc
And yeah, I got that iron just in case the emcee think
He can take it to the streets, then watch his ass become extinct
Like a Tyrannosaurus Rex
I turn your fuckin' face to Jonah Hex
Ayy, yo, last night my sugar was five hundred
That Log Cabin syrup on them flapjacks took it to sky hundred
That's thirteen units of insulin
Brought it back down now everything is official in like Michelin
Counting bread like Maserati Rick out in Michigan
And all my old girlfriends is jumping on my dick again

I think he's on that shit again
Twisting niggas out hard, gettin' rid of 'em
You gamble on rap, yo, my bid is in
Bet against me?
You own a hat where your fuckin' head can't fit up in
I think he's on that shit again
Twisting niggas out hard, gettin' rid of 'em
You gamble on rap, yo, my bid is in
Bet against me?
You own a hat where your fuckin' head can't fit up in2Embed
Yeah, yo

Expedite lyrics under a godly spirit
Thoughts forced to hang-glide even a bird could hear it
A bald head with gold metal wings look like it belong in a day
The coming of Christ, worshipping the Elohim
That's why I wear shades like Cee-Lo Green
It's darker than Don Cheadle, we're mean like his deleted scenes
The prognosis, divine opus
Artistic third eye open, it leave you stuck in a psychosis
Or the hemo-tosis
Spit venom like an African cobra in the jungle, knownin' my tongue is vulgar
I raise the Wu flag when they scream for glory
The clouds open the beam of light, you hear my story
Custom-made scrolls handwritten in coffee
And feather-tip pens one of the prophets brought me
And that explains why I spin on the axis
Born original, so my mind fades to blackness

Seen a lot of things, don't talk about it
I can't live without my faith so I don't walk without it
God, I know you led us to do better on this road
On this road, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Seen a lot of things, don't talk about it
I can't live without my faith so I don't walk without it
God, I know you led us to do better on this road
On this road, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
You might also like
Pledge music, we came up from grain up, cloth music
Acoustic jungle rap gave us all this project music
Blood in and plug niggas, get your mug dented
Steel rip steel, I'm finally out the drug business
Kneel proper for me
Helicopter beige, sage
And get blessings from professors on stage, winning
Nine swords, 36 Chambers
It's like a chess board keeps sliding, opponents get flamed on it
Training poems, been the Game of Thrones
We been raised and grown
These young boys come through, spray your home
Facts, they gave me the axe, now lay it on me
Criminals have to eat, it's a fact, shorty
You're damn right I go the square miles
We from the stairs
Thousands of pens could hear us from the rare sounds
Yeah, the phoenix coming
Ten Arabian Staten-adians
Who hooded up, known to get it bouncing

Seen a lot of things, don't talk about it
I can't live without my faith so I don't walk without it
God, I know you led us to do better on this road
On this road, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Seen a lot of things, don't talk about it
I can't live without my faith so I don't walk without it
God, I know you led us to do better on this road
On this road, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
Seen a lot of things
I can't live without my faith
God I know you led us to do better on this road
On this road, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeahEmbed
Life is what you make it
My darling, my dear
Try to make it

If I could, I would, if I can't, I won’t
Please forgive me if I don't
Should, some should be
I come from the strangest streets
I come from the place where love and danger meets
A house full of noisy kids, boys avoiding bids
Unemployed, on skid row, we had no toys for kids
We would bang our thumbs, gunshots, they run
We would bang on drums made from garbage cans
Even garbageman make more than mom
They make more than teachers, next door the preachers
They were sure they would reach us but we'd never listen
Niggas drunk and pissing on the side of the building
Can’t provide for children, someone stop the squealing
Turned to drugs for healing, thug sneaking and killing
Cop sirens are screaming, inside the cars, we dreaming
One day we could own one, right now we can't bump crumbs
My brother would sell jawns, my mother would yell, "Son
You'll end up in jail, son, or dead or in Hell, son"
But what could she tell son?
That money excel, son
Tony got knocked up, now looking for bail, son
Making collect calls, expecting that mail, son
Doing pushups in a six by four cell, son
A hard head makes a soft tail, son
And my little brother on that same trail, son
You might also like
Life is a puzzle, every day is a struggle
And we ignore the ones who truly loves you
As we do foolish things we see the others do
I try to do the same things my big brother do
Life's a struggle, we get trapped in this puzzle
And we ignore the ones who truly loves you
As we do foolish things we see the others do
I try to do the same things I saw my brother do

Loaded guns in the shoebox, fingerprints on the ooh-wop
Ziploc plastic bags with black and blue tops
We slung on the block and watch out for the blue coats
Ses blunts we pas after two tokes
Starving for a G-note back, and forth on the ferry boat
Coming up from poverty, we were very broke
To twenty-eight grams, expand to a thousand grams
Reap the twenty dollar bills passed through a thousand hands
Multi-project apartments, spots bubbling
Never went to clubs with less than a dozen men
Recruiting young gunners and runners, let my cousin in
Spot gets knocked, my brother locked the fuck up again
Another mama's son stuck in the fucking pen
To disperse, no one to trust, back to struggling
Now I'm on the streets trying to get my hustle in
Cheap wine guzzling, life is so puzzling
Life is a puzzle, every day is a struggle
And we ignore the ones who truly loves you
As we do foolish things we see the others do
I try to do the same things my big brother do
Life's a struggle, we get trapped in this puzzle
And we ignore the ones who truly loves you
As we do foolish things we see the others do
I try to do the same things I saw my brother do2Embed
Yeah
Ten G mics and shit

Mics and men, books and pen
Decent rhymes, hooks and lines
One time, where do we begin?
The gritty rugged lands of Shaolin
Where proud men went from moving crack rocks to moving mountains
Moving crowds and making mothers proud now
Walk out of places where our people wasn't allowed in
I took a hi-hat, a snare, and a kick drum
A bass, a G-note, turned it into hit songs
Now every we make forty G’s, nigga please, Killa Bees
Pay a quarter mill for the emcees at night, aight?
I kick it like a Nike flight
25 years later, who thought that we could be greater?
The name of Wu-Tang gets spread on both sides of the equator
The RZArector grew to be a movie director
Still smoke blunts with the Meth and rock mics with Inspectah
Still crash bars with Shallah
And my brother Divine, he still push the flyest cars
But he added a yacht to his repertoire
And they marvel how the Jugger still caked with Tony Starks
While The RZA and U-God still shake the fatal darts
Cappadonna try to put a hole inside your heart
Jamel Irief push that chess piece across the board
With the sound of a sword bein' released from its sheath
And Ol' Dirty Shimmy Shimmy Ya from beneath
And Power still got that rugged gear in the streets
It’s Wu-Tang's "Mics and Men", we Killer Bees
Mathematics stay craft-matic on the beats
You might also like
I'm in the MKX with the opposite sex
Trying to take her from the suburb back to the projects
Money, chicks, fast cars, that's my obsess
I ain't obligated to nothing except contracts
Honey do you do dirty, niggas is still contacts
Lovin' the babes daily, feedin' 'em blowback
Can’t let nothing walk by but a bubble ass
Get money, pop bottles, then we double the cash
Slip by the shop, other niggas’ll fall back
See Divine on the ocean in the yacht
Flip money bags when our Hulu shit pop
Ferragamo belt with the Gucci bought
Yo, you can't tell me nothing bout the Coogi, hah
When I was the one out there making the shit hot
When you was in the spot, you was just a young snot
I was in the ball game pitching the rock
Wu-Tang forever, we always on grind
Like Diddy told you, we ain’t never gon' stop

Man, have you not heard that one word given will have you missing?
Listen to the fly piano, Wu-Gambino soprano
Deck and Dino, owners of their own casino
RZA keynote, Stoudemire, young Amar'e
Flow hotter than the Kalahari
Skipping off the rim of the snare
Every rhyme line rich without the line combined
With the power refined
See my mind shine brighter than Einstein
Shallah pen bleed then the dawn is my time
So run, tell a friend, you can check it on Showtime
It's Wu, Mics and MenEmbed
Today I'll talk about kindness
Justice, faith, and kindness
I want you to listen carefully
Kindness and faith are the foundation
Without them, we can't become good people
And with justice, we know we can lead a good life
And how can I be a good man then, eh?
Huh... well, first of all, you have to practice honesty, hmm?
Keep your temper, never lose control of yourself
Keep control; be patient
If you learn to do these things, you can master anything

Out of nowhere, there came a caravan
This was around a campfire light
A lovely woman in motion
Her hair was as dark, as the night

Cruising on the interstate, just follow while I innovate
Too many try and imitate, medallion like a dinner plate
Front and get your dinner ate, chinchilla for the winter, wait
I'm tryna bring the sexy back like Timbaland and Timberlake
Spittin like a calico, kush from a Cali ho
Tell that joker "tally ho," put shots in that Denali yo
RZA, you know how we go, on them 20's, that's how we roll
And I don't eat berries but eat a Berry like Halle though
The game criminal, my, my chain figaro
My, my dame's pigeon-toed, I'm still the same nigga though
Uh, still rock a fitted low, still got a wicked flow
And I'm like Barry Bonds on anything that RZA throw
You might also like
On anything that RZA throw, Ironman's invisible
I left my chick for cheatin on me, now that bitch is miserable
Poppin bottles, paintin hella Wallas on my physical
We gon' have a ball, might as well pick a testicle
Purple haze, festivals, smoke a nigga like a bowl
Fuck a coma, now the state you layin is a vegetable
You wanna see me? Like you ain't checkable?
You like a CD, I burn you and I wreck a few

Out of nowhere, there came a caravan
This was around a campfire light
A lovely woman in motion
Her hair was as dark, as the night

Only God has leapt into avenged mind
And can distinguish good from evil
Hahahaha (Ayo, Cappa!)

We gotta get more cake together, so we could branch out
Preserve land, get a boat and a ranch house
Call me a dreamer, but I hustle for real
You thought that I fell off but now I'm attackin the field
All in Chicago, grindin, puttin it down
Crush blocks of MC's, I ain't playin around
Yo you heard me on The Bassment, givin it to 'em
Fake dudes hidin theyself, but I could see through 'em
Diggler, what? I'm tryin to live and raise kids
While you throwin up ya sign, I'm layin 'em down kid
Plus I'm back home now, doin my thing
Thirty dollars to Medina just to cop me a ring
Out of nowhere, there came a caravan
This was around a campfire light
A lovely woman in motion
Her hair was as dark, as the night

A good friend holds his drink
Bad company makes bad wine!
Drinking among friends
Red wine means a good life
A few drinks bring comfort
Two drinks are enough!
Money can't buy courage!
Riches mean nothing to us!
Brilliant, a display of geniusEmbed
If you got it, light it up (8X)

Ain't no shook in 'em, Pyrex pots is hot, fiends is cooking 'em
Little niggas hugging the block, cops is booking 'em
Women hugging they purse when they spot the crook in 'em
Back when little J got shot, pops was whooping 'em
Little noses dripping with snot, ock, now look at 'em
The ghetto got a hook in 'em now, drugs, stay pushing 'em
Used to throwing dirt in these blunts, now, it's kush in 'em
Used to tell these chicks to shut up, now, he's shooshing 'em
Get cash, get that ass or put a foot in 'em
Iron Flag, flag that cab, Bedford and Put-e-nam
There ain't no puss in 'em, dick, dildo, or gush in 'em
Niggas still got that juks in 'em
 + (Raekwon)
If he front then we stomp 'em out (Get 'em out ya way pa)
If he drunk and he run his mouth (Get 'em out ya way pa)
If he front then we stomp 'em out (Get 'em out ya way pa)
(Get 'em out ya way pa, move, move, move)

I'm seduced by the chrome, it's a ruthless poem
It took a little time to get his juices going
Producers know him as the kid with the Iron Palm
Righteous hammer examine the firearm
Approach or get fired on, permanent chest scar
Empire Strikes Back, check out the Death Star
Bless y'all, wet y'all, do the impossible
Where I'm from we use dum-dums in the arsenal
Highly sparkable, get stretched off the knuckle check
Known to scuffle, I take it to the upper deck
Universal conquest, kung fu buckle vets
In a dufflebag, max yo, a couple techs
Give 'em ear hustle, Wu brand we programmed
Next time we dance, it won't be a slow jam
I fear no man, son you get lynched up
Nigga bitch get Frankenstein stitched up
You might also like

Yeah, voice skipping off percussion
Give it to 'em how they love it, slow flow, deadly, beloved
All praise the daunting calm yet
So alarming, without a word being spoken
A thought with no voice, just a nod and a look
The contract was took, straight cash, off the books
A major pawn took a Don, look, he's armed
With a few black rooks from the heart of the Crook
Shook ones look while they hung him on Hercules hooks
They found his body near a shallow brook, escaped on foot
Switched the look up, out of state, he got the hook up
The flipped cake, thought lighter than the feather
Yet heavier than weight when my mindstate starts to break
Take cover over RZA instrumental
I'm damn near invincible, it's simple


Tell me, what are they like?
They got holes in the top, five round holes
While I was watching, this stranger, hit them
But his fingers went right through the bone
So then, they've... mastered it
It's some style of kung fu, you know it?
The Skeleton ClawEmbed
Yo, yo, yo, what up kid? Yo, these niggas is back, son
(Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah) I'm telling you, spit that, done it nigga
Yeah... yeah... yeah, yeah, I seen it like a Zenith, man
You hear me man? Word up, man, ya'll know what it is
It's on again, man, for real, Top Gun, what what

Aiyo, we came through thumping like elephants
The new Range is super-charged, I remains intelligent
Back to the formula, lord, hard grammar
This is God school, make sure the lobby ain't jammed up
Excalibur swords, T-Rexes, bibles of rhymes
We in the lunchroom, we eat veggies for breakfast
Polo campus, sicker lances, the crisp
Hundred dollar kick niggas, that be showing you dance steps
Back to the dormatory, where niggas
Broke my forearm and index finger, now you write glory
True holding my flag, it's all engraved in my blade
So when I wave it, you gon' say Rae mad
Now it's 28 Days Later, now Wu's up, do something, you can't
It's blood in my eye, I might get amped
To rip something down, the billboard holders is back
So when you see me, you gon' say he gets down

From darkness to DNA, I move with my brother
And we resonate, energy that shifts in colors
Bringing MC's punishment, then I'm done with it
The meter leave way on the fast break, I run with it
It was not a hobby, but a childhood passion
That had started in the lobby and was quicky fashioned
Every line to line, bar for bar is clockwork
Hazardous and powerful enough to have your block hurt
Check the total amount of MC's inflicted
With torture, from moving with work that's restricted
We criticize producers til they joints are right
Then acupuncture the track with pinpoints of light
Hitting them from well conceiled firing positions
With explosiveness that'll make the deaf listen
Drastic, pyroclastic, connected with the same old
Down the dangerous slopes of an active volcano
You might also like
Blitz like the Green Bay Packers, sack like the linebackers
Hang with niggas, like redneck crackers
Strangle cold bottles of Beck's, like a vexed German
Duck low behind the car, my tech burning
Neck burning, from eight karats of sunlight
Absorbed, in the grill, Big Pun like
Lord of the Wu-Tang sword, know what that means?
Like J.R. Tolkien, it's the Lord of the Rings
This is my man, Chef, auto, like Grand Theft Auto
The 18th letter, followed by the mark of Zorro
Plus A, not for apple, but I pack an apple
Shorty try to buck back, and knock me off the saddle
Caramel, pecan, sundae, praline
Plump breasts, was filled with saline
Her big booty cousin, nasty Nadine
Get you on the floor, whore tried to double team

Is he still that nucca? Is he in the hood like that?
Is he really strapped? Will he really split yo' shit?
I thought you said he rap? Pull up in the yard, ten sets
He ain't flexing, microphone ripping, heat holding
Who testing? Rope-a-dope his black lotus
Can't quote this, chat with the sword tongue
Duck when the axe is swinging, wild Apache drum
Crazy Horse kicking his thoughts, he won't quit
Can't tell 'em nothing, he grown, give the man room
Space was demanded, beat banging through the speaker
Voice, heat seek missle, guided at the listener
Swing to the gospel, catch up and wet at the brothel
Unstoppable, direction of my flow, optional
To the ear, depending on the current of air, the crowd's in4Embed
(Yeah, yeah)
Ayo, how much more for a fifth of Vodka? (Peace beloved)
(Six bottles of Henny, six bottles of Henn)
Word, word, let me get that
Herb, yeah, yeah (bring that bucket here)
Yeah (get some ice, man, two more bottles of Cru', man, word up)

I've gone through life pretending
That time will change the ending
I've gone through life pretending
That time will change the ending

Peace to the God (peace, God); pour out a little liquor
"Shame on a Nigga," I heard the reaper done came to get ya
So I done copped a fifth of Vodka and in your honor
I've grown this fetish for loose ladies and baby mommas
Some say it's bad karma, what you do, man, it come back on ya
Music got us up off them crack corners
Now I'mma swallow this whole bottle for Ol' Dirty
Damn, it hurts me; I hate it when brothers go early
I've gone through life pretending
That time will change the ending
I've gone through life pretending
That time will change the ending
You might also like
Word to my son, he gon' remember you, rubbing on a statue
In his lab, that resemble you, and what it meant to Wu
Us forming like a family, you just blew
You was the chess piece on the board that made us look true
Watching your pen swish, you loved frying kingfish
You the pearl in the ocean, I'm up on the land, pissed
Now you moving more prestigious, me, hitting this reefer
I know it's real, guess I slept with the Black Jesus
I've gone through life pretending
That time will change the ending
I've gone through life pretending
That time will change the ending

I became weak when I heard that his body expired
It was hard for me to believe my brother retired
Suddenly, the clock stopped and the room started spinning
How can he walk off the field during the first inning?
I cried like a baby on the way to his place of death
Hate not being there the minutes before he left
Now I'm in the booth, ten feet from where he lay dead
I think about him on this song and what he might've said
I've gone through life pretending
That time will change the ending
I've gone through life pretending
That time will change the ending

When I first heard the word, I needed air to clear my head
I know you didn't say what I thought you said, my brother's dead
You crazy, another Dirty prank to get the family cranked
Y'all niggas shouldn't play like that
I know how you feel, Lord, but it's real, and I still can't believe
And my heart still grieves the loss, there's no pretending
Ason Unique loved wine and fine women
We singing on tour, "ooh baby, we like it raw"
I've gone through life pretending
That time will change the ending
I've gone through life pretending
That time will change the ending

Can't pretend...
Some day it gotta come to an end
But I'mma keep you right here dog, real close to my heart
Yeah...
I popped a bottle on your born day, God
Tried hard not to cry, I still can't hide the scar
And I still ask "why?" to God, analyzing your form
As I stood there beside your mom
And I share the blame, cuz you was calling for help, kid
Should've, would've, could've, had the time, I was selfish
I carry on your struggle, each day, it really hurts me
I really miss you, Russell, hope you forgive me, Dirty
I've gone through life pretending
That time will change the ending
I've gone through life pretending
That time will change the ending

Yo, these walls I wanna crash, and put my fists through
Shout out to Dirty, let the whole world miss you
Reach out and kiss you in your coffin, my heart races
I dropped tears and watch my nigga fall from greatness
It's all wasted, flushed down the drain and
Soon as the news hit me, I bust out with pain and
Rivers I cried, my brother just died
I'mma see you, my nigga, on the other side
I've gone through life pretending
That time will change the ending
I've gone through life pretending
That time will change the ending
Ah, man, how do I say goodbye?
It's always the good ones that have to die
It's hard to live without you, God, I shouldn't have doubted you
When you said that The Passion of Christ was all about you
From the God Mobile, to Linden Plaza, to Brownsville
Florida to Ohio, to Putnam, to Park Hill
You interrupt the Grammy's, said, "Wu for the kids"
Took four or five shots when they rushed in the crib
Trey-five-seven cracked ya ribs, cops shot ya whip
You've been chased by the pigs, sold the four year bid
Crashed cars, still came out without a scar
They tried to keep ya free spirit trapped in a jar
So you'll keep ya mouth shut, and not tell the world
Who's who and what's what, and probably go nuts
How we treat them hoes? Dirt, how we treat them hoes?
We fuck 'em in the butt, Dirt
I've gone through life pretending
That time will change the ending
I've gone through life pretending
That time will change the ending

But those mistakes behind me
Cast shadows to remind me
*gong bangs*
*Sifu Shi Yin Ming reciting the Heart Sutra*1Embed
Get it burn it, get it burn it
Get it burn it, get it burn it
Get it burn it, get it burn it
Get it burn it, get it burn it
(The gun'll go, the gun'll go..., the gun'll go...)

Aiyo, one thing for sure, keep you of all
Keep a nice crib, fly away, keep to the point
Keep niggas outta ya face, who snakes
Keep bitches in they place, keep the mac in a special place
Keep moving for papes, keep cool, keep doing what you doing
Keep it fly, keep me in the crates
Cuz I will erase shit, on the real, note, you'se a waste
It's right here for you, I will lace you
Rip you and brace you, put a nice W up on ya face
Word to mother, you could get chased
It's nothing to taste, blood on a thug if he gotta go
All I know is, we be giving grace
This is a place, from where we make tapes
We make 'em everywhere, still in all, we be making base
Y'all be making paste, these little niggas, they be making shapes
Our shit is art, yours is traced

This is the way that we rolling in the streets
You know when we roll we be packing that heat
The gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go
The gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go
The gun'll go, the gun'll go...
You might also like
This is, Poverty Island, man, these animals don't run
Slums where the ambulance don't come
Who got the best base? Fiends waiting to smoke some
Approach something, ask him where he getting that coke from
My dudes hug blocks like, samurai shogun
Cause no V and no ones, equaling no fun
Who want to treat they nose, huh? Body'll go numb
My woman need funds, plus her hair and her toes done
It is what it is though, you fuck with the kid flow
That make it hard to get dough, the harder the kid go
Harder the piff blow, harder when it snow
The pinky and the wrist glow, this here, what we live for
Get gwop, then get low, but first thought
We gotta get the work off, the gift and the curse, boss
Yeah, see I'm the shit yo, the dirt in the fit, no
Hustling from the get-go, the motto is get more

This is the way that we rolling in the streets
You know when we roll we be packing that heat
The gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go
The gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go
The gun'll go, the gun'll go...

We was quiet flashy brothers, strapped all along
With the dirty .38 long, twelve hour shift gate
Took case, state to state, you think he won't hold his weight?
Put ya money on the plate and watch it get scrapped
We get ape up in that club, off that juice and Henn
And it's a no win situation fucking with them
You mean like Ewing at the front at the rim, finger roll a Dutch
Million dollar stages touched, techs, gauges bust
Trust no one, the lone shogun, rugged Timb boot stomper
Damaging lyrical mass destruction launcher
Nothing can calm the quakeage when I break, kid
Peace to my brothers up north, doing state bids
This is the way we be rolling in the streets
You know when we roll we be packing that heat
The gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go
The gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go
The gun'll go, the gun'll go...

Whoa... this is the way we be rolling in the club
You know when we roll we be packing .32 snubs
The gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go
The gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go
The gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go, the gun'll go

Get it burn it...1Embed
Ooh-wee
Mm, mm-mm-mm-mm, mm-mm, mm-mm
Yeah, ah, ah

See I was raised out on these mean streets
I'm from the projects, right where poverty and hell meet
I'm searching everyday to find a better way, I've gotta
Hustle still to get my pay before I hit bottom
Now, some might say that I'm already there
But who are they to judge or question what I do, son?
So I don't care
Tired of eating cheese sandwiches with no meat
Tired of watching all the players from the same seat
So it's a life of crime; some might sing or rhyme
To escape the ghetto before the flatline
Choices to make, what am I gonna do?
Got to use my talents—they gonna pull me through

Now, with success, I become a target
They wanna set me up
I guess more money equals more problems
They wanna get me, wanna hit me, strip me of my riches
Ooh, ooh, ooh
They wanna cut me up in pieces, leave me deep in ditches
Yeah, ah
And I can't take it (Mm, mm-mm, mm)
But I'm gonna make it (Yeah)
Ohhh, oh-oh-oh
Fight to stay alive
You might also like
I was raised out on these mean s-streets
You know, where poverty and hell meet
Brothers get jail, and life's for sale, cheap
Since Mama held me in her arms
To tell me that it's a cold world, I done held heat
And held myself down, lot of bodies and shells found
And niggas into taking everything that ain't nailed down
We fell down
Ain't hard to tell now
I ain't trying to see the cell now
Or see momma put her house up for bail now
So I'ma give all I got to try and get that guap
Nigga, I'm hot with this hustle—go 'head and get the cops
I use my talent to get more figures
Unlike these lil' cornerstore niggas
Go change your drawers, niggas

Now, with success, and I've become a target
They wanna set me up, take me hostage (Mm, yeah)
Or take me down some notches
They wanna hit me, wanna stick me, get me for my riches
They wanna diss me, wanna clip me, leave me stiff in ditches
And I can't take it
This ain't no game; my life ain't nothing to play with
No, no, but I'm gonna make it
Face it: Money is power, and I'ma make it, make it
Yeah, ha!  I'm gonna make it, ooh-ooh
Yeah, we gon' survive, yo
Yeah, okay
In my city, gritty blocks; little love, plenty cops
Few rise, many drop; True Lies, semis cocked
Fishscale already rocked; heavy shots that we drop
New guys on every block; blue eyes and red dots
Pregnant mothers, broke fathers; more money, more problems
So hungry, won't starve 'em; work hard and, so, pardon—
I got mouths to feed, I got pounds of weed
I need some more, another store, another house's deed
An X amount of G's: the reason pounds'll squeeze
And strip you naked, basic, tryna make it out the P's
Don't ever doubt a G, and have me spazz like
'Face with the K, and my nose all powdery
It ain't about the streets; it's 'bout the beast within
That won't give in to 'lice, down to bleed, and see

Now with success and I've become a target
They wanna set me up, take me hostage (Mm, yeah)
Or take me down some notches
They wanna hit me, wanna stick me, get me for my riches
They wanna diss me, wanna clip me leave me stiff in ditches
And I can't take it (Yeah)
No, no, but I'm gonna make it
Yeah, yeah, turn the beat up a little right here
Yeah, I'm gonna make it, oooh
Yo, yo, yo, yeah, yo, just, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang
A-yo, RZA, Meth, GZA, Deck; Ghost and Chef be cashing checks
Killa Cap be snapping necks; Street and 'Zilla flash the Tec
Sacrifice a savage life if he tryna bag my ice
Tag a price on merchandise—tell me, is it worth ya life? (No)

It's a cold, cold, cold world
You can't be playing games with my life
I've gotta fight to survive, fight to stay alive

A-yo, metal pipes ignite, sparking fire, light the darkness night
Trying to stick me for my riches, now y'all bitches taking flight
Major business, raise the digits, tried to strike me for my life
Slice and dice, men or mice, GZA tell 'em what it's like

A-yo, money making, people flaking, Cash Rules, fuck the bacon
Earth's quaking, head is aching, bank stop, dice shaking
Times are hard, so are jobs, scheming niggas wanna rob
Use a hoe to slob ya knob, hit you with unruly mobs
Stab you in the back and smile, watch you bleed for a while
Hating on the agile, steal ya name and bite ya style
Hold you for a ransom note, Goliath cutting David's throat
Grab ya vest, abandon boat and leave you out at sea to float

Now with success and I've become a target
They wanna set me up
I guess more money equals more problems
They wanna hit me, wanna stick me, get me for my riches
They wanna diss me, want clip me, leave me stiff in ditches

And I can't take it
No, no, but I'm gonna make it
Yeah, oh, I'm gonna make it, ooh, yeah
It's a cold, cold, cold world
I got my hand on my gun, they got a brother on the run
Yeah, it's a cold, cold, cold world
You can't be playing games with my life
I've gotta fight to survive, fight to stay alive
This ain't a game, this is my life
Keep pushing me to the edge, I'm gonna push back
And you won't like that, it's guaranteed you won't like that
When ya laid down, laid flatEmbed
She's my number one gangsta chick (my starter) She's my number one starter chick
She's my number one drafted pick, she's my number one line on the hit
I only wanna see it (my starter) It's truly needed, When the ball drops...
Anything she say, you know I'm gonna do (my starter)
Watch out, watch out, when that ball drops...

You's a starter, like Candace Parker
Take flight like Skywalker, might wolf it on ya father
Student Athlete, player of the week
G.P.A. 4.0 and her game's complete
Skintone buttercream, all defensive team
Dreamgirl like Jennifer Hudson, you're my Queen
To be, I'm ya King, keep ya under the wing
Together we can capture the ring
You the human highlight, body type, just right
Hairdo stay tight, go hard ball all night
All-star shine so bright
Hall of famer, about to take the game to new heights
You're my number one draft pick, McDonald classic
No look dunks to the basket
Yeah, yeah, that's mine, that's mine...

You might also like
Blunt smoke, fifth hundred stroke
I'm going nuts, full clip, shoot up her fat lips
And round butt, catch Heat when I'm In Too Deep
The answer beeps, she take dives on the busiest streets
Whatever situation or the circumstances
Outdoor, indoor, she's taking the chances
Hotel, motel or Holiday Inn
Overlooking that bible, she continued to sin
Spread wide on the desk, paperwork all in a mess
While the ceiling fan blowing her dress
Ten minutes of jerking along with the slurping
Her skirt hid her talent until I raised the curtains
Showtime at the Apollo, she'll follow my lead
Then get on her knees, then swallow her pride
Strapped and ready to ride


Yeah, that's my down bitch
That's my down bitch, anything she do for her man
If it's lying on the stand, fish frying in the pan
She a Queen like Liz the third, wicked curves
On her worst day still rocking linens and furs
How she do it in the sack, jazz music in the back
Flat blew a nigga back, act two, I'm into that
Damn right, she the star of my team
When we stepped on the strip, baby girl, we the heart of the scene
Whether Brooklyn, Bronx, Manhattan or Queens
Staten Island, she styling, if not, she's not seen
Playboy status, every man's lust
She acting all shy, but she likes handcuffs
I'm the first on the court, first to hit the dance floor
The floss in this rap sport, what more can ya ask for?
Let ya glass pour, Wu-Tang is here now
All my Independent Women, time to let ya hair down
Bottles popping, everything is fair ground
Fresh legs, window shopping, can't help to stare it down
You'se a starter cuz I chose ya first
Baby, you'se a starter, where you throw that skirt
Lady, you'se a starter, way ya hold it down
Yeah, I'm Cold Blooded, then ya love my style
This is rush hour traffic, first one to merk off
It's like clockwork, first to get ya work off
I'm the workhorse, Killa Bee performer
Pro darter, starter, not a bench warmer, what?


You've learned how to kill
Every moved you make is trained to that end
Yet, we wish to preserve life
The first thing to learn, is that difference
Then you can start training with us, from the beginningEmbed
Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside)
Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside)
Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside)
Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside)
Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (1-2-3-4)

Blood money mercenaries, think you can muscle Wu?
It's a foot race, who can out-hustle who?
Hip hop junkie flunky, monkey see, monkey do
Great minds connect like mobster rings
Sit back, let me do my, Sinatra thing
I'm in the Hip Hop Hall of Fame, on the wall is the plaques
Old ball and chain, I named her Madam X
She love big cannons, sex unprotected
You better respect it, kid, we 'bout to set trip
You get ya neck ripped, eyeballs are scoping
I don't sell crack, I sell dopium
Catch him at the podium, nah, he moving too fast
Professor X, behind the bulletproof glass
You need a Wu pass, a bag of that high
Easy with the flicks, baby, I'm camera shy

Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (1-2-3-4)
You might also like
We might have to 8 Diagram one of y'all MC's
We grind everyday and we hustle for cheese
Got our face on the front of CD's, we off the hook
W.T.C. y'all soft and shook
Y'all not built like the Cuban Linx Clan that get CREAM
And back heads down every time we sing
Give us a hundred grand for a show, let us rock
For more money, more chicks, more private stock

They call me Streetlife, slap the taste
Out ya mug, know ya place, you ain't thug, fix ya face
Throw a slug, catch a case
Meanwhile, beat trial, back on that cash cow
Getting CREAM, however, a street brother know how
Point blank, I'm pulling rank, calling shot, I got bank
Pass the rock, my hand's hot, hit 'em with the showshotter
Peace to my ala mater, Wu-Tang block scholars
Never settle for less, promoters pay us top dollar

Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside)
Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside)
Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside)
Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside)
Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside)
Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside)
Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside)
Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (Eastside, Westside)
Get that money, God, keep your sword sharp (1-2-3-4)
The Clan'll talk, Calabama niggas all'll quit
Talking that short dick shit, we was s'posed to be cool
Only the clue's on the other end of the stick
Somebody let the monkeys out the cage
Over-crowded police blood bamboo bimbo
Chickenhead skeezer crackrock hoodrat
Somebody let the monkeys out the cage
Barney here is down to a feeding dreadlock
Armpit like two Buckwheat's in a headlock
Macy Gray's hair between your leg lock
Somebody let the monkeys out the cage
Ya mother's so cross-eyed, when she cry tears roll down her back
Somebody let the monkeys out the cage
Somebody let the monkeys out the cage
{*coughs*} This shit is strong, god damn, what you got in there?
Over-crowded police blood bamboo bimbo
Chickenhead skeezer crackhead hoodrat
Somebody let the monkeys out the cage
Ya mother's so cross-eyed, when she cry tears roll down her back
Calabama niggas all'll quit
Talking that short dick shit
Speak up, no loud speaker but I'm speaking loud
Venacular ass kicking, truth got there in crowd
Shit, they call me the lethal lip
The linguistic, full metal jacket of venacular ballistic
Shooting out at the mouth without Chap or Blistec
Here's a mothafucka, I didn't flunk diaper rash
I'm verbally toxic, metal-piercing, forked, hollow point tongue
Dum dum, pow, shot from gattling gums
Hooked on phonics, packing a vicious vocabulary
Malicious, with malice and mayhem
Fuck a dictionary, give me the mic and I'll slay
Them and literally poetic symptoms
Pissing me the fuck off, missing me with that shit
I stick a venacular foot so far up in ya ass
You won't be able to pass verbal gas
So far in ya ass that one of my knees will rise so far above ya head
And you drown of a poetic ass kicking
Leaving lyrical lacerations on your lungs, from a verbal hangnail
That hung on my big toe, as I flow upward
Kicking yo on ya eardrum, you wanna hear some?
Tap dance on ya tonsils, leaving kiwi shoe polish on ya breath
Cavity in ya best rhyme, and I'm the access on the rest
Call me the proverbial verbal menacing dentist
With the drill, I got lyrical skills
I could perform oral root canals
It's unwise to fuck with me
Kick ya wisdom teeth down ya throat
Leaving you to choke
On where it hurts, unspoken vocals
Tying down ya vocal cord and windpipe tight
With toe jamming and ya mothafucking hemmoroids
Fuck the dumb shit...Embed
The heart is the general, the eyes are the scouts
The fists are the arrows, the body is the bow
All movements have to be....

It's phat, man, it's phat, man

I'm the 7 in the center of the sun, I keep shining
My inner light would turn my baby's tear drop to small diamonds
That be twinkling, while my love be sprinkling
We stay young while your old wicked faces be wrinkling
Allah's the most gracious, he made the universe the most spacious
Seen and heard in all places, but still appear faceless
Embraces all races, all caste and all cases
In every spec of life he's the substance of all traces
The answer to all questions, the spark of all suggestions
Of righteousness, the pathway to the road of perfection
Who gives you all and never ask more of you
The faithful companion that fights every war with you
Before the mortal view of the prehistorical, historical
He's the all and all, you searching for the oracle
A mission impossible, purely philosophical
But you call him on your death bed when you laying in the hospital
You might also likeAnd as you play all day like the grasshopper who work and toil
Like armies of ants carrying stones of soil
Building a home for themselves and storing food
At night we praise Allah and adore the moon
In sync like the flow of the Nile, the growth of a child
Only fearing God, we great a ghost with a smile
That which is spirit is spirit, which is flesh is flesh
Meaning life has no partnership with death
Yo, I've been highly misunderstood by those who met us
They had ears of corn and heads of lettuce
Mentally dead, essentially led
By the false teachings, and eventually pledge
Their allegiance, to that which was against them
And exempt them from the truth
Then juiced them and pimped them
To give it in tithes, so the church can rise
While their babies home hungry covered with flies
Bzzzz, trying to harness the wind
Allah's the father from without and within
On Christ return, who will announce him?
Every tree is numbered, but who can count them?
The name of all things on this world, who can pronounce them?
Allah's the father of all, why do you doubt him?

The heart is the general, the eyes are the scouts
The fists are the arrow, the body is the bow
All movements have to be natural
The wrist must be strong and the fingers powerful
Fast, high kicks, a good firm stance
Avoid the enemy's strong points...
Eagle's Claw!3Embed
Plush whips and rollies, ice chains and stogies
No bitch could hold me, in this Thug World

I hold it with the bolo grip, solo control the strip
Behold, P.L.O. the click, man, it's over with
So quick, notice how we bang with the knuckles bare
Wu-Tang, keep it fresh like tupper ware
The Jungle, Animal House, gat in your mouth
Polly with the wild life, cannibal out
Give this five course meal in effect, reel to reel or cassette
Or with the mask on, peelin' the tech
Killah Hill, man, you feelin' my set, feelin' my rep
And I'm met, with the top down, wheelin' the 'Vette
Scoop me downtown, cop the brown and back to the bids
Twist a blunt in front of Jake and still mash on the strip
Stay sick with the rap shit, stacking them chips
In the pits, stick shit, cats packing them grips
Bad bitch with the black six, after my dick
She like, 'this your pussy,' then she splashed my clique
Not a fake, not a fraud, see my name on the wall
Niggas straight, like an inmate, try'nna make the board
Snake waiting, dudes came for sure, I lay law
Stay raw, cause a 'massacre' with no 'chainsaw'
Half y'all talk about it, but you don't want war
See my wolves eat the bones and we still want more
We be foaming at the mouth, even, I doubt we leave without eating
So without reason, pounds are squeezing
The lifestyle of fiends and beans, big dreams and CREAM
Bitches ride like the Scream Machine
For a taste of it, the chicks strip, clean out the jeans
Next thing she was smuggling coke between the seams
You might also like + (RZA)
If real niggas is listening, the life we living in, is wrong
(Witty Wu-Tang is unpredictable, Witty Wu-Tang is unpredictable)
Back for transitions, to save us from harm
We in the race for time... so we won't lose our mind
But if we run the race like a thug
We would lose that mind that we made of

You kept the weapon concealed like a magician's secret dollar bill
Liable to pull a knife from out of his heel
Snatch the sword from the rock with one hand
One finger, bzzz, turn ya body to sand
You'll be hoping you'd be Spidey, to get away from this
You be hoping you be whitey when the judge get pissed
One man, can't uplift the land
Like Method Man standing on the hands of fans
See the Captain and Lieutenants, true descendant
Splendid, unprecedented, hip hop vintage
Started from the park benches, before the NARCs could snitch us
He was God Cypher Divine, trying to spark the wizards
3Embed
Shh, shh, shh, shh
Wu, Wu, Tang, Tang

The joy the flowers bring me
The pain still has me sinking
All while my heart gently weeps
Your smile has got me shrinking
The tears in your eyes are twinkling
Because the heart gently weeps

Snowy night, fiends basing
A raisin in the sun was amazing
The joint on the dresser, a gauge went off
Jumped up, fish tank, it fell, and they stuck
They shot her cousin LaVon, he owed a buck
Willie was awful, pulled out the ratchet, let off two
Grits fell on his leg, Kiana ripped the cold boo'
He violent, an Island nigga with the talent
Of six killas who just came home, from straight wildin'
Robbin everything in Macy's, Lacy, short haircut
With long arms, who fuck niggas, got four babies
Yvette jabbed her, slapped her wig off, ran in the crib
She did the dumb shit, my nigga done clapped her
Lester, smoked Chester sister Vest, I heard it was a mess
They ripped the apple out her throat, blessed her
Hungry hyenas from Medina, all A-trainers
Who got reluct', think fast and blast for Beamers
You might also like
Yeah, yo, I brought my bitch out to Pathmark, she's pushin the cart
Headed to aisle four, damn, I got milk on my Clark's
That's what I get, not focusin from hittin that bark
My mouth dried, need plenty water quick, I feel like a shark
In the aisle, bustin them paper towels and wipin my Wally's down
I stood up to face a barrel, he's holding a shiny pound
It's him, he want revenge, I murdered his Uncle Tim
I sold him a bag of dope, his wife came and copped again
That bitch is crazy
And, uh, she brought her baby
She knew I had the murders a smack, it killed her man though
Now I got his fuckin' nephew grippin' his gat
You's a bitch
You better kill me
You know you booty
You pulled your toolie out on me
Motherfucker!
First thought was to snatch the ratchet
Said fuck it and fuckin grabbed it
I ducked, he bucked twice, this nigga was fuckin laughin
I wrestled him to the ground, tustle, scuffle, constantly kicked him
He wouldn't let go the joint, so I fuckin bit him
Shots was whizzin, hittin Clorox bottles
Customers screamin, then the faggot ran out of hollows
I had to show him what it's all about
Next thing you read in the paper:
"A man who came to kill gets knocked out"
I don't know why nobody told you
Man's not supposed to cry
Though we're just babies, and it's so crazy
How tears of joy bring so much life
Yo, ayo, yo, yo

You on your way to the store? Nigga grab me a Dutch
I'm mad as fuck, my dude
My count was short when I was baggin it up
Now I need liquor, nigga pass me a cup
What's up with Officer Brown?
The other day, he tried to shackle me up
He killed Kase, and now, he hassling us
This motherfucker got balls
Even the gall to try and patting me up
Time to re-up, let these niggas know we back on the block
With three hundred off a G-pack, crack in the spot

I don't know why nobody told you
A man's not supposed to cry
Though we're just babies, and it's so crazy
How tears of joy bring so much life
The joy the flowers bring me
The pain still has me sinking
All while my heart gently weeps
Your smile has got me shrinking
The tears in your eyes are twinkling
Because the heart gently weeps
3Embed
The fox, is kinda foxy, Mr. Wolf he's the guy
Who chased Red through the woods and ate Grandma
But a dog is a dog is a dog is a dog
Unlike the wolf, who made a widower of Grandpa

Yo, must I flex my cash to sex yo' ass?
I wet the Ave. when I set my path
The 'Vette don't crash, I'm built to long last
Grab my money clip, I hit the bong fast
Earn my respect, my checks they better cash
Finger on the trigger with my nigga Fred Glass
Knuckles is brass, start snuffin you fast
Jumpin outta cabs, grabbin money bags
Next shot go right through your hovercraft
You do the math my acid tongue slash
When will you learn it's return of Shaft
The genuine thriller, the Miller Draft
My force might blur, the Porsche'll purr
The apple martini, of course it's stirred
I'll do the honor,  the Shaolin bomber
Shark skin armor, I'll bring the drama

The fox, is kinda foxy, Mr. Wolf he's the guy
Who chased Red through the woods and ate Grandma
But a dog is a dog is a dog is a dog
Unlike the wolf, who made a widower of Grandpa
You might also like
Damn, defecatin' on the map
Wu-Tang takin it back, no fakin in the rap
How real is that, cause niggas hatin on the fact
That the kid is blazin this track and hatin on 'em back
My dough's stacked up with O's, who the mack
Duckin po'-po's blowin smoke O's in the 'Llac
To be exact, don't want no hassle with the stack
In the Big Apple, we the rotten apples in the back
Yeah, it's all grillin, how the fuck y'all feelin?
Non-stop park killin, on the block we was killin 'em
The arch villans, when the blood start spillin
Any stuck start squealin, body bags we was fillin 'em
Yeah, now I got it in the smash
Ounce of marijuana and a llama in the dash
Me and my comrades followin the cash
And livin e'ry day like tomorrow is the last

The fox, is kinda foxy, Mr. Wolf he's the guy
Who chased Red through the woods and ate Grandma
But a dog is a dog is a dog is a dog
Unlike the wolf, who made a widower of Grandpa

I'm like the St. Bernard to ya baby
When you're lost out in the snow
Like a coyote out on the desert
Where the foxes never go
And the wolf, they never go
Yo, would you recognize a jewel for what it is when you see it?
Or would you take it for somethin else and get tore the fuck up?
Men come together for the common cause
To beat yo' ass, just because
There's a line you don't cross offendin the boss
While of course his one selectin through your head shot
I'm back in the yard again, the bars callin
15 sets of this will have you swollen
Ladies like, "Damn papa you lookin right
I'd love to give you some of this pussy and I'm a dyke"
I write when the energy's right to spark friction
DJ cuttin it, spinnin it back mixin
Great pop knock tickin, poetry description
For the motion picture reenactment
Activate a hired assassin, keep it classic
Rap evolution every black, yo pass that

The fox, is kinda foxy, Mr. Wolf he's the guy
Who chased Red through the woods and ate Grandma
But a dog is a dog is a dog is a dog
Unlike the wolf, who made a widower of Grandpa3Embed
On the firing line... lock, one round load
Ready on the right? Ready on the left?
Ready on the firing line? Watch for your targets

Yeah
Yeah
Pay attention

Welcome to the fish fry where niggas get burnt to a crisp
Jump out the pot—"Yeah, yo, I got this"
Long armor, construction's on, I'm pro-drama
Catch me in the wildest beefs, I bring bombers
Bearded like Talibans, booted, my black ninjas'll come through
Tuxedos on with the gold llamas
Priceless like emeralds, check out the ski mask
King Tut's nephew gave it to me for three bags of heron
Don Baron, sniff a bag of blow
Fifth out, running up in Saks with the ill army
Shake feds, play dead—"Yo, check out what Rae said"
Lay on ya hands, let the Branson break bread
High energy, all my niggas are kin to me
Regardless how it go down, I still get ten a ki'
Beware of my enemies, y'all remember me
Nikes with the low goose on, and I been a beast
Wilding in my headphones, red in my stones (Uh-huh)
Good ganja out, if I die fill up my headstones
With water, dough, acid and gold classics
All my niggas who pump, the spirit'll jump out and grab shit
Max with the laser on 'em, staircase caskets
Broke bugged thugs in the hallway maxing
You might also like
Still them 1-6-Ooh niggas
Straight up
Whoa, hold up, hold up

The nozzle aim rip through ya frame for pocket change
Fiend for the Rush Hour 4 then pop a vein
Thousand-dollar corks pop, pause or get off top
Used to be a general, just lost your spot
"Animal House," two grand'll handle your mouth
Beast mode with the G-Code, cancel 'em out
Son, I've seen Hell, fell into the palms of Satan arms
Don that I am, made 'em bow in the face of God
Graveyard-shifting, different day, the same thing
The name ring, then, the chain swing, and dames cling
Money green, Maury kicks, whips and new fitteds
("It was all a dream") Advocated by the few who do live it
Bloomberg make a nigga cop the Mausberg
Shorty ain't a shorty, he a shooter like Wahlberg
Old man told me, "Don't be blind to deception
Only strive for perfection homey, your mind is a weapon"

Relax
You got your muscles tight
Relax
Word... Word...
First we told y'all niggas, then we showed y'all niggas, huh?
We gon' take it back with this
By the time you get a show, we've been all around the globe, huh?
We gon' take it back with this
Before you even had a name, you was screaming "Wu-Tang"
We gon' take it back with this
When we was running on the block, you was under ya pops, remember
We gon' take it back with this... let's go

Yo, yo, yo, armor truck money, Shazam bangles
Play the throne like Julius Caesar, gorilla mob, slash, Killah's gaurd
Fake passports and visas, all of my goons
They be carrying spoons because boo be having massive seizures
Hot chocolate lovers, guns is published
Detroit bitches out of town be dying to fuck us
This is real talk, shank lullabyes
Ben Franks, we like Jet Blue, we stay hella high
Curl on the dumbell L, we can't even S-P-E-L-L
MTV or TRL
Supreme novelists, we rank superior, guarding the post
Down low in the 'jects, got it locked in your area (Get up)
Ain't tryna hurry up
We like rebel niggas powdered up, wilding in the streets of Liberia
No matter the crime, I'm beating the case
If I'm wrong, a chair'll hit a judge right in his face
Shitting shanks out, come to court dates (Ugh)
Mittens on shines with blood Wallys that's the color of wine
Yo, talk to me, my criminal mystique
Kick back the boards, six thousand a week
Pay homage, what the don beat, you're a minor threat
I see your sweat roll down your cheek
And you're soft and sweet, your talk is pork
Get murdered in New York when I enforce the heat
And the cost ain't cheap, my advice is priceless
Bring back the life that you thought was lifeless
The way of the gun, son, who the nicest?
S.K., no stun gun, smooth devices
"Time Crisis," I played the game, low lifers
In a brawl, rip the phones out the walls in Rikers
Vipers in the infirmary rooms with slicers
Shiesters with hate in their blood might bite you
Fuck that bitch if your wife don't write you
Cancel her, buy another one just like her
Pipers in the bucket of ice taste righteous
Today's mathematics when we build in cyphers
The baby automatic kill like Air Force strikers
I'm still Asiatic when I spill the hypeness

The dark, and this place will come here
That's right!

First we told y'all niggas, then we showed y'all niggas, huh?
We gon' take it back with this
By the time you get a show, we've been all around the globe, huh?
We gon' take it back with this
Before you even had a name, you was screaming "Wu-Tang"
We gon' take it back with this
When we was running on the block, you was under ya pops, remember
We gon' take it back with this... let's goEmbed
(Make me yours)
He get out of line, break his fucking arm
You know how it go
(What am I supposed to say? Yeah)
You know, word up
Not playing the games with these niggas, man
(Somebody tell me what do I do)
None at all, man, hit ‘em off, none of that, man

Aiyo, jump out the Acura, crazy heavy, what's popping?
Us locking the game, word to every hand on the locman
Street gwop, everybody eats, sweep blocks
This is a message, ain't go no grams, we gon' beatbox
Study like lessons, niggas in the game biting the grain
You knowing where it came from, stop it
You thought we wasn't coming? You dumbing, you blunted again
Watch Lex get that dough out ya pocket, rhyme all 'pallegic
Can't nothing move when I rhyme, when I drop lines it's law out in Egypt
Love ups, don't need no batteries now, what?
The only niggas that'll glow'll be us
Yo, throw me in Sin City, leave me with the vultures and bats
Then give me two weeks to bubble like Kim titties
Dirt Dog, we miss you, now it's time to murder the game
Cuz if things change, you know it ain't against Wu
You might also like
What am I supposed to say? Yeah
Somebody tell me what do I do
What am I supposed to say? Yeah

We keep it hot, keep the heat on the block
We never stop, drawing water up until it begin to drop
Raining with the patchwork of puzzles
That was written in the year of the dragon
More raw than you could ever imagine
How much of a great blessing to a rap city
Where the youth is organically fed, from the Witty
Unpredictable, Talent And Natural Game is lyrical
Analyze the picture, the portrait, the visual
A Cuban Link Chef cooks spaghetti that's untied
RAGU nigga whose tomatoes are sundried
He gave y'all niggas whiplash from bling bling
But my rhyme'll give ya hot flash and moodswings
Math shed light on divine secrets, then science leaked it
For the lower level creatures that can't peep it
I observe MC's, regardless
From a neighboring world which is ten times the sharpness...

What am I supposed to say? Yeah
Somebody tell me what do I do
Let the track wind and ya mind flow free
Remain conscious on this ride to ya best ability
Infinity, back to the source of which it came
Energy, see it change forms, atoms being born, never ending
On and on and on and, travel with me
Not trying to convince the pack, that it's a fact
For those who can't adapt, I lived it, shitted it back
We have agreed, you'll feel the impact of the truth when I'll squeeze
The brain feels something pop, hip hop, locked in texts
Fat checks, fly whips, jewelry, chicks
Enough kicks, fitted crown, buttoned down
Underneath the white T lies the four pound
This is forty-five minutes of menacing
Dismantling, any MC opponent stepping in the zone
Get ya face blown (Get ya face blown)

What am I supposed to say? Yeah
Somebody tell me what do I do

Observe the word, when I speak, get the truth's heard
True to the curb, Wu classic is the new birth
Spreading the blessing across seven continents
Arm of the trench, there's no form of defense
Entertainment, nine swords swing rapid
Check the techniques, first bow to The Abbott
Witty Unpredictable, gritty individual
Valid, if it's Actual, Talent and it's Natural
Game, rugged like the train, pump it in ya vein
I and I ride or die under the name
W-U, the primary, ya secondary
Definitely not necessary, the legendary
You printed the blueprints to do this shit
Moving the youth in the bricks
Spit poison tipped darts that rip hearts
Through the chest, when I manifest my sick art
Speaking my mind, fall in line when I spit mine
Still in my prime, still'll shine til it quit time
If this is a crime, find me guilty, I'm so sublime
So rapid with rhymes, sayin' I'm slacking is asinine
Revealing the truth, catching feelings, it's still the Wu
Gorilla the booth, body armored, them killa proof
In living proof, I'm the Wittiest Unpredictable
Most Talented rap muthafucker you ever listened to

I'm a hustler, I grind til my pack is done
Give a seed mad knowledge til they crack and run
Can't nobody fuck with me, I'm just too nice
Smack niggas in they head everytime I write
Yo, I'm straight from Park Hill where the guns is popping
Where them little black kids do they grocery shopping
Go to school fucked up, it's Africa Island
We poor in the bricks but inside it's nothing but talentEmbed
Yeah, torture, motherfucker, what?
Torture, nigga, what?
What? I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin' tie you to a fuckin' bedpost
With your ass cheeks spread out and shit, right?
Put a hanger on a fuckin' stove and let that shit sit there for like a half hour, take it off and stick it in your ass slow like "tsss"
Yeah, I'll fuckin', yeah, I'll fuckin' lay your nuts on a fuckin' dresser, just your nuts layin' on a fuckin' dresser, and bang them shits with a spiked fuckin' bat (Blaow)
Ooh wassup?
I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin', pull your fuckin' tongue out your fuckin'
Mouth and stab the shit with a rusty screwdriver, blaow
I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin' hang you by your fuckin' dick off the fuckin' twelfth stor-story building out this motherfucker
I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin', sew your asshole closed, and keep feedin' you, and feedin' you, and feedin' you, and feedin' you
Yo, roll the dice, yo, roll the dice
Yo, so it's goin' down like that, huh? Yeah?
Niggas is wildin', check it out, kid

From the slums of Shaolin, Wu-Tang Clan strikes again
The RZA, the GZA, Ol' Dirty Bastard, Inspectah Deck
Raekwon the Chef, U-God, Ghostface Killah and the Method Man

M-E-T-H-O-D Man
M-E-T-H-O-D Man
M-E-T-H-O-D Man
M-E-T-H-O-D Man
You might also like
Hey, you, get off my cloud
You don't know me and you don't know my style
Who be gettin' flam when they come to a jam?
Here I am, here I am, the Method Man
Pat-a-cake, pat-a-cake, hey, the Method Man
Don't eat Skippy, Jif or Peter Pan
Peanut butter 'cause I'm not butter
In fact, I snap back like a rubber
Band, I be Sam, Sam-I-Am
And I don't eat green eggs and ham
Style'll hit ya, wham, then goddamn
You'll be like, "Oh shit, that's the jam"
Turn it up, now hear me get buck w-w-wild
I'm about to blow, light me up (Light me up)
Upside, downside, inside and outside
Hittin' you from every angle, there's no doubt I
Am the one and only Method Man
The master of the plan, rappin' shit like Saran
Wrap, with some of this and some of that
Hold up (What?) I tawt I taw a putty tat
Over there, but I think he best to beware
Of the diggy dog shit right here
Yippy-yippy-yay, yippy-yah, yippy-yo
Like Deck said, "This ain't your average flow"
Comin' like rah, ooh-ah, achie-kah
Tell me, how you like it so far, baby paw?
The poetry's in motion, coast to coast and
Rub it on your skin like lotion
What's the commotion? Oh my Lord
Another corn chopped by the Wu-Tang sword
"Hey, hey, hey" like Fat Albert
It's the Method Man, ain't no if ands about it
It's the Method
Alright, y'all, get your White Owls
Get your Meth', get your skins
Don't forget your 'orty
And we gonna do it like this

I got fat bags of skunk
I got White Owl blunts
And I'm about to go get lifted
Yes, I'm about to go get lifted
I got myself a Forty
And I got myself a shorty
And I'm about to go and stick it
Yes, I'm about to go and stick it, uh

H-U-F-F, huff, and I puff
Blow like snow when the cold wind's blowin'
Zoom, I hit the mic like boom
Wrote a song about it, like to hear it? Here it goes
Question, what exactly is a panty raider?
Ill behavior, savior or major flavor
All of the above, oh yeah, plus seducer
Also, flam, I'm the man, call me super
Not an average Joe with an average flow
Doin' average things with average hoes
Yo, I'm super, I'll make a bitch squirm
For my super sperm (Check it)
Check it, I give it to you raw butt-naked
I smell sess, pass the method
Let's get lifted as I kick ballistic
Missiles and shoot game like a pistol
Clip is loaded when I click bang (Bang)
A Wu-Tang slug hits your brain
J-U-M-P, jump, and I thump
Make girls rump like pump and Humpty Hump
Wild, the Shaolin style is all in me
Child, the whole damn isle is callin' me
P-A-N-T-Y, R-A-I-D-E-R, mad raw, I don't fry
Meaning, no one can burn or toss and turn me
Ooh, I be the super sperm
Chim-chimney, chim-chim, cher-ee
Freak a flow and flow fancy free
Now, how many licks does it take
For me to hit the Tootsie Roll center of a break?
Peep and don't sleep, the crew's mad deep (Wu-Tang)
Fadin' motherfuckers like bleach
So to each and every crew
You're clear like glass, I could see right through
Your whole damn posse be catchin' 'em all, 'cause you vic'd
And you didn't have friends to begin with, I'm—
The M-E-T-H-O-D Man
M-E-T-H-O-D Man
M-E-T-H-O-D Man
Here I am, here I am, the Method Man

Straight from the slums of Shaolin
Wu-Tang Killa Beez on a swarm
Your soul have just been tooken
Through the 36 Chambers of death, kid
Word to mother, Method Man signin' off, peace80Embed
(come on in)
Dinn-dnn-dnn-ta-dnn
(come on in)
Dinn-dnn-ta-dnn, dinn DNN DAH
(come on, come on, come on in)
Dnn-da-duh-duh-DAH, you BITCH ASS niggas!
(come on in, come on, come on, come on in)

As High As Wu-Tang get
Allah allow us pop this shit
Just like black shoe fit
If you can't wear it, well, don't fuck with it!

Yo, too many songs, weak rhymes that's mad long
Make it brief, son, half short and twice strong
No doubt, it took time searchin'
Eventually, it was prime urgent
For you to examine the rhyme merchant
Lace MC's with styles when they rhyme drunk
On a label hunt, until twenty thou, out the trunk
Eight Diagram sword swinga armored tank force
RZA throw in the disc, but then change the bank source
You can't flow, must be the speech impediment
You got lost off the snare off Impeach the President
Whether in Amsterdam smokin' seven grams of green
Venue packed, a thousand white teens in tight jeans
This Witty Unpredictable shot is critical
To analytical analogy, insurance policies why
Said he know that sounds define the note
Couldn't recognize, blast him the fuck behind the ropes
Too many dope niggas I see starvin'
Catch a single deal, a possible plea bargain
Wu slay regardless to whom or what, five mics, five nights
Hang him from the balcony, drop twenty-five flights
A fugitive bass playin' rap czar
Smoke the cigars, his prints on the strings of his guitar
You might also like
As High As Wu-Tang get
Allah allow us pop this shit
Just like black shoe fit
If you can't wear it, well, don't fuck with it!

Tical got a hold on ya, doin' exactly
What the fuck I mari-wanna, this nigga nasty
Deep in the dirty dungeon, buggin', lovin'
The ways these rhymes keep comin', at cha, splash ya
Get your head piece fractured with killer cuts
From the Shropshire Slasher, rip shit up
Got this whole thing Tang mastered, sho nuff
An MC too good to be touched — John John
Bring the phenomenon, I cold crush
MC inferiorities, they froze up
Ice cold as we move on, saga unfold
Captivated by a saga that go untold, like Goldfinger
Caught up in a cliffhanger
Yo, I-N-S, another code red, danger
Break out the vest, now it's tactical warfare, it's all here
Come with your shield and hardware, it be on here
Don't ever roam, in the naked city
Eight million stories, none pretty
Bomb 'em wit' the Witty Unpredictable
Conditionin' be critical
Peace to Tang, gettin' high on your physical
This next drink is a toast to your memory
When I go, how many niggas gon' remember me?
As High As Wu-Tang get
Allah allow us pop this shit
Just like black shoe fit
If you can't wear it, well, don't fuck with it!3Embed
Yeah, yeah
I see everything
I see everything
YouknowhatI'msayin?
It's like when we come through
You better have your fuckin third eye open
You know, cause thats what time it is, youknowhatI'msayin?
Cause it's like, when you walk, you striving for perfection
That's what we doing
Understand?
So all that little fake shit out there
We know the science on that
We done seen that shit from, from from difference of angles
YouknowhatImean?
It's like, yo kid, for real
Wu-Tang, we set off a lot of shit in this shit kid, youknowhatImean?
But you know, you know us, we play it calm, humble
YouknowhatImean?
But I just be checking out niggas darts and I be like
Damn, them niggas, them niggas is really, really, really, really, really thinking this their shit!
Uh ha, uh ha ha
YouknowhatImean?
But it's all good cause I'm the soul controller, youknowhatImean?
Rather I say we the soul controllers
The bottom line, like I said
Deal with freedom, justice, equality
You know?
Keep shining, add on
Food, clothing, and shelter
All my niggas, go pick up uniforms
Go, when you buy this album
Go pick up uniforms, for real
YouknowhatImean?
Cause don't think we doing this just for anybody
We doing this shit for certain niggas, kid
Certain people rather
Certain-certain fans, certain supporters
Certain delegators, word
What the fuck man, I'm tired of seeing these
Fake ass niggas fucking, running with the fucking globe
Ain't even, ain't even really seeing it the way it, it should really be seen, youknowhatImean?
It's like, if you going to spread mathematics
Spread it right
YouknowhatImean?You might also like1Embed
*weather and* *always*
Damn man these radio stations be bugging
It's three o'clock in the morning
Damn, this hip hop shit just keep it
They gotta slow this shit down man, you know what I mean?

Fiends were never waiting in the hill
They ran one step ahead
But the jiggy was always there
Upon the project pavement
There was death, enslavement of the mind
Single mothers are filled with stress
As I lay there with my baby
We would look, from the window, and cry
Then suddenly in the sky
Between the new world ages
We were blessed, and Wu-Tang fills the ear
With the melody of a train (Lord is suddenly here!)

False MC's are melting in the dark, all the weak LP's are
Going dowwwwwwwwwwwwwn
God released the tape out, early May
And, I don't think the world can take it
Cause it took so long to make it
And the hip-hop game'll never be the sammmmmmme
You might also likeWu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang

Upon the project pavement
There was death, enslavement of the mind
Single mothers are filled with stress
Between the new world ages
We were blessed, and Wu-Tang fills the air
With the knowledge that God posses
As I lay there with my baby
We would look, from the window, and cry
Then the Wu-Tang sign appears, in the sky

Billboards started melting in the dark, all the weak MC's are
Going dowwwwwwwwwwwn
God released the tape of, Earthly pain
And, I don't think the world can take it
Cause it took so long to make it
And the hip-hop game'll never be the sammmmme
And I don't think the world can take it
Cause it took so long to make it
And the hip-hop game'll never be the sammmmme

Hey, hey, hey
Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang1Embed
 Yo, you know what I mean? Chillin within
 Word up, niggas is stupid
 Look out for the cops man, look out for the cops
 Yo it was on last year Son
 Huh? Fuck
Them cops
 Word
 Scrape them
Niggas
 Niggas want two hundred grand over the table
 Like this
 That shit looks pretty
 Yo
 I don't know what the fuck made em in they own mind
 Pass the weed off man *inhale*
 think they could come f--, they could fuck wit this Dunn
 Yo G, the Mexican niggas is definitely buggin the fuck
{*cop's walkie talkie is heard*}
 Mike's was crystal, erythang
 other Mexicans be all the fuck up on your shit nigga
{*cop's walkie talkie still babbling*}
 Aiyyo you got a light?
 Excuse me can you put that out please?
 Oh shit
 For what? For what?
 Jiggy
 Could you please put that out?
 For what? I ain't puttin..
 Put the shit out now!
 I ain't puttin shit out!!
 UP AGAINST THE FUCKIN WALL!
{*everything gets chaotic*}
 UP AGAINST THE FUCKIN WALL!!!
 The fuckin bitch? Get that bitch!
 Slap fire out!
 Oh no no no no no no no
 Get your shit right
 Get what?
 We gonna swerve on these niggas one time that's my word
{*music fades in*}
"What you gonna do when you grow up, and have to face responsibility"
 That's comin from Louis Rich
 Baggin, you know what time it is, aiyyo, aiyyo, aiyyo
You might also like
Put them cracks down you just started slanging two months ago
What up with Larry Francisco tell him to let that bitch go
Why you standing there? Posing you like Donna Karan wear
Nigga save that, the same shit you had it last year
You be running with them outsiders
That shit is fucked up yo, we never turn to dick riders
Your Mac is big, got a little grip, yo
You think that shit gon live what he did -- what this nigga said
Remember when his mans got there, the whole shit was set up
Shut up, whole fam want the science and the letter
It got back to me some niggas in Medina askin me
"You know some niggas in the gold E-Class," splash to me
Yo that shit you had in Vegas
Yo, it could have got us both sprayed up
They seen the Ac, noticed Jada
Hair salon, treating shorty like Quran
Her fam major swing kingpins you won't dare front on
Octavia with all the ice on, yo
She own a car wash now, her little Keon doing triple life
Marry a Son who got baked, it coulda been
For a half a cake, play the shank, maybe bite her
Shit is fucked up when they got us yo
She fainted at her baby wake now watch the breakdown (face responsibility)
She fainted at her baby wake now yo watch the breakdown
Little ghetto boy, playing in the ghetto street

Yo all of y'all niggas got the whole story wrong
Talk what you talk but twist the real song
When it comes down to this, not a licensed driver
Show y'all niggas whose style is more liver
This is not a act this is more actual fact
Nothing but experience placed upon track
With the true sound, not lying out the crown
When we not working we hardly be around
Yeah see the light, right now we could fight
You not a real brother you just a fake type
That get on the mic then throw your cliché
Half the East coast sounding just like Rae
If you a Gambino, give credit to the flow
If you not a part of this kid act like you know
Fuck the studio, Cappaccino the great
Fly cherry head niggas like planes out of state
I ain't friends with you, only my CD hit you
If you want some then stop fronting is the issue
It's my turn, live niggas could pass
Two-faced rappers push they shit last
Straight off the edge into the rubbish
Peep my new style fuck Cristal and Moet
I drink Evian water while my thoughts get published
What you gonna do when you grow up, and have to face responsibility?
Little ghetto boy, playin in the ghetto streets
What you gonna do when you grow up...(1336448)
What you gonna do when you grow up, and have to face responsibility?
Little ghetto boy, playin in the ghetto streets
What you gonna do when you grow up, and have to face responsibility?

One is invulnerable, in fact
It involves strenuous breath control
Out of all techniques, it's the most difficult
The human body has a hundred and eight pressure points
Thirty-six of these can be fatal
The remainder, paralyzing5Embed
As we return to the 36 Chambers
The RZA, the GZA, the Ol' Dirty BZA
U-God, Chef, the Ghostface Killah
And Meth, Rebel I soldier for the foreclosure
Don't forget about the Masta

Yo! Motherfuckers halt when my Colt start stompin'
Thunder strikes your land with the jolt
Your stamina level is low
Like currents from the volts of relentless punishment that multiplies
At a speed that the naked eye can't detect
The infantry, peep the weapontry as I bomb atomically
Stagnant they stood, surrounded and astounded
By this total square mileage of violence that I brung
I've not yet begun to stung
It's the ethics and rigorous training methods of the Abbott
Incite oversees the opposition
Penetrates then infiltrates, breakin' down your resistance
Leavin' competition defenceless
Masta! Hip-Hop antagonizer
Dumb, deaf and blind civilizer with the silencer

Yo! Piledriver Tut boulder face blow Hulk
Anger rap book causin' chess blade smoke
Monster truck, punk! Elephant gun poke
Jawbreaker humanoid vice grip, choke!
Face the inferno, maestro pull it
Pipe hard slang, bite the golden bullet
Never sold my soul, Golden Arm cold stinger
See me on the streets, address me stone bringer
Ease away, freeze back, feedback, play out in sweet
Action packed rap, bite it, stomp on the beat
Possess hollow head battle teeth Tony Atlas
Wu status — now, wisdom to the masses
You might also like
Cock back my tongue like a hammer
My head is like a nickel-plated bammer
Spit .45 caliber grammar
At the speed of wind, makes you bleed within
Crack your skull without penetratin' your skin
Reign of champ official, Wu stamp with black pistols
Spent the weekend programmin' phat tracks at Camp Crystal

Home on the range, rebel with a pen
Writin' critically acclaimed scriptures that do you in
Mr. Mef, Hot Nickels
Say my shit holdin' my Sex Pistol, deal me in!

The bewilderin' Killa Bee quickly sting ya!
I ain't gotta lift one fuckin' finger
Make sure the God Irief turns on the ringer
We duckin' the subpoena
Fatal Flying Guillotine machine from Medina

Check the 150 millimeter heater
As it blows holes through your fuckin' speaker
Makin' you weaker, creepin'; inches, centimeters
Fifty caliber street sweeper
Shots from Shaolin that go to Massapequa
Things'll never be the same after this one
Ghost Rider spit flame, lay back and twist one
Recognize the gods came for one accord
One mind and one common cause — that's the shit, son!
Play them crows out position, you might hear me, but you don't listen
Competition — come and get some!
Red marker still bleedin' through the paper
Of this sick, premeditated murder caper

I walk with the Shaolin strut! Burn a dutch
Watch Street eat 'em up, Cold Crush bum rush
Spot rushers get touched, bagged up, handcuffed
Y'all niggas can't fuck with us! (fuck with us!)
(AHHH!! AHHHHHHH!)

Pass me the Black Velvet, embassy suite, killin' me
Spell it, Maxi Priest caught me in a daze up on Delancey Street
Stand solar, deadly vengeance with a crowbar
It's like the dreads worshipin' Jah, so Aloha!
Pineapple crush, 850 swerve it with a rush
Plush, the Canola Range spittin' off the roof, holdin' my change
Yo, it's ragtime! Universal 12 Monkey mind
It's like stalkin' through your airport with a chunky 9
The underboss, Staten New York
Bloodsport gun talk, holdin' fort back! Take 'em to court
(One-time!)
It's the burner Shaolin bound, face down, you gets murdered
Roadblock, shell shocked, stretched on a back block
Yo, it's warfare when you ring here, slugs fly through mid-air
Landin' thugs in wheelchairs from the slugfest
Keeps the iron where the head rest for the conquest
Subway, wordplay ricochet through your projects, crime pays
Matched up in a staircase, in a dark place
Embraced by the tré-eight, I'm in so deep I can't escape
These crime situations, I stay in man formation
If shot echoes through the ghetto locations
I remain P.L.O., slam cats like Bam Bam Bigelow
Throw a flow like Nomo, relate like Fidel Castro
I be the great all pro, hangin' MCs by they logos
My street journal reacts and blaze like an inferno

If I hit these trees, I'll be happy (Hahaha! Yanahmean?)
That's all I need right there (Yanahmean?)
Fuck the pussy, give me the money and the weed!
(Is that nigga Rebel? That's INS right there, right?)
Yo, Deck! Get a Dutch from that store!
(Get a Dutch, baby!)3Embed
Shake them niggas

Scary hours no money out, smash the Guinness Stout
Play the outfield, Lucille, switched cracks on shields
She's a rich fiend sacrifice her fam shift them niggas
To Queens
Guess jeans she charged thirty-five beans
Hit the cell phone, regulate with well known Tone
A Wally kingpin who also slam the strike edition
What up? Corleone smoke the bone, Tone phone me
What up? He tried to slang there, address him with chrome only
Grady with the gray beard, transporting for him
Rocking Nike Air, Rastafarian bird, piping that
Switchin Benzes, ten carat nigga with gold lenses
Fronting like he's sitting on a lump, he's sitting on junk
You wanna pull a heist, draw guns and robberies
You wanna rock rep, step in yellow Wallabies
Names arraigned, they're Century Fox, little Glocks
Them niggas with stocks, wheelyin'  blocks
Rich lifestyle, spoiled like an ordinary white child
But right now, Sun it still shine, shed light now
Breakdown, liquidate God, fucking grab the nickel plate
'Spencer: For Hire', tension when we mention Dryer
He's a slave cop, behave pop
Isuzu Beige Top will blow that cat at the Purple Haze spot
You might also like
I remember sticking fiends at the one-six-ooh
When we was starving, ducking five-oh, paying 'em dues
Times is hard in the slums I'm from, they got us barred in
We warring and cage dodging, ripping and robbing
Got the NARC sabotaging, slipping cracks in
Your camouflaging, now you snitching on the squadron
That's something niggas can't pardon
City overrun by young gun with bad intention and Wu-Wear garment
So I see no need to mention, the potency
Of a sting from a killa bee, kicking the battery
Out the back of them wisecracks
Distorted for your get high, you hijack
These friendly skies ain't for you, they for me and mine
This the year of the grimy nigga, ragtime
Keep these niggas on the run, peep my Clan emblem
Iron Lung ain't got to tell you where it's coming from

Catch us swimming with these sharks now, you rap villains
(I feel the same way you niggas feeling)
We feel the same way you feeling, let it be known (let it be known)
What the blood clot you niggas dealing, you crash dummies
Cash rules, still don't nothing move but the money

Aiyyo strongarm that kid right there with wavy hair
Billy Johnson snatched him out his whip in Times Square
Took his Pumas, nameplate, dude lost weight
Summer '88, started a fight, that can't wait
Ask Dorothy, same kid pussy up in Marcy
Blazing that Ted Rossi up in The Marquees
He lost like a hundred ounces, Jake rushed his houses
Had him on the porch, ass no trousers
This souped up, individual stuck, the new stuff
Same kid crying on the stand with Judge Kuffner
Kissed him with odd numbers three to nine style
Before he left he flashing his face like Denzel
Richard Dale took his Beaver, Un threw up all in his whip
Mussy dropped and split his wig with the heater
His shape-up was all fucked up, Heze had me laughing
God you see how he was laid out in the grass
With dirt in his mouth, Slim woke him up told him he wild out
Blood leaking from his teeth he smiled like he gummed out
Big bolo, stacking his shit, financed a Volvo
He copped his shit from a small coffee shop in SoHo
He still pussy, he sell his dust up on the Lower East
Posing like he rapping out...3Embed

Yo, (Wu) one two (Tang) one two (Wu-Tang)
It's the Wu (Wu-Tang) creepin in the shadows (Wu-Tang)
(Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang)
(Oh baby, for heavens sake)
Sir I, Excalibur  (Wu-Tang...)
(Oh baby, for heavens sake)
(Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang)
(Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang)
(Oh baby, for heavens sake)
Yeah

My rap style swing like Willie Mays
My eyes Purple Haze, my solar rays’ll burn through shades
Rhyme grenades raid the airwaves, catch this rap page
I glide like, hovercrafts on the Everglades
Boom master, with the faster blade, track slasher
Manufacture poems to microphones, bones fracture
Limited edition composition spark friction
Non-fiction, the calm bomb, keep your arm distant
Zero tolerance, dominant intelligence
Wu original, true colors stem from the melanin
The most high, most try, to get close by
And overthrow I, but choke, with they hopes up high
I circulate the tri-state and vibrate beyond the Richter
Fly sistas flock when they spot this live nigga
The crowd seducer black your third eye before I lose ya
Verbal high, leave styes in the eyes of Medusa
Top ten, poly like Cochran, and Sharpton
Narrow margin, of your odds to dodge the marksman
Murder rap, kill you soft like Roberta Flack
Words attack like a British Bulldog, observe the stats
You might also like
(Oh baby, for heaven's sake)
(Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang)
(Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang)
(Oh baby, for heaven's sake)
(Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang)
(Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang)
(Oh baby, for heaven's sake)
(Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang)
(Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang)
(Oh baby, for heaven's sake)
(Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang)
(Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang)

Now all pay tribute to this entity
A spark that surges through the undergrowth
Overwhelming the populace from the entry
The Wu-Tang Dynasty, has emerged
From this elite fleet I was appointed to strike the vital nerve
Mouths tend to utter and speak empty words
Observe the magnetic attraction as we breathe
Seeds of MC's that these fake ass industry niggas
Feed off, the chrome might tend to squeeze off
And spray, an array of shots
That travel downwind, just respect my prolific pen
As I ascend, the minds of the weak
To rise and take power Eiffel tower-ing over the land
As we stand, expanding our cream
A dollar to every grain of sand
Let the mind use the physical as planned
(Oh baby, for heaven's sake)
(Oh baby, for heaven's sake)
(Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang)
(Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang)

Yo, yo, this is Beirut
Try to comprehend check out my new suit
Darts blend aim take fire pure destruction
Disappear from here, my year, drop the stupid LP's everywhere
Fallin out the sky tall sniper
Raps by Cappadonna hit the countryside
Poetry whirlpool, RZA and True collide
We produce article exception to the rule
We the black men that struck oil, the hardboiled
Cats that made that Watergate thing go spoiled
The heavy-handed, locked down stranded with Cyrus
Wu Pirates, sneak inside the club, low eyes
Low down dirty, twelve thirty, night time crawlers
Off-the-wallers, basketball gun brawlers
Smoked out throw both fists for nine-seven
Slang reverend, put the best work in

(Oh baby, for heaven's sake)
(Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang)
(Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang)
(Oh baby, for heaven's sake)
(Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang)
(Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang)
(Oh baby, for heaven's sake)
(Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang)
(Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang)
(Oh baby, for heaven's sake)
(Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang)
(Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang)
Yo
(Oh baby, for heaven's sake)7Embed
Yo, yo one two one two, yo live in effect
We got the king Ruler Zig-Zag-Zag Allah
Commonly known to y'all as the RZA
Yo before we go into side two or side B of this double CD
Knahmsayin I want to give y'all a little announcement man
For the last year there's been a lot of music comin out
The shit been weak, knowhatI'msayin?
A lot of niggas trying to take hip-hop
And make that shit R&B, rap and bullshit yaknowhatI'msayin?
Or make that shit funk
Fuck that, this is MCin right here, this is hip-hop
Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang gonna bring it to you in the purest form
I got the GZA on my side, Killah Priest
Sunz of Man, Royal Fam, Killarmy, Gravediggaz, 12 O'Clock
Yo, we want to let y'all niggas know somethin man
To my people all across the world; Japan, Europe -- knowhatI'msayin?
Canada, knowmean -- Austria, Germany, Sweden
Yo, this is true hip-hop you listenin to right here
In the pure form, this ain't no R&B with a wack nigga takin the loop
Be loopin that shit thinkin it's gonna be the sound of the culture
YaknowhatI'msayin? (That player bullshit)
YaknowhatI'msayin? All that player dressin up
On this shit, actin like this some kind of fashion show man
YaknowhatI'msayin? This is hip-hop right here
YaknowhatI'msayin? This is lyrics, MCin
And yo, to y'all niggas who think you going to become an MC overnight
YaknowhatI'msayin? Better snap out that fuckin dream
Man it takes years for this you Cat in the Hat ass rappers
You Dr. Seuss, Mother Goose, simple minded
(Stop runnin up on niggas with all that wack shit)
Word up man (talking bout "you MC")
You ain't no MC; niggas ain't made for this yaknowhatI'msayin?
This shit was Only Built 4 Cuban Linx -- we told y'all niggas back then
And then everybody wanted to change their motherfuckin name
YaknowhatI'msayin? We come out with a style
Now everybody wanna imitate our style and all you producers out there
YaknowhatI'msayin? It's all good to show love to a nigga
But stop bitin my shit, yaknowhatI'msayin?
Come from your own heart with this shit
And all y'all MC's, stop biting from my niggas
We told ya'll niggas on the fucking Cuban Linx album
Don't bite our shit, y'all niggas keep biting
Yo, I'm going to tell y'all something man
It's time for the Wu revolution right here
To all my niggas across the world
Raise your motherfucking fist in the air
And get ready for the Triumph
Cause the Gods is here to take over this shit
Word up, peaceYou might also like1Embed
Hang glide for my nigga Tical
Yo, word to God we run this whole shit son (no doubt)
Right that's my word
Guaranteed you're dealing with the invincible (no doubt)
(I'm specialized in swordsmanship)
That's my word, Persian Legacy one time, one time
That's the science of the black man
Stationary niggas, have fun on this right here
Yo Shorty cross your arms
Gonna rock niggas to sleep this year (throw your leather up)

Blade thrower, sword swinger, Killa Bee ringer
Rocky road roll dark greener
Cream fademas, name your God-U Kareema
Shout out Medina, federaloes Noxzema
Me, jewelery cleaner Million Man March screamers
Ray Catena, cut your joint Wolverine
The Longines, wrapped around the wrist, law seen her
How I got that yo, threw out the macker named Gina
Bust a shot, seen her, it richocheted, tapped Tina
Now I'm out, lamping in Korea with Talima
We moseyin, sweatsuit Adidas, best believe
I got the black heater little joint, probably Moschino
Yo Bobby Robby what up, Max tried to follow me
Sadaam lounging, clean up collect, like the laundry
It's time yo swerve like the Nike line
Windbreaker Laker throw a jump shot scrape her
Statuary yo floating that snatch-uary
Aiyo, blow a hole in your limo, weed pass the Dutch
You might also like
Yo this is MC wizardry, Killa Bee invasion
Men of respect blessed with wisdom of the ancients
My words are blatant, lacerate necks for statements
I launch like lead projectiles straight out the basement
I suplex your rep, left ruined like the Aztecs
Parasites double edge dice your larynx
My Hip-Hop is quarantined locked inside the detox
Under key lock, it's like b-block and E-Glocks
You're ill, your trail ends, thoughts are frail
I strike the cypher and let one survive to tell the tale
Of my state of grace, I raise the stakes on snakes
Knock 'em off like the big eights for takin up space
Never did fear 'em, stick 'em with the truth serum
Who sent 'em, arrest 'em before my charge is ended
Designated hitter flows split the transistor
Kinetic globes light when it shine, burns your retina
Urban journal, plus eternal broadcaster
Before and after, I be Self Lord And Master

I be the Ironside, get touched, with the chloride
Take walk with the Nine-Finger bandits worldwide
Shaolin hillside, full of homicides
Fuck you dissatisfied the double dyed black brown iodine
Yo, box talk sequence, powerhouse kick out
Eyes dusty, wet, butt-naked with my dick out
I'm direct, golden best, golden chest is blessed
Scarce chapter, snatch a batch of Winterfresh
It sound farfetched, mountain men that be rich
You get buckshot, dummy-clapped, mummy-wrapped and stitched
The Jeffrey Dahmer Notre Dame-r sing the song the strongest
Brute force bullet hole straight through your chorus
Shank you with the think tank, harmony cake cut
A can of ass-whoopin', Flurry shake break, you fucks
Struck, love crooks, waffle iron hooks
Chef cocaine cook, a marvellous book
This deathbed doctrine, paper for the youth
What remains, a saber-toothed tiger in the booth

Last night, I took a trip down to Crown Heights
Fast life, females are trife, stay tight
I detect that parasite, satellite
RZA beat makes me wanna fight, get hyped
Come to do shows my slang sound write secretary type
Backflip on the mic, I'm the poor black man
Working hard for the grand, I understand clear
Don't fear, peep my new gear it's different from yours
My style drop like drawers, you see me on tours
Don't you wait to say peace, the kid from the street
Put my technology on the track, just then the core attack
Wu article, Cappa, five, CD attack
But my talk stage live killa beehive
Bermuda my life angle, rectangle gold fronts
Bring the gold bangle, never make me throw darts
Check out my arts, when I release my smarts
Hot like Pop Tarts, aim me at the charts
Dom P: It's gonna stay here. Let you use me
Woman: Yo relax, now just relax for real
Relax, you all tensed up
Act like a motherfucker ready to cut your throat or some shit
Dom P: Nah I'm not gonna let happen
You smell good and all that too man
What you got on?
Woman: Victoria's Secret
Dom P: That's how you get down?
You always do me right, man
A-yo, go down a little bit
Woman: down?
Dom P: Yeah, get down, do it lower
Yeah, yeah, yeah around there damn man
Woman: Your ass is tense
Dom P: I know
Shit-shit is real for a nigga right now, know what I mean?
I'm telling my niggas man
Nobody be doing me like shorty
Every time I go over to shorty lab
She cook me something know what I mean?
Treat a nigga right
Rub me down with that Coco lotion
You doing me right
You doing me right, right now
I'm telling you
Woman: You home nigga
Dom P: Yo, he Shampoo for a nigga right there7Embed

Yo, word, yo, yo

Aiyo, I roll like a Bat out of Hell
Evil acapell's fly, spittin' out of my grill
Before I hit the sky with springtime colors, juicy as a Sunkist
Certain broads double Dutch this, they carve it in they wrist
Pillsbury blazes, straightening combs left on the stove
Crumbs in my lady hair, plus yours, the look gold
God, the old chain and ball technique
Got these vegetable lasagna niggas in they whips, jumpin' out they seats
18 Bronzemen Pt. II
We like Dorothy Hamill on ice — we in your hood, we might circle
Hats down low in the Range, switch lanes
Change my tire, peel out, real loud on the stage, yo
I shitted on your hood, kid! I shitted on your hood
Got to your burner too late, I'm lookin' real good
Draped out, shinin' like a fresh 50 cent piece
"Yo, girlfriend, come here, oh shit! You my man's niece!"
The gourmet pocket twenty, bombs made of clay
Sexcapades take place, we fuckin' 48 shades
Might walk up in your studio time, slap your engineer
Lighter fluid to DAT style, hand me the matches now
You might also like
Aiyo, rainbow Rollie on the wrist, now watch this
Niggas bless this, eight and a half, Bally banana twist
E shakes, puffin' on lye, feedin' the seed's plate
Pullin' out old .38's to rob gates
Major wake up, the kid tell-tales, make a nigga head wake up
Beats break, the nigga whipped, take off his time
Honolulu status, gladdest, the rich rock cabbage
And dollar vans grands, that nigga mad savage
Stationary Hall of Justice, niggas came clumped out
Just came home, now they bunked out
Money be longer than triple life 'til the Sun burn out
That's my word, move it with the burner out
Fidel way of thinkin', roll with the Mac bent
Ac-10, most of my team — Five Percent
Check what the live said, rollin' with Guess vests pedestrians
Yo, holdin' my nuts, fuckin' thousand dollar lesbians

Yo, the Older God put me on to how to rock this
Maintain 360 Lord and live prosperous
It only takes a lesson a day, just to analyze life
One time in the respectable mind
Yo, the Older God put me on to how to rock this
Maintain 360 Lord and live prosperous
It only takes a lesson a day, just to analyze life
One time in the respectable mind
Let the shot spark soon as his pit bull barks
Tire scars from skid marks leaves from jams in school parks
Witness forget his original statement
Even in protection programs, there's no escapement
Gunned down, three in town, hit king from seven crowns
Spent rounds, catch him while he rhyme in the Zebra Lounge
Wounded back in the '83 summer heat
Up in 3-0-9 park, rhymin' off the drummer's beat
I stalked the city streets, demonstratin' mic wrecks
All lookin' stank, I ain't playin' with a full deck
And as they nervously stare, I know they scared
They saw the comin' of Wu in neon in Times Square
Household name, assassin, Killa Bee
Mill to the grain that posses the Wu trilogy
Quick to spot those that bite, camouflage and blend
Those that got styles, they got identical twins
Don't stress the small thing, copycats are finicky
Without skills, they master the art of mimicry
But I go line for line on the whole page
Your unspotted life on the mic is old age6Embed
Peace, God (Peace to the gods)
How you, God? (Studying 120 right now
Call me back at the God Hour)

The Fuck? It's just the new way of thinking
Light up the broccoli, kid
Throw the relish in my back pocket
Keep your eyes open, push your seat back, just flow
That's how we doing it

Bound by honor, sword take over the set
Rap from here to Quebec
Throw up the TEC, crash your intellect, select a vet
Swimsuit mammal handle, yo, every fly vandal go to project
Slam you like Hamill's Whitewater Scandal
Wally sandal just a sample, my niggas fertilize thoughts
Yo, mad support, drink a quart then vamp
One nasty can blew
My pen sterile, won't perform if I'm not lampable
Asking my man'll get you slapped down, play the anthem
Lit it, who with it? Champagne get it, that's the ticket
Silent nines sounding like crickets, snatch your worker’s shipment
Pull her hair, long dick it, we talk right before we left lifted
Just like a long sleeve, guess who ripped it?
You might also like
Projects (My niggas survive, just like a moving target)
Projects (Where niggas live and some sell garbage, that's)
Projects (Try to escape the flying shells, dodging)
New York projects (I'm living large, yo, stop miraging)

Sign of the times, conspiracy to overthrow the mind
Behind every fortune there's a crime
This technique is TEC-9
Blast at any close encounter of the third kind
This be the evil that man do, we dismantle any adversary
Them niggas all thumbs and can't handle my flurry
Hear me, you jam on, you want to scare me
Don't even kid me, shit in my coat aiming at your kidney
Pressure, red hot like chilli pepper
Black 'n Decker hardware, avoid the leper
Five o'clock shadowboxer, hold down the sector
Bet your bottom dollar lecture be hard to swallow
007 mark the secret agent
That macks well and gets smart through entertainment
Welcome to the killing fields with Johnny Dangerous
Headbanger boogie niggas going through changes

Projects (My niggas survive, just like a moving target)
Projects (Where niggas live and some sell garbage, that's)
Projects (Try to escape the flying shells, dodging)
New York projects (I'm living large yo, stop miraging)
Suck my dick, it's the kid with the fat knob
I bust all into your face, plus it come in globs
Quick, get on your knees
With your sweet pussy, let it breathe
Two fingers is all in your hole, think I can fit three
Your pink lips, spreaded and shit, let me throw my dick in
Grab my shit and place it gently on your clit
Ping-pong pussy, wide world the womb
Titties sagging, stomach on some shriveled up prune shit
Too much air in your pussy
You screaming that it's talking to you, daddy
Fart's breathing out your lips, splashing my dick badly
Use vinegar to try to tighten up your ginger
Almighty dick ran in with a cape, some call him engine
Lightning rod bob, black candy cane attached to God
Thick like a Great Adventure cigar, in your garage
Pregnant pussy have you fall out, like Remy on the house
Watch the teeth for slobbing my shit, you bit it on the couch
Dry pussy lead to friction burns, plus beef I hone
The condom broke
Bitch, you got AIDS, I'm shaking in my bones4Embed
It's Wu motherfuckers, Wu-Tang motherfuckers
It's Wu motherfuckers, a Wu-Tang motherfuckers
It's Wu motherfuckers, a Wu-Tang motherfuckers
It's Wu

Reunited, double LP, world excited
Struck a match to the underground, industry ignited
From metaphorical parables to fertilize the Earth
Wicked niggas come, try to burglarize the turf
Scatting off soft-ass beats them niggas rap happily
Tragically, that style deteriorate rapidly
Uncompleted missions, throwing your best known compositions
You couldn't add it up if you mastered addition
Where I come from, getting visuals is habitual
You're more safe walking on hot coals in rituals
I splash the paint on the wall, formed a mural
He took a look, saw the manifestation of it was plural
Rhyming while impaired, dart hit your garment
Pierced your internal streamlined compartments
Just consider the unparalleled advantage
Of a natural disaster that's impossible to manage

Bitchass niggas counterfeit the funk
I smoke the bead of the skunk, tree top of the trunk
Moonshine drunken monk, your head get shrunk
Your treasure sunk, I be fucking bitches by the chunk
My name black, you worms wanna play in my dirt
Bitch stop, my Momma serve free lunch from the church
I cum like a thousand doves
Bitch you quiet at the bus, making no fuss, I got self love
Unglove the noose, watch a nigga transfuse
Dirty add to the fuse, heavy at the booze
I don't walk, I get carried
Gold and platinum Frisbees on my wall, looking properly
But comely, I U.F.O. you Wright Brothers
The Indian that sold Manhattan to the white man
My grandfather, step up and get knocked right the fuck out
Come to the cook-out, dirty bitch at the mouth
You scared, run around like the plane about to crash
You might also like
Wu-Tang motherfuckers
Wu-Tang motherfuckers
Yeah and RZA

Yo, yo The Riddler, funny bone tickler, freak Caligula
Bigger dick sex enigma, pistil fertilize your stigma
Stinkbox order from Pink Dot
MCs get stuck on ink blots, AirSound plug to the sinkbox
Wu-Tang Incorp. take your brain on spacewarp
Talk strange like Björk, great hero Jim Thorpe
How can I put it, life is like video footage
Hard to edit, directors, that never understood it
Too impulsive, my deadly corrosive dosage
Attack when you least notice through explosive postage
I don't play, the rap souffle sauté for the day
Ruler Zig-Zag-Zig A Leg Leg Arm Head
Spread like plague, we drink Hennessy by the keg
I got the golden egg plus the goose
Eighty proof Absolut mixed with cranberry fruit juice
Ginseng root, I got your neck in a noose
Keep my money wrinkled, the rap star twinkle killer instinct
Sixteen bar nickel sell more copies than Kinko
Grow like a fetus with no hands and feet to complete us
And we return like Jesus when the whole world need us
Is it appetite for destruction?
Slap a murder rap on this production
I touch something, trust nothing
Iron Lung/Twisted Metal
I see 'em ducking my dart gun, busting from every angle
Worldwide total carnage, the sickest flow
That be codenamed Agent Orange, killing you slow
It's only right you pay homage
To those that's 'bout to blow like that shit up your nose
Solid as a rock when I strike target
Verbal be screaming on you like a drill sergeant
Herbals got me where I wanna be right now
Don't know the time
Check the hour on your sundial, watch me shine
Drunk off of cheap wine
Each line be on point when I speak mine
On behalf of my crew, SUUUUUUUUUUU, Enter the Wu
36 more deadly Chambers to take you through

It's Wu motherfuckers
Wu-Tang motherfuckers
It's Wu motherfuckers
Wu-Tang motherfuckers
It's Wu motherfuckers
Wu-Tang motherfuckers
It's Wu motherfuckers
Wu-Tang motherfuckers
It's Wu motherfuckers
Wu-Tang motherfuckers
It's Wu motherfuckers
Wu-Tang motherfuckers
 Oh yeahhhh, ahhh, aiyy yeahh yeahhhahh aiii
 And RZA...
16Embed
I despise your killing and raping
You're despicable (Are you my judge?)
It's just you should be punished
I'm gonna chop off your arm, so are you ready?

Check these high hats sling tings movin' through the rubbish
Party robust, rec room style for you brothers
Time's tickin', erupt misconduct
Enterin' one funk before the drum dry up
Dial, style, jab vocab slow
Alphabet run, construction voice might blow
Tap dance swellin', Hemingway novel model
For a breather, dirty reefer hide your bottle
Cut down, come with somethin' that's round and profound
Blood brothers, people of colors, we get down
Watch this fly, force feed things bein' said
Nine Diagram acid black evil red leathers
Mic half a dangle, serious a man
My mic clapper death wish, everlastin' plan
Heavenly God body, know me as the cleaner
Night champion, old villain style seamer
Kiss a spider, Seagal saga why bother
Godfather talk drama, fly swatters
You might also like
Number two, Chao San Poi

This Wu shit be hard to kill at full blown
Rhymes filtered through the net before words hit the chrome
Pro tools editin' tracks that's rough
'Cause a jam without a live MC isn't enough
So we attack this, and grab all within reach
Throw a scrap back to niggas, perfect your own speech
Shit is copper, it ain't worth the mic stands
Used by backup singers in Atlantic City bands
Niggas look on and get hooked on this mic line
Reeled in and shipped through the pipeline
LPs delivered with style and potential
Niggas flowin' smoothly in a sequential order
Revealin' hidden tape recorders
Stashed inside pockets of those who lack aura

Twist the DAC up, them niggas with math is back up
Watch he act up, fifty-two block track we slap up
Playground maneuver, jet to Vancouver like this
Two Kahluas, one chick, she's German Luger
Get the shit on
Light a fresh pack, bust it open with the seal on, dunn
Deal on this, with the real on
Necks rocky ring, call it the Decatur
Slang souffléer, home decorater, player
Mic immigrants, nine of us formed resemblance
Somethin' flashy, God dead-armed is nasty
Peep the ornaments enough to make Shorty-Wop stare at me yo
He killed the God, might as well throw a chair at me
Yo, MC's wonder what's hip-hop thunder?
Tell you the truth, it's just one nation under a groove
Gettin' down for the funk of it
Like Fred Sanford in the biz...
Yo, inhale this paraphernalia, a Wu memorabilia
Melba the fortune teller, tried to tell ya
'Bout the group recruit, we scoop up CREAM like Breyer's
Then spread across the globe like telephone wires
Thirty-six assorted, Shaolin imported chambers been recorded
You're fuckin' with the loops, time for royalty audit
Fabulous establishment metabolism, Blackfoot Indian
Cherokee started out smaller than amphibian
Then grew to a physical body with five meridians
As the pendulum swings closer to the millennium 2000
Wickedness is spread amongst my citizen
I gotta muscle the industrial to make a hustle
And politic with Lyor and Russell
When niggas is still rush in and brush you

He's a womanizer, but he's an expert at throwing knives

Thoughts are contained in the trenches of the brain
Ignite, blowin' the mic to Arabian heights
As I recite this medley, niggas couldn't fuck with the
Deadly ground I hold down
Classical gangland style, shots hit the ceilin'
Panic and confusion echoes through the building
Continuin' to build, I strive for perfection
Driven by the will to live, Glocks I hold
Shots I give, while searchers of rescue teams
Look for means of survival and who's liable
For this harrowin' experience
You scream for the extreme
Fiend for the capo regimes of the Wu-Tang Academy
To fuck up your anatomy with assault and battery
Number two, Chao San Poi
Number two, Chao San Poi
He's a womanizer, but he's an expert at throwing knives
Number one, Yen Chang Wa
He's an adulterer, don't trust him
Number two, Chao San Poi
Number two, Chao San Poi
He's a womanizer, but he's an expert at throwing knives
I despise your killing, and raping
You're... despicable
Are you, my judge?
It's just... you should be punished
I'm going to chop off your arm, so are you ready?
I despise your killing, and raping
You're... despicable
Are you, my judge?
It's just... you should be punished
I'm going to chop off your arm, so are you ready?3Embed
(You my Dirty whore, you that Dirty whore)
What else you gonna do to it?
But bust it, bust it though, baby, bust it
Who else, who else is gonna do it?
This is dedicated to all you bitches

Knew this bitch named Trash, she had a hella fine ass
Can't ask, threw my hoe in the past
Niggarette gave me gonorrhea
Pussy dick to the tippy-toe like ballerina
Boy, you should've seen her
She had a baby face creamer Purinas, called up talkin' Tina
I put my dick in her womb
She blew my head like a balloon, I had her walkin' on the Moon

Yo, I seen you at the five and dime wastin' your time
Oh, you shine, I'm lookin' at your ass from behind
You walked by smellin' like watermelon
You might make me a felon, my eyeballs swellin'
My nuts start yellin'
Excuse my prick, wanna have a talk with you
I'm sick, my medicine is can I walk with you
Fantasy, after that we can cheat
Laid on the bed, handcuffed with hard meat
Long stroke smackin', smack it then broke
Nothin' can't stop my continuous poke
Compound, porno flick music
Daddy Kane with it when I wrote it
You might also like
Dirt Dog be bouncin' on bitches like frog
I pollute the air up like smog, bitch
I'm up my Jacuzzi, peepin' this smoothie
My bitch is a floozy
Dirt Dog ain't choosy, pussy move me
Pretty black dick up in the booty, I like it muddy and swampy
By now, you find your ass up shitty creeky
Don't got no fuckin' room, me and my momma in my teepee
Blackberry squeeze, bitch, you a tease
Titties small, I got used to the squeeze
Fuck that shit, I'm through with this bitch
Old hen please can't get a bank of these welfare cheese
Now I'mma blow fifty G's overseas
I'm doin' the breeze in my 850

Suicidal, she been in more hotels than bibles
Idol worshiping bitch wasn't the type to make bridle
Strung on how the bitch maneuvered her tongue
From the top of his dick to the bottom of his ass split
I told the God to jet quick, this wicked bitch was a harlot
But had him trapped up inside the Charlotte Web
She wasn't choosy, fucked for a movie and a loose leaf cigarette
Pussy stay wet and juicy like lemons, big ass in tight denim
Had the most faithful niggas sinnin' against their women
And enjoyed to watch relationships get destroyed
This unemployed welfare bitch was non-void
And shameless, her attitude was blameless
Even though she had a hundred dicks on her name list
Her obsession caused niggas to get the ass cheek injection
The bitched lied, said she had Urinary Tract Infection
I tried to warn 'em and bomb 'em, but she conned 'em
Wanted niggas to fuck her raw dog without no condom
*Woman moans* Oooooh, ahahhh, ohh

You people are all trying to achieve the impossible
That's exactly what we've done
But you'll fail and you'll all die
If we die, the next generation will fight them too
And the one after them for as long as they must
And eventually we shall succeed2Embed
Hard days of work
You had a hard day at work baby
I want you to sit down, relax
While I soak you in my mentals
Back-rub style, watch this, yo, yo

Massage, peppermint oil, shampoo and pears
Cinnamon, aloe, natural for you hair
Soak lavender soap, coconut conditioning
Honey lather, blood flowing, love listening
Motion lotion, breeze, over the ocean
Lovers, bath crystals, lovers sponge scrubbers
Hot milk bath, steam shower rubbin
Diesel splash, long lovin in your oven
Bake it off, break it off 'til it gets soft
Passion fruit, pussy cat, want to touch it off
In and out, fragrance patience, Hershey's Kisses, Guinness Stout
Stress reliever soak your feet, air them out
Brain message, think about pink
Stress relieving, no dishes in the sink
Upper lower, left, right, neck don't play
Back rub, Calgon, take me away
Waterfall beads, streams, plush and lavish
Comfort me through all the damn madness
Night breeze at sea, sipping tea
You and your queen melodies, and trees, 85 degrees
Jet skis breeze...
Sprinkle water on chocolate, butter scotch flowers
Vapor action, tropical sunshower
Baby powder, relax, feel for an hour
Sand suntan, snuggled up snug
Snowey days, fireplace, oriental rug
Thugs, lay on the couch, pull it out, perfect balance
Chemical stimuli, two tokes off the chalace
Complete silence, what surround us
Whats the finest, wrapped in cold sheets
Vanilla apple heat, flutes play jazz music, puffy pillow suites
Breakfast in bed, early morning sun treats
Sunset level, suprise sunrise, sail
Lay on the couch, while I clip your toenails
Dreams of peaches and cream steam secret spells
Soft spoken gospel, Barry White acapell
Violin, good medicine, sound swell
Sunshine life, love right without the hell
Taste sugar, quiet storm, seasick
Slowdance drink, like nights over Egypt
Having, stabbing, calm chilling now we rolling
Company, ice cream licking now we holding
Gentle force, warm tingle of the golden
Open loose, ice cubes, kiss your belly
Alcohol, palm trees, peanut butter jelly
Almond twirl, fantastic melodies
Soon, taste these spoons
Wiping me with toon, fly wine, quiet storm
Now it's high noon, raspberry spices
Cherry breath, drink from the mountain, sip the very best
Sounds of the shore, every winter is a war
Paradise life, recipe now pour
Musicness, model, gentle mental
Wash away your sorrow, Fantasy Island
Put the message in the bottle
Carry you through, the threshold, do my duty
Happy ending, go to rest Sleeping Beauty
You might also like
Yo, this is that body shop shit
Love love slam
Edible underwear, champagne, bubble bath
Heavy smack on that ass like that
Know what I mean?
Massaging these melodies
Put that gangsta shit on the shelf
Blow winds, blow, through your hair
Sea breeze sticks and shit
Right right

When you're around boo
Come and chop this mother fucking beat you stank-ass trick2Embed
Yo... this song is...
Aiyyo Dunn this song is called Sunshower
Cause we approachin the final hour
You know I ahh all I can say to my brothers and sisters right now
Is stay close to your families, and all your loved ones
Cause this globe is about to explode with hatred
They killin for pennies, knahmsayin?
Peace to the Gods, we got a heavy job... yo, yo

Trouble follows behind a wicked mind, 20/20 vision
Of the prism of light but still blind
Because you lack the inner, every sinner
Will end up in the everlastin winter of hellfire
Throw on this mix just picks your third eye out
You cry out your words fly out, and sounds die out
You remain unheard, sufferin eternally, internal external
Along with your wicked fraternal from generals to colonels
Releasin thermonuclear heat that burns you firmly
And permanently upon this journey
Through the journal of the book of life
Those who took a life without justice
Will become just ice ice ice
It's been taught that your worst enemy couldn't harm you
As much as your own wicked thoughts
What devils fought we wrought, and let's annoint
Now you're bein persecuted by that universal court court court
Iron hell with the strong blend of rape and blend of sandal
With rose petals and jasmine, as men use talismans
Burn some incense, chantin witchcraft to reach high dimensions
I'm convinced, Allah is God always has been always will be
You could travel every square inch of the planet Earth and still be
Ninety-three million miles away from the sun
Til you realize you and the sun is one, like the knowledge
Know the ledge to where your heart is
Or fall off into the internal hell that's uncharted
Light travels at the rate of 186,000 miles per second
Through time and space, until it reach a target
And once we're freed of darkness, and show em where the path
From which the Red Sea was parted, into these straight
At the narrow gate, but wide is the road to destruction and hate
What you thought life was a sport? A game?
One hundred years short, know the soul is immortal
Walk through many portals, and those who go astray
Will pay a judgment day, and these few years of wicked bullshit
Ain't worth the eternity inside a sulfur lake
With dragons and snakes, and any pain you can imaginate
Instead, I chose to become a newlywed to the true bread
Of life and fed God Degree of light to my head
It's been said, the fool who sleep is already dead, so I stay awake
And take care of my brother, and uncover reveal the skin
So we can see each other, cause every color
That makes the light appear duller, who's the colored man?
Who's the original, who's the biochemical
Who's the grafted digital, digital, digital, digital
Digital.. yo, yo, yo, yo, yo
You might also like
Two hundred thousand million atmosphere cubic feet of air we breath
While niggas minds are trapped twenty thousand fathoms beneath
The sea of reality, they can't inhale deep, devils have em
Stagnant, a trapping, the .45 magnum
And shatter bone fragments
Cops love the block you gettin backed up by Dragnet
Thrown into a six by eight steel cabinet
Liftin weights readin ancient tablets, back on the block nobody's havin it
Those who haven't learnt get returned
You freaky ass niggas get burned
Some walk around like they ain't concerned
With the hell goin on inside the world
Why do grown men molest little girls?
Is it because the girl's breast has swelled
To the size of a woman, although she's twelve
The whole world is sick, sick, sick
Trapped up in six, six, six
I started off as a pawn in this marathon of life
Tryin to carry on, wishin I had a bomb to blow up Babylon
A vagabond, tryin to steal sportswear from Paragon
Goin in circles, like a ferris wheel
Undernourished meals I cherish hope, drown inside the sea of life
Use my third eye for a periscope, and take flight to the edge of night
To far heights so dark that even wit a bright light
You couldn't see a spark of light
While others play ball, I recall, me and GZA, Dirty
Hangin in halls, bangin on walls
Kickin rhymes three hours straight with no pause
Boostin from Freeport sunrise to Amityville morgue
Kept razorblade between the jaws, breakin all laws
Started out writin fables to makin beats on lunchroom tables
To wearin long cables that hung down to the navel
So pack some crack and fat sacks of skunk
To funnel the P-Funk, smokin woolie blunts
Dust cocktails and primos, shot more dice than casinos
Back when Wu-Gambinos were called F.O.I. MC's
All and Together Now Crew B.C.C
REC Posse, G.P., D.M.D
Ol' Dirty stalked East New York, GZA maintained Franklin Lane
I was going to Thomas the Jeff, where students got slain
Old Earth got nervous walked me to Shaolin sent me to Curtis
Took share time in Marquis, U-God general contractin service
While Meth Chef and Deck was off the New Dorp
For white boys who took steroids
Buildin up bicep tricep pectoids and deltoids
Back when our girlfriends was virgins
Cuttin class with Ghost tryin to bag hoes in Murry Bergtraum
A Maybeldine beacon night school Washington Irving
These young Gods was seekin
Hoes in Westinghouse and Clara Barton and Medina
Girls who sung like Sarafina
On the corner of Belmont and Picket Avenue I seen her
As if I dreamed her
I was dead broke, now I will use key notes to make G-notes
So it's always hope
See subway train run through the city like blood through the veins
To the heart of Medina, but Shaolin is the brain
So take heed to these words
And feel the power of the Sunshower
Approachin the final hour
Power equality, Allah Cees everything
Let's come together under the wings
And take flight, Wu-Tang, the saga, Rzarecta
In your sector5Embed
That's black? Whattup God?
Aiyyo Shorty got beef with that nigga? Word?
{​*blam, blam blam*}​ Oh shit!!! Yo!
Hold the fuck up

Aiyyo yo, eight niggas down (just enough)
Fuckin around with my sound (ci-ty)
Yo, bring backup (ci-ty)
Fuckin with me, and mine
Murderous, check it, yo

The world is shifty, we living just enough for the city
The rough witty Killa Bee sting just like the jiggy
My Family Stone, foes attempt to gradually clone
Labelled MIA and I send the casualties home
In closed coffins, Wu storming like the light brigade
Ride the wave like Frankie Avalon inside the cyber age
Crime pays, the law's long arm be tryna strong arm
Walking time-bombs that thrive on firearms
The charm smoker, I hit the dread with a poster
We told 'em to show him love and exposed the black toaster
Composer was shook, I took your bad looks for joke
Get your back broke, deep throat this Murder, I Wrote
The antidote be seeking like a buried treasure
By every measure lethally inject your whole sector
Wanted Dead or Alive, Rebel I escapes
Across the desert sand, leaving no footprints to trace
Keep a war face, your place conceal the baby knives
On the North breaks, I still shine in shady times
You might also like
We living just enough (living just enough)
Just enough for the city (for the city)
Just enough for the city

In the jungle, I make moves like Iron Monkey
Plots to bump me off, GOVT on the hunt for me
We stay hungry for money drugs and guns
Ones who fake get caught in the crossfire for crumbs
Know the science be my guidance
The facts tell, gats sell like sex and violence
And break the project silence, a vision
This is way beyond four corners, escape this mental prison
Before we're all goners, now embrace the world
Before the World War explosive bomber, visionary soldier karma
My code of honor, mind still scarred from the drama
Trauma sent to victim, witness them run, scream in horror
Military chopper come gun down the slum
The outcome do or die son, it's bound to come
Mentally aware I see truth within the square
The future's here catch me on computer software
Warfare's inevitable, Rebel I hold several government official
Issue .38 specials, that step through
Like Nat Turner create a spectacle
I may die in the scuffle but I'm taking 40 devils
We livin just enough
Just enough
Just enough
For the ci-ty

Killa Beez, stinging MCs
Yeahhh, Wu4Embed
The Wu-Tang Clan will rise again
There are many of us, all working for the good of the Wu-Tang
Die

So get your egg crashed by my Hellz Wind Staff
While the pictures broadcast and splash to tell the news
Like Katie Chung, how the bullet collapsed his lung
His father watched in horror as he swallowed his tongue
Another youth dead before the age of 21
Left his son to grow in the ghettos of the slums
Where the shots echo for twisted metal for cash flow
React slow, nigga, and get P.L.O
By the lone gunner who took revenge for his brother
Who got slain last summer by a cocaine runner
A new year is dawnin', new crews is formin'
Rival gangs warrin', blood steadily pourin'
The streets are deep, son, every day is like a rerun
So I reach out and try to teach one
But 85% uncivilized content
No tolerance, so a lifetime is spent
Behind a cage, bent, smoked out and on a park bench
Killer instinct, slave rap niggas get lynched

So, yo! Break that nigga arm fast as a fuck
Tell Ra, Goldie left my beige jacket in his truck
To all you slew-footed penguins
Duckin' from these hot rocks that's flamin'
Chocolate for all you rap Damians
Sprayin' cards, espionage, dodge ball square hard
Strip bars, no bras, wet leotards
In the makin', next album — Blood on Chef Apron
Keep a Gambino PlayStation in your playpen
Discovery Channel, cats the Book of Daniel
Coke blunts hot as a fuck, swatted bamboo
High school dropouts, baseheads get knocked the fuck out!
On the regular for robbin' a good nigga house
Rough cut raw doses, the unexplainable
Hot rock lava, gringo throw the Frusen Gladjé
You might also like
Yo, what you know about this specialist armed dangerous?
Hit you close range with this madness
Unique design shine like a deep dish
The beat kick, technique spit on your weak shit
Yes! The rhythm, the Rebel, alone in my level
Heat it up past the boiling point of metal
Livin' legend, veteran known to set trend
Lethal weapon, step through your section
With the force like Luke Skywalker
Rhyme author, orchestrate mind torture
Live performer, bid the mic sayōnara
Borderline to insane, I rain firewater
Tape recorder, can't be saved by a court order
I got my sword 'cross your throat, you choke

We on the run with the golden guns, get you none
When it reach out and touch someone, blaze they buns
Now I'm guilty by association
Times of blackness eclipsin' the Sun
Target practice commence
When I throw these darts at these rappers
Ricochet, hit the charts, bloody your mattress
Hold me down, Wu bloodkin, I'm goin' in
Shootin' bullets at the top ten, rhyme concoction
Blend like chameleon
All these niggas want cheese, is we mice or men? Word up!
We can go platinum, but then still can't get no satisfaction
Once again, back on the block crumb snatchin', blowin' backs in
Cold-blooded 9 assassins, time for action
Johnny Unitas, handle that like arthritis
Still, hold a golden touch like King Midas
Drownin' problems in Heinekens imported from Holland
Gettin' boosted off of Killa Bee pollen
Stone columns get trapped by drum tracks
Smack loud as gun claps
Pin a crab to death with a thousand thumbtacks
The Wu centerfold, it be's the Wind Ninja scroll
Soul edged blade controls your Interpol
The Fig Newt', fruit from the forbidden tree root
I stay secluded in the Chamber, trainin' new recruits
With Fatal Guillotine, the black hooded team
What it means when bullet screams
From the hot Glock like rock from a sling (Sometimes...)
Pushed through like George Bush Operation: Whoops
Shots get popped on the block, causin' blood to gush
From digital to analogue, the Wu-Wear camouflage
My entourage squad be stompin' through Zanzibar
Like herds of cattle, RZA plays the wall like a shadow
Connectin' Brooklyn/Shaol like the Verrazanno-Narrows

Stash your C.R.E.A.M., though
Iceatollah ice style gleamo
Lex graffiti name Remo
Holdin', we rollin', askin' me, though
Raps is hotter than hot tamales in Toledo
Pussy — that shit she passin' off to me, though
We wax Ajax niggas with a axe, Maxamill
You could crash a mill’, got your back still
Scold 'em and fold 'em like they thousand dollar bills
Sit back, eyein' y'all niggas out
Fakes that delegate, we spittin' fire out
Verb burglar, design a Wally shoe store reserve a jet status
Guyanese bird up on my mattress
Watch me mack this! Ralph Lauren goose incite a fashion
Yo, these hands is flooded and they mad quick
Strong approach like magnets, custom wood crane name
Stylin' rich, résumé the waves and one chain
Feelin' mics like wheelin' a bike
Slide like step on his Klondike, get your dart right
We moving on it like wind breaker niggas get they face broke
Jewelery get snatched
Magazine right on the low, fuck y'all cats! (Sometimes...)6Embed
These things just took over me
Just took over my whole body
So I can't even see no more
I'm calling my Black woman a bitch
I'm calling my peoples all kinds of thing that they not
I'm lost brother, can you help me
Can you help me brother, please

You see what we did, we lost the love
I'm talking bout the love, the love of your own

But brother, but brother, but brother, check this out
I still don't understand man, I'm all high off this shit man

Well, what I'm trying to say my brother
Why, why do we kill each other?
Look at our children, what kind of a future

This is the training that's gonna be given to you by the Wu
Brothers and sisters
You might also likeThe revolution, the revolution will be televised, televised, televised
It's time to rise, and take our place so we can inherit the universe
The planet Earth belongs to God
This is nineteen-ninety-seven
Every square inch of it that he chose for himself, is the best part
Behind every strong woman you'll find a strong man
And behind every strong man you'll find a strong woman
The universe is not completed without the sun, moon and stars
(Want to be free)
That's man, woman and child
To all you fake-ass niggas who think you gonna survive out here
Without your Black woman, you're wrong
They have attraction powers on the planet
We are original man, the Asiatic Black man
The maker, the author, the cream of the planet Earth
Father of civilization and daughter of the universe
The population was seventeen million, with the two million Indians
Making a total of nineteen million, four billion, four hundred million
All over the planet earth
(Mandela, Mandela)
Arise you Gods, it's the time for the revolutional war
(Malcolm X, Malcolm X)
That's the mental war
That's the battle between God and devil
Take the devil off your plane
Take him off your mental mentality, take him off your brain
Leave all the cigarettes and guns, the alcohol and everything
Thats the mental devil that exists within your body
That's destroying and decaying your mind
The mind controls the body
Everything within must come out
Don't look towards the sky cause there's no heaven above
Don't look down beneath your feet, there's no hell below
But heaven and hell exist within
Heaven is what you make it and hell is what you go through
There is only one God
There is a whole new one, faith
There is a only one
One revolution yeah

At one time it was told to me
That man came from monkeys
That we were swinging from trees
I hardly can believe that unless I'm dumb, deaf and blind
You ever heard about, the ape man and the ape woman
You have a mankind, that has a beginning to him
And his ending, is about to come

If you take one step, I will take one with you
Through the storm and pain, swim the deepest sea, with you my brother
I know you got to be strong, gotta hold on

Now the story is about to close
It was a hundred percent of us
That came on the slave ships
Eighty five percent of our people was uncivilized
Poison animal eaters
They're slaves of the mental powers
They don't know who the true and living God is
And their origins in the world
So they worship what they know not
And they're easily lead in the wrong direction
Ought to be lead in the right
And now you got the ten percent who are rich slave makers of the poor
Who teach the poor lies that make the people believe
That the all mighty true and living God is a spook in the sky
And you can't see him with the physical eyes
They're also known as blood suckers of the poor
And then you got the five percent
Who are the poor righteous teachers
Who do not believe in the teachings of the ten percent
Who is all wise and know who the true and living god is
And teach that the true and living god is a supreme being black man from Asia
Otherwise known as civilized people
Also Muslims, and Muslim's sons
Peace we out
I have given it much thought
It seems, disaster must come
At best, only postponed
Shaolin Kung-Fu
To survive must now be taught, to more young men
We must expand, get more pupils
So that the knowledge will spread4Embed
Yo, up in the M.G.M. coked up, psych!
Six niggas walked in flashing they gems piece
Aight, one dark-skinned nigga, fifty-six inch rope
Wrapped around twice, smash the Gilligan boat with ice
They threw sign language, ordered hot coffee wit' a danish
Relax, whispered they, "Rap entertainers"
Had Lizzy on, two Japanese birds with furs look good, kid
Laid back, handling hors d'ourves
It's like round three, we too black for BET
You memorize the 1 to 40? I'm at the 19th degree
If a civilized person doesn't perform his duty, what shall be done?
Pardon me, God, that nigga got a gun bulging out his sweatpants
Check out his stance
See the side of his grill? Look like my cousin Lance
Left hand, rocky Guess watch, yo, I think I did his Clarks
He wanted crush bone leather with the strings dark
Now I remember, he from Bear Mountain
He and Mitch Greene shot the fair one near the water fountain
Seventh round, Chavez bleeding from his right ear
Yo, keep your eye on that same nigga from right here
Popcorn spilling all on Liz Claiborne
Ghost had the fly Gucci mocks wit' no socks on
Seen Deion Sanders in the back with the phat fur on
Working them hoes with the fly Wu shirts on
Mixed drink session, dun, pour me some more
Chef leathered down, blinking at Chanté Moore
Tenth round, Chavez tearing 'em down
Sweet Pea, get ya shit off
It's like blacks against the Germans, getting hit off
Smooth and them walked in, Brownsville representing
They sent a bottle over, autograph blessing
Chef, pull out the doo-doo, twist the dank - pink noodles
Yo, about to roll one, matter fact, twist two of those
Yo, they wound up stopping the fight
Steels took a point away from Chavez
Rematch scheduled on October 9th
Rematch scheduled on October 9thYou might also like5Embed
"It's true
The Shaolin and the Wu Tang could be dangerous"

Uh-huh, Mr. Biggs, Trackmasters (Woo!)
It's a Wu-Tang official right here y'know

Yeah, the employees of the year yeah we're back to work
We took time off, while other rappers got jerked
Shit's bout to change now, it's a shame how
Things ain't the same but I'm back in the game now
And as we step in the door, we cause panic
Yep, the usual suspects, we at it
Vet status, y'all went a week with the belt
Few chicks felt your style, now you feelin yourself
Meet your maker, I dropped you at eight years old
I got stock in your flow and crops to sharehold
Crops with the prose where cops won't dare go
Got top centerfolds, too hot to wear clothes
Still me, always have and will be
Ill G. it's silly to hate but feel free
Hey, hear what I say, they gotta pay
And my return is like Christ, declare the holiday
You might also like
Back in the game now, copped me some weight now
My people bout to eat now, shit's bout to change now
Back in the game now, all my niggas in the hood now
Better catch up now, shit's bout to change now

Uh, y'all see I'm in the street strugglin
Young dumb and thuggin, give a fuck about nuttin
Stuck at rock bottom, tryin to come up on somethin
Pumpin from sundown to sun-up, we hustlin
Vision my nigga now get in where you fit in
And see prison, as just the high cost of livin the life
Ante up cause if you blow the dice
On that O-Z, Dorothy ain't goin home tonight
That's on e'rythang, put it on the kids and the wife
Been buryin my folks ever since they raised the price on the coke
Searchin for a quick antidote
Mo' money, mo' problems to cope

We were at the same table when the chips were checked
A gamblin Rebel who Inspects the Deck
Just when you thought we would fold our hand
Against all odds we raised the bet like we changed the plans
It was live on air but in between station breaks
I was holdin a pair and just made the table stakes
Split the demos, put insurance on tapes
A safeguard against the crusaders in capes
If I double down they say the Gods are sharks
If we win against the house they thought the cards was marked
We draw hit after hit from a royal flush menu
While the dealer promoted the full house venue
A spade in the club with the heart to wear diamonds
The high roller who got credit upon signin
They look puzzled when I shuffle, most of 'em stunned by the hustle
Recourse of bluff game's your muscle
Back in the game now, copped me some weight now
My people bout to eat now, shit's bout to change now
Back in the game now, all my niggas in the hood now
Better catch up now, shit's bout to change now

Aiyyo, on rainy days I sit back and count ways on
How to get rich, coolin with a mean ill Jamaican bitch
Banana coat matchin with the ratchet
Lil' black weave sweatpants style, air force is actin
Jump in the 6, kicks look crisp, talkin bout the bird
Flow through your hood in the mean tints that's giant
It's like the family that flipped on you for lyin
Buried you alive, left your whore cryin
We on your floor look more doors
Dey ain't ate either, I hope y'all niggas is armed
And when we get there, all my niggas in the mix
Yeah Shallah Lex, Diamond got me buyin Louis Rich wear

Most people say the Clan was missin since I got dropped offa radio
Overnight your whole style was bitten in the process
Everybody switched they names like
Whatcha call it, any fast 
It was the Gods that repped that, sharkskin dark skinned bitches
Clarks from Digi left the game dizzy
Ooh got busy, that dancey shit slid through
We had to stay hood cause that's who we been through
RZA came through, mastermind got the cash and power
Proof that power plastered divine classical lines
Mathematical rhymes, the style is unbearable
Now niggas with the radical shines
It's Ghost-Deini, every coast need me
We back motherfucker that's right, it's the W.T.C. 
World Trade Center, Wu-Tang Clan
We brought so much heat that we was givin you tans and shit
Back in the game now, copped me some weight now
My people bout to eat now, shit's bout to change now
Back in the game now, all my niggas in the hood now
Better catch up now, shit's bout to change now

"Make a toast to Mr. Te and the Iron Flag brothers"
"Master, who will be our new Iron Flag chief?"4Embed
Woke up this morning
Smoked some sticky green to get me started
Choclate Thai, all in my eye
I'm never broken-hearted
Bang us in ya cars, bang us in ya Jeep
Bang that shit retarded
Bob Digi (Sun Zeini)
P. Sunn (12 O'Clock)
Two On Da Road on this, 12 O'Clock
I love my brother to death that old hip-hop
Catch this! Hot Nix'
You know? Big tits

I love my brother to death, nigga pussy to the rest
Shared a pair of Guess and an Eddie Bauer vest
A bitch named Celeste
I met her when I was goin to cash a Def Jam check
She had some big ass breasts
I had to catch her like a shortstop on the Mets
A nigga high off a dime from Gates and Best
Remember grandmother live on Louis and Lex
I remember Dirt Dog crashed his white Lex
I remember me and Meth won a dice game against Ghost and Deck
Remember Portland had Clyde Drex'
Remember 12 O'Clock is a vet
Big Dogs we put 'em to sleep, keep 'em on a leash
I move like days in a week
Niggas don't know the face and names on my teeth
Niggas carry a chrome piece, and separate the heat
Ain't scared of the motherfuckin' police
You might also like
Guns jammed up, I'm cramed up in my lab
Six niggas, six bitches, two fifths and eight bags
One toilet, three weedheads, an alcoholic
And two niggas hooked on pussy
And in the corner, was this brother who would study his lessons
And learned how operate the Smith and the Wesson
Still cut class and played hookey
Threw freshmens in garbage cans, gave 'em nookies
Rolled the, back of the bus with a gun in his socks
Big forehead, had ears like Spock
He was mightier than a truckload of gats
And bound to make a bitch cum in six minutes flat

What up kid? Stay winnin', seen you look good
You look live in ya linen and you survived ninth innin'
The hood got us off the prop without women
All my niggas that ride that provide to the end of this

Ain't nothin' but the real
Ain't nothin' but the real
Ain't nothin' but the real
Million dollar deals
Rollin' on Chrome Wheels
Ain't nothin but the real
Yeah, uh-huh, yeah
This one's on P. Sunn, word up?
Yeah, uh-huh
We gamble the dice
Remain humble, scramble through the jungle of life
While the we rumble with the foul and trife
Shots fired on the block in threes like Glen Rice
Made men think twice about the sacrifice
Black on white, write it for the world to hear
Write it for my fam who not here who do care
Glance and stare, why when you can't compare?
From the bottom of my feet to the end of my hair
Move rear, cop the blue steel bare, groove to the snare
Bass and drums, see my face in the slums
Pedia Brown, media surround my sound
When you see me in the hood of ya town, respect my sound
Sample with black, criminal, chemical rap
Assemblin hat, laced in a suit from Phat
Two On Da Road, got them bitches screamin', "Who Dat?"
Two with the plaques, two with the gats, it's like that

Woke up this morning
Smoked some sticky green to get me started
Choclate Thai, all in my eye
I'm never broken-hearted
Bang us in ya cars, bang us in ya Jeep
Bang that shit retarded
Two On Da Road, Bobby Digital
Please don't get me started
No, no, no, no, no, no
Live it up, live it up
(Uh-huh)
Oh, no, no, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah
(Bang us in ya Jeeps)
(Shaolin! Bobby Digital, uh-huh)
(Sunn who? Yeah)

Woke up this morning
Smoked some sticky green to get me started
(Haha! Haha! Yeah!)
Choclate Thai, all in my eye
I'm never broken-hearted
(Get this money y'all)
Bang us in ya cars, bang us in ya Jeep
(Get that money y'all)
Bang that shit retarded
(Get that money y'all)
Two on da Road, Bobby Digital
(Shout in pain)
Please don't get me started
(Uh-huh, yeah, weed blazin')
(Cocoa hazin', cocoa hazin')Embed
The nigga had a pair of Air Olden Polynice's on
Oh shit, the nigga had a pair of Air Christian Slater's
Rebel I, slay the max, it's really Digital
Rockin' the latest in, every day comin' at niggas
Rockin' the latest in Ben Stiller-wear
Fuck that, the next big thing, lay this as Hollywood niggas
Now that's a money thing
Yo, yo

I was dashing through the hood
Eighteens with the whip smoke gray
Leavin' skid marks on five-oh
Smokin' all the way (Hahaha)
With my all-star team
Bitches see our shine
Yo, son, we gotta make that cream
Whether raps or nicks and dimes
They call me Rollie, watch me poly with the wide body Dinali
Packed the bad hottie, rocked enough ice to play hockey
I swarm like paparazzi
She popped a wheelie on the candy apple Kawasaki
Everything is sloppy, philosophical for those who copy
I'll probably splash her tonight, don't block me
Sippin' on rum, Bacardi got me toxy
Plus the Cali 'dro holdin' me, I'm 'bout to 'scape like the Roxy
Ever property, Monopoly, big shotti
Snatch the cream, whether in the concert hall or in the lobby
Used to be a hobby, got me duckin' Rudy Giulianni
Like I'm still coppin' big eighths from papi
Follow me, whether Mardi Gras' or house party
It's wild like safari, ain't mean to catch the body
But had 'em wobbly off the first blow, tryin' to knock me
I'm known to pump ya blood like the theme song to Rocky
Kamikaze, might karate lock ya head
Like a natty dread, then pour myself Calarasi
Professionally trained, I aim for your artery
I give the autographs but charge for photography
Not hardly kid, you awkward Godbody
You'se a carbon copy, just started to rock Wally's
Spark the broccoli, spaz off this ghetto opery
Or catch the hot seat, you're batty bwoy without ya posse
Seen
You might also like
Come come come, want more
Without, son, give me the reason
Come come come, want more
Without, son, give me the reason
Come come come, want more
Without, son, give me the reason
Come come come, want more
Without, son, give me the reason

They couldn't get me, watch me move swiftly
Broke the unmarked fifty with this cabby who was a gypsy
He stayed tipsy, said he loved his bills crispy
Drivin' the streets he kept heat on the night, shifty
Quickly, who ring bells like it's twelve on Sunday?
While the stage catch shells from forceful gunplay
Mere fact that the track was a fierce counterattack
All those who couldn't multiply were sent back
No tanks, low rank, soldiers hittin' the heart
Tainted the fabric of an empire, was torn apart
Brought to a halt from a front full assault
The chemist left the lab with undetermined results
They say the swordsman sift electrical volts
The audience go nuts with loose screws and bolts
The archives automatically changed ya stiff vibes
It was layin' in the zip drive from chest five
Come come come, want more
Without, son, give me the reason
Come come come, want more
Without, son, give me the reason
Come come come, want more
Without, son, give me the reason
Come come come, want more
Without, son, give me the reason

"Your faith in Shaolin is courageous
You blind fool we have our teachings to share
Our joy with the people
And there too suffer for them as well"
"You have learned your style well"
"Wu-Tang Style"3Embed
"You will be punished" ("Wu-Tang style")
"For all your evil deeds" ("Wu-Tang style")
"Be warned—you will suffer" ("Wu-Tang style")
"Justice is here!" ("Wu-Tang style")

Slept on this hazardous enterprise
Hit from the back from a long range attack in disguise
Weeks of captivity became months
Those who were holdin' it down now hold a pump
Do we delay the conflict and prolong the suffer?
Got a mass of starvin' niggas wanna eat supper
Unfair corruptions lead to abductions
Creatin' wider circles of destructions
So we attack with the cannon blazing
From the terrifyin' to the fascinating
Quick to slay a narrow minded nigga that's hasty to give credit
Full of hostile overtones mixed with wack edits
They heavily defended airfields
But their bodies rot behind punctured steels
When I greeted you, you didn't hear peace in my voice?
Or that water was my liquid of choice
Forensic couldn't tell it, it was nine tons of steel pellet
Powerful projection, noise is deafening
Carrier battle groups that's threatening
Higher level bombing, plus
The shipment in hand known as alarming, bells ring loud
In the same crucial manner but different style
You might also like
"Wu-Tang style"
"Wu-Tang style"

Ayo once again, all blunts again
Yo the real remain silent, any type of violence I'm in
Allah's helpful most innovative raps
That brought wealth through, shot out the belch too
We holdin', automatic semis with sick lines
Run up, body niggas, break down shoddy niggas
Styles so sharp, state of the art
Greater the mark, flyest creator sprayed layin' darts
Flowin' like water, "Apocalypse Now"
Gun out blaow, wow the shit's wild when you short us
Runnin' through parkin' lots, don't get caught
Let off, bark your shots, we out of here, off the blocks

It ain't all to the good, muh'fuckers hatin' in the hood
Gotta a hundred wolves waitin' in the woods
For the Clan's forthcomin', I'm issuing the game a court summons
And fugitives of rap caught running
Y'all get locked up, everything was wack 'til we popped up
And got it on and poppin' like Orville Reddenbacher
Partner, you ain't got no wins in mi casa
Wu-Tang got ya like every ghetto got a Tasha
Request lines are now open, you see these MCs chokin'
And thinkin', "What's that shit they be smokin'?"
I'm so focused, simple chronic halitosis
Keep my shit funky when I spit this braggadocious
{*hach, spit*} Y'all niggas got some fuckin' nerve
To critic what I write, that's my muh'fucking word
Blah blah blah, like N'Sync
Kiss that ass bye bye bye knahmsayin'? I ain't playin'
Many shall come, few chose to stay exact
Track after track I'm fightin' for survival
Before me I see hills and mountains then sway
The words got 'em moving, the crow is like the ocean
I walk water holdin' y'all suspended with the vocal
What's the total people that came to see the gods?
I gave thought talent, construct my best poetry
Potency, high-level content
Side effect may cause a tec to eject, many places
All ages, streets to cages, split faces
Shoutin' nuff love to the peeps from Miami
We live from Pulaski, it's Fred Glassy

"Wu-Tang style"Embed
"One of these days and it won't be long"
(It won't be long now)
"One of these days and it won't be long"
(You bound to come up)
"One of these days and it won't be long"
(Keep your eyes on us)
"One of these days and it won't be long"
(Yeah, yeah, Deck)

I'm from the home where the buffalo roam
And niggas don't give a flyin' fuck
Talk with signs up, walk with the iron tucked
Leave your eyes wide shut
Money bag's on the table, gots to get my cut
Rebel I city slicker, pick up a pretty sister
Dig her out on the table, bent off the Rémy liquor
Head splitter, deliver so cold I send shivers
For many figures, battle the world or any nigga
I'm uptown Saturday night like Bill Cos'
Got weed in the jars with vanilla cigars
On the strip, eyeballin' the chicks, all in the mix
Gassed off of my shit, vibratin' the whip

"One of these days and it won't be long"
(That's what you call it pa)
"One of these days and it won't be long"
(Chef)
You might also like
Yo I'm sicker than the V12 X5
With cracks in the Rolly jumper all we do is Drink fuckin' Drive
Real niggas raise up, Mommy get your feet off the table
The cable look bare, my man got me one on his ankle
It's nothin' for me to get up with you, Dutch with you
Blow off them matches and sit up with you
Aiyo the streets, what is gettin' more crazy?
Stressin' me never, investin' the leathers, we all into things blazin'
Slingin' coke is just a normal habit, rappers we wear
Straddlers with cannons and hatchets gettin' cheers
Yatzis are fresh off the block, block squeezin', it's real
If we get real, pop pop, poppin' at your blocks equal
Take these niggas and throw 'em in lakes, it's business
Rake these niggas on the mic, display your ninjas
Nines crowns versus your nine towns
Run up with nine 9's, brown down, get to lyin' you down

"One of these days and it (Yo) won't be long"
(That's what you call it pa)
"One of these days and it won't be long"
(Yo, yo)

I come from the slums, I ain't no dummy
My testament talk, represent money
This Verbal Intercourse, fueled by exhaust
The bread winner, head spinner, coldest with the force
No remorse, endorse the rap artist
So flamboyant cos I pimp slap the hardest
Ever since the Triumph we've been missin' them soldiers
We came tonight, boy the mission is cobra, full exposure
Bulldoze through the rubbish, I'm in too deep, boy
I just gotta love this, they call me too sweet
One of the nine brothers, I'm so unique
Every line that smother, the situation's grim
It's a bloody sin cos every time I want out they pull me back in
I see my reflection in the chrome MAC-10
Ask the passer who's faster with the pen
That bullet, nine hollows, amorettos
That's how I like it, sweat on my wine bottles
The automobiles with them shiny assed hubs
The endo pull, with the bathtub club, my angel's in the mud
Veteran smile, that's gangsta shit, that American style
Dig it, prick my prey off
I'm quick to slay with the rapid-fire shit, caught by the ricochet, nigga
"I got to know"
"One of these days and it won't be long"
(That's what you call it pa)
"One of these days and it won't be long"
"One of these days and it won't be long"
(That's what you call it pa)
"One of these days and it won't be long"
"I got to know"
"One of these days and it won't be long"
(That's what you call it pa)
"One of these days and it won't be long"
"I got to know"
"One of these days and it won't be long"
(That's what you call it pa)
"One of these days and it won't be long"
"I got to know"

"One of these days and it won't be long"1Embed
"On your mind"
"On your mind" (Murder one of y'all, niggas)
"On your mind"
"On your mind" (Get to hurtin' one of y'all, niggas)
("The Iron Flag brothers")
"On your mind"
"On your mind" (Bitches, snatch the shirt off one of y'all, niggas)
"On your mind"
"On your mind" (Kick dirt)
("Flag brothers")

Color Glocks splitters just listen there's UFO visitors
Fly paintings remainin', reclinin' pro-comissioner
One boot off he Rudolph, know he hyped flew off
Hibernatin', dead in the makin', ear-rake him, gear-rake him
Technician murderer, Wu hit the universe
Our words is crush, fingers icy slush, ringers wants Mercedes bus
Tip bottles, Movados, sailin' in some Wu goggles you follow
Mail and jail letters, sendin' niggas lottos
What made you murder my flow, what made you rival my clothes
What made you. Fuck it, yo son these niggas gotta owe
I think a lot of flows, I flip exotic hoes
We paintin' pictures if it's was drizzies, seen a lot of those
Gettin fly with Ghost, Power just buy the boats
RZA your vision is exquisite, daddy hide your scrolls
Platonic chronic shows, tonic prose
Off the meter Panasonic know, son line me a ho
You might also like
Devestatin' shockwaves strikin' the nation
Newsflash, warn the people, assassination
The hour of detonation, pure untampered or mixed in any form
In any form mixed untampered it's pure
Dissect each line of the rhyme
Find my ingredients and nutrients
Teach patience and obedience before movement
Killer bee student enrollment
I'm out your control and expose if it's synthetic
Quote these plush degrees as I inject, there's many at risk
Slang therapist Shallah Rae
Bless the people, with magnificent wordplay

(Murder one of y'all niggas)
"On your mind"
"On your mind" (Get to hurtin' one of y'all niggas)
"On your mind"
"On your mind" (Bitches, snatch the shirt off one of y'all, niggas)
("Flag brothers")

Aiyyo you know the half, some get respect, most we show the path
They quoted tracks while we spoke math, blowin' fast
Expose the craft, first picks chosen in the draft
I don't flash, hoes love me 'cause I hold a stash
Known to blast, paramedics couldn't close the gash
Floatin' past in a 'Nail with the oak dash
Show the cash, watch it blow in half, it's no fair
They goin' mad, check their tape recorders and their notepads
Crabs wanna play me close and grab
Can't believe you on the canvas, I'm just throwin' jabs
Where the powers you supposed to have, hand in your soldier rag
You posin' bad, show your ass son, you won't last
With heavy weights that elevate the whole mass
Compose a smash, rollin' grass at Ghost lab
"On your mind" ("Bring you to your new life")
"On your mind" ("Bring you to your new life")
"On your mind" ("Iron Flag")
"On your mind" ("Iron Flag brothers")

"On your mind" ("Bro– bro– brothers")
"On your mind" ("Fla– Fla– Flag brothers")
"On your mind"
"On your mind" ("Iron Flag brothers")4Embed
Two thousand and two! (Lookin' like a tennis player)
Representin' the Wu! (You gangsta nigga?)
Two thousand and two! (You? You isn't!)
Representin' the motherfuckin' Wu! (Stand for it right now)
Two thousand and two!
You know how we do!
For you and your crew!
Representin' the motherfuckin' Wu!

Aiyyo catch me coolin' in Aruba, one sneaker on
Lookin' raw beautiful, a blue Ruger, who you lookin' at?
600 whale, steel color, Brazil love us
Y'all niggas is fake—all y'all do is steal from us
Remember this line, I'm that nigga word to my mother
Slap one of y'all fake ass niggas
Reefer from Egypt daddy we rock magnums
All big niggas heavy on the wrist play diss niggas
Ghost story blow 'em, RZA throw the fork through 'em
Me, Wonder Woman cousin, jewelried out, talk to him
Hammers that bust endlessness, cover terrorism what?
Slide in the 7, measure the whips

It's soul power! (Two thousand and two!)
Soul power! (You know how we do!)
Soul power! (For you and your crew!)
Soul power! (Representin' Wu!)
Soul power! (You know how we do!)
Soul power! (Two thousand and two!)
Soul power! (For you and your crew!)
Soul power! (Representin' Wu!)
You might also like
I'm a dollar and a dream from seein' a brick
In grimy hallways, slingin' nicks and treys
When it's on then it's on and poppin, shots lickin'
I'm spittin' this shit for the hood, Glock clickin'
Tension in the street, we stressed, still wanna eat
I walk through the valley of death, the hotstepper
Holdin' red pepper, everybody on reach
I need a beat to expand, the mind guide the hand
Pen stroke, excellent quotes of literature
Nights over Egypt, black as Arabia
Gundeliro self I savior, I need the (uh)

Soul power! (You know how we do!)
Soul power! (For you and your crew!)
Soul power! (Representin' Wu!)
Soul power! (You know how we do!)
Soul power! (Two thousand and two!)
Soul power! (For you and your crew!)
Soul power! (Representin' Wu!)

Aiyyo, aiyyo, aiyyo, I got the whip smellin' like lemon
Roger Clemens jerseys the man blew seven cold coolies in the Worthy and
I crush those rappers, keep the toast near the rad-iator
We like our guns warm, it's easier to make the papers
Stayed off, the cape came off, Ghost G'd off
The track's like doin' six months and I'mma beat off
At the airport attention always flow in my direction like
You let the best then sparkle his perfection and
Bitches be askin' them, Ghost you got so much shit
You need to cash in, bracelets matchin 'em
Line Cadillacs to blocks, Richard Pryor, Redd Foxx
Jukebox records, flatfooted cops
Get automatic systematic jumpin' in your socks
Mama's apple pie in the park hopscotch
Reunited on the radio, Wu-Tang superb
In the sprinklers girls double-dutchin' on the curb
Sinatra, the pop the Jackson 5 recordings
Uptown Saturday, "Cotton Came to Harlem"
Ringmaster circus was, Bailey and Barnum
Crack a Coca-Cola, summer heat was my boredom
Dr. J before Jordan, Al Green on the organ
When Rerun did the dance, the whole world saw him
The blackout fears, Foxxy Brown, Pam Grier
Ford motor gear, your life and times queer
"Smokey the Bear", Burt Reynolds gray hair
Throw 'em some gems, throw up your fists and say yeah, it's

Soul power! (You know how we do!)
Soul power! (For you and your crew!)
Soul power! (Representin' Wu!)
Soul power! (You know how we do!)
Soul power! (Two thousand and two!)
Soul power! (For you and your crew!)
Soul power! (Representin' Wu!)
I'm the nigga that got you talkin' bout "Fight the Power"
Aiyyo, Flav
Whassup, Meth?
What you know about niggas from Long Island right?
Huh?
True Long Island right?
All my life!
All your life, right?
All my life!
Westbury
Word up, Freeport, Long Island, Roosevelt, Long Island
And, and, an-an-and went through Westbury too!
You from Westbury?
Nah, I got family in Westbury
New Castle Park and them
Oh, stop jokin', I ain't know that! You from Hempstead?
Yo, man, my family from Hempstead!
The Heights, man!
Yeah, and I live
Word up, come on, man
'Race Avenue
Oh, what?
'Race Avenue, Hundred Terrace Avenue
Stop jokin', the El Dorados, nigga what?
I got family up in El Dorados right now, nigga, word!
That's where I'm from, that's my block!
That's my block right there! Aiyyo, ha-ha
That's right y'all, that's right, it's all good
Me and Method Man from the motherfuckin' hood!
So get it from the Bricks to the fuckin' wood!
Yeah, niggas!
Knowhatimean? Word up to the bird up
They caught the bird, made him soup
Now I sip from out my cup, nigga, ha-ha-ha
Oh, yo, man, you just hit me in the head with a brick for real
You got me bleedin' from the side of the head, Meth (*Mumbling*)
You're a beautiful fuckin' person
Yo, Meth
Yo, Meth
Yo, check one-two
Without me havin' my finger in the plug
I'm gettin' shocked anyway, ha-ha-ha

"Since you're all so skilled
Let's fight your way—Shaolin style
Come on!"2Embed

"The story your about to see
Occurred along the main trading route
On the border between the North and South
At a small outpost called Red Clay Village"

What the fuck y'all, niggas, thought, huh, what you thinkin', bitch?
Are you stupid, son? Must be stupid kid
What the fuck is wrong? It's the Wu, bitch
Ain't got a clue, bitch, tie your shoe, bitch
Get the fuck back 'fore we break a f…, listen
Tryna to tell y'all, niggas, give you a fair warnin'
Just a chance to live so you can see your kids
Yo, son, nah, before I split your wig
I'd rather feed you this, but you ain't wanna eat it
So now you got to feel it!


Yo, what the, yo
Let me fuck it one more time then y'all can fuck
Y'know how we do it in the hood
Yo, yeah, turn the mic up, yeah, yo
You might also like
Y'all niggas better rock y'all hoodies
Take money, snatch jewelry in the (Hood)
You find the best woman lookin' good
Diamond, she need polishin'
In my hood all the gunshot legal
At the same time we gotta stop killin' our people
Keep it in the (Hood), niggas walk with they gun
Keep it in the (Hood), that's where we come from
I rep Brooklyn, home of the gangsta
I know a few murderer, drug dealer
In the (Hood) we speak mathematics and build
What's the total weight of the brain? Allah real
Slang jacks and hold gats, in the (Hood), 80 proof
Get my dick sucked on the rood of the projects
Dice game in the park, blunt sessions after dark
Movin' with the Wesson
Welcome to the God we build and drop a lesson
Pussy hole testin', in the hood
Got the word from the hoodrat, shorty on the wood

Murder, bad boy, you block off
Murder, rude boy, you pop off
Murder, nine millimeter, me say
Murder, no time for talk, wanna
Murder, men and dem all talk 'bout the
Murder, Masta Killa come calm with nying
Nying, nying, nying, nying, nying
Nying, nying, nying, nying, nying
Me say murder
Ay yo, we boys in the hood, big bad wolves in the woods
It ain't all good, pass the goods
Deep in the project halls waitin' to shine
Walk with a nine and talk with gang signs, in the hood
Niggas put twenties on hoopties
Four heads, one forty ounce and a loosie
And keep dough on the flip, a hoe on the strip
And roll dick, throw on the flip (Hood)
Weed clouds (Pow) thick enough to block the sun
Cops come, but thugs never drop the gun
Understood? Far from your Hollywood
From day one, I vowed I would keep it in the (Hood)
From project chicks with hips and slim waists
From five dollar plates, apartment six H
O.G., I spit G to the young ones
I keep it in the hood, that's where I come from

Murder, bad boy, you block off
Murder, rude boy, you pop off
Murder, nine millimeter, me say
Murder, no time for talk, wanna
Murder, men and dem all talk 'bout the
Murder, Masta Killa come calm with nying
Nying, nying, nying, nying, nying
Nying, nying, nying, nying, nying
Me say murder
This is the place where thugs is born
(In the hood) Blink too long, your life is gone
(In the hood) Convicts still live with they moms
And they whole family tree is tattooed on they arm
(In the hood) Crack fiends'll furnish a 'Llac
(In the hood) African's be drivin' cabs
(In the hood) In the streets the ghetto is hot
And the illest gangsters on the block's the cops
(In the hood) The ones you love'll fill you with slugs
(In the hood) Babies born addicted to drugs
(In the hood) We make life or death decisions
And the school system is like a minimal prison
So you can't knock the hustle or the life that I'm livin'
(In the hood) It ain't all good, repent or you sinnin'

Murder, bad boy, you block off
Murder, rude boy, you pop off
Murder, nine millimeter, me say
Murder, no time for talk, wanna
Murder, men and dem all talk 'bout the
Murder, Masta Killa come calm with nying
Nying, nying, nying, nying, nying
Nying, nying, nying, nying, nying
Me say murder
Murder, bad boy, you block off
Murder, rude boy, you pop off
Murder, nine millimeter, me say
Murder, no time for talk, wanna
Murder, men and dem all talk 'bout the
Murder, Masta Killa come calm with nying
Nying, nying, nying, nying, nying
Nying, nying, nying, nying, nying
Me say murderEmbed
Light is shining, beauty sunshine
Here comes one-time, the ball was so fine
Heat is blazing, the kids were playing
His partner was shady, trying to slave the babies

A-yo, they didn't know the cop was crooked
He had blow out in Brooklyn
All this while he let the fiends cook it
The baseheads stirred it up, plus they got to blow it up
Dropped it off in the PJ's and they bigged it up
Then one day, shit jumped off real crazy
The middle of a bathroom they find an old lady
No clothes, half of her tongue, ear missing
The killer had to be mad smart, he wore mittens
Even though her leg was bitten
Crackheads point the finger at Detective Slick Morris Gittins
Paleface cop who done popped the best
And got the chop on his neck from when he knocked Celeste
It was a slug, drug, he pressured everybody on the block
Some niggas know him as the Godson of Gotti
And his black partner, he was scared to speak
He saw how they planted weapons on these kids in the street
He saw like over fifty bodies in like fifty-two weeks
He saw his colleague pick up money before leaving his beat
They call him desk duty, Robocop, younger dudes
Call him Freddy Krugs from the way he walk on the block
You might also like
Light is shining, beauty sunshine
Here comes one-time, the ball was so fine
Heat is blazing, the kids were playing
His partner was shady, trying to slave the babies

Heard the disturbance out the window, oh shit they got my son
Pulled over his Tempo, Brenda dropped the endo
Had her little nephew with her yo she didn't care
They always harassed her, until she blew the captain with a razor
His partner turned red in his waist, maced her, smacked her
With the walkie, yoked her then slammed her on her face
He bugged on her like she was drugged, plugged one in her
The fifth relaxed her like a big thug pistol whipped her
Heard she was dusted, must've been the way they threw the cuffs on her
She broke the shits, went and rushed the kid
Waving her hands, she had a half an axe, all in her tracks
He grabbed her by the hair, she broke his jaw it cracked
More cops arrived, they both bloodied down by the five
Wildest niggas just smiling cause it look live
They gave her forty years in New Orleans, calling me wodie
Shorty was young, by three days had a great bid

Light is shining, beauty sunshine
Here comes one-time, the ball was so fine
Heat is blazing, the kids were playing
His partner was shady, trying to slave the babies
You're just worms in the worst part of the apple that's rotten
You squirm and you turn from the right, still plottin
All slimy cause you stay grimy, petty crime-y cat
You sometime me, don't need to remind me about
Living in the core, with the scramblers in front of the store
The bum holding the door, the mugging no one saw
We played ball in the alley where dope was shot raw
And the school they kept flawed, plus the lowest test scores
Small percentage determined to strengthen they position
Transformation from critical to stable condition
But it still be obstacles on niggas that's optical
Watching you like salt-water sharks that's tropical
The money was the root and it's the instinct to make it
With they pockets and fridge naked, many aim to take it
Whether—hold up, set up, stabbing or a wet up
Just to know it was the kid next door fizzucked your head up
Once he fell short, frequently visit the courts
And for some, another way out, is music and sports
That's why I, keep the rhyme just as fly as a shot
That won the championship with just O on the clock

Light is shining, beauty sunshine
Here comes one-time, the ball was so fine
Heat is blazing, the kids were playing
His partner was shady, trying to slave the babies
Light is shining, beauty sunshine
Here comes one-time, the ball was so fine
Heat is blazing, the kids were playing
His partner was shady, trying to slave the babiesEmbed
Good thing we brought da Glock

It's the block party, niggas just bust shots
(Good thing we brought da Glock)
Thought you had props, with your gangsta bop
(Good thing we brought da Glock)
Meet me on the hill or the Ave Hill top
(Good thing we brought da Glock)
You like what you see, my shiny ass rocks
(Good thing we brought da Glock)

I'd fuck the shit out of Patricia Drummond
Looked out the window and her man was comin'
(Good thing we brought da Glock)
Catch me at the Ruckers game
Playin' the side with my spaghetti chain
(Good thing we brought da Glock)
Riker's Island shanked down
There go them niggas who blew Hal my nigga
(Good thing we brought da Glock)
I'm at the ATM
Niggas lookin' sneaky in the grey BM
(Good thing we brought da Glock)
You might also like
Twenty drunk crabs try to push through the back door
(Good thing we brought da Glock)
Five boxcutters drawn they was ready for war
(Good thing we brought da Glock)
That's that thug down from Southside who tryin' to front son
(Good thing we brought da Glock)
Little dog bout to flip, someone fucked his baby moms
(Good thing we brought da Glock)

Never leave home without it
(Good thing we brought da Glock)
Y'all niggas ain't 'bout it, 'bout it
(Good thing we brought da Glock)
Never leave home without it
(Good thing we brought da Glock)
Y'all niggas ain't 'bout it, 'bout it
(Good thing we brought da Glock)

You niggas thought somethin' was sweet
Cause we rollin with the seeds today
(Good thing we brought da Glock)
Back in the A-Train, Halloween
Niggas in masks, want my name ring
(Good thing we brought da Glock)
It's Brooklawn day, Pinkhouse day
Park Hill Stapleton day
(Good thing we brought da Glock)
That same cat we stomped out
Seen him at Eastern Parkway, the Parkway play
(Good thing we brought da Glock)
We in the spot where the money's marked
NARCs just jump through the window, yo
(Good thing we brought da Glock)
Them niggas killin' young niggas at will
Check how they did my little man son
(Good thing we brought da Glock)
We ain't slaves, we just rich renegades that's paid
Born in the ghetto, yo
(Good thing we brought da Glock)
Up in the staircase, flooded with cakes
Screwfacin' with the dirty eights
(Good thing we brought da Glock)

Never leave home without it
(Good thing we brought da Glock)
Y'all niggas ain't 'bout it, 'bout it
(Good thing we brought da Glock)
Never leave home without it
(Good thing we brought da Glock)
Y'all niggas ain't 'bout it, 'bout it
(Good thing we brought da Glock)

Good thing we brought da Glock
Good thing we brought da Glock
Good thing we brought da Glock
Good thing we brought da Glock1Embed
I grew up around block parties ready to rock
Behind the rope nigga with my rhymes on cock
The verse shot first nigga who had shit to pop
A bad weather blow the feathers off a hundred flocks
With 70% goose, 30 ducked, get stuck
And each link in your chain is trucked
No ends in this rhyme cipher with nine snipers
Charge of the kiss from the Pied Piper
I live around DJ's, b-boys, MC's
Through rap never thinkin' "Airways" are TVs
It was strictly all about magnificant rhyme clout
"Rec Room", 2 dollars with the flyer as we would doubt
Now his wigs pushed back
Name scratched off the plaque, too wild to re-enact
(Yo)

Got to check out the W
Got… to… check out… the W
Got to check out the W
Got… to… check out… the W
Got to check out the W
Got… to… check out… the W
Got to check out the W
Got… to… check out… the W
You might also like
MC's have the right to remain silent
Everything you say can and will be used against y'all muh'fuckers
And Mef can only trust ya as far as I can see ya
Me need ya? That'll be the.. day, ya busta
It gets no rougher when, me and my comrades rush ya
Like red heat with hammers and sickles
I milk like ya baby mama's nipples, got issues
It's just us, so what's what if any can touch us
Then lord strike me down where I stand at now
Wit this bottle of Remy, gettin' fucked up child, listen
The most notable MC, ya source for hip hop quotable MC
Of course it's Tical!

Got to check out the W
Got… to… check out… the W
Got to check out the W
Got… to… check out… the W
Got to check out the W
Got… to… check out… the W
Got to check out the W
Got… to… check out… the W

The Princess, the Pope, incest, dope
Choke you by the throat, the chrome handle smoke
The man not for joke, we all out for broke
Plus the herbal that I tote, the murder that I wrote
You can't do me none, my Uzi weighs a ton
I'm comin' from the slum, Wu is number one
I stumbled on the drum, the Gods are troublesome
"Rumble" when we come, boy you better "Run, Run"
Got to check out the W
Got… to… check out… the W
Got to check out the W
Got… to… check out… the W
Got to check out the W
Got… to… check out… the W
Got to check out the W
Got… to… check out… the W

Aiyo, it's like this jumpin' out of golden whips
Flashin' mega bricks, outfits, rock ridiculous whips, bitch
Wavy hair, men of the year, bent in the stairs
Sick winter gear, been on position is where
Call him an Asiatic God-body, "Longevity"
Slang rap, you get your whip wrapped
Swing through the hood calmly
Yo what up? Staten Island, Bush, George
Dust your shit off, whips spin off
Get off, slips, which, wiz
Mind di-tects mines, lines lick sick nines
Pick wines, lift up, bill a nigga six flies
Dip wide, dress my shit up, fuck six times, wish mine
Rub lamps, take thousand dollar crystalines
Got to check out the W
Got… to… check out… the W
Got to check out the W
Got… to… check out… the W
Got to check out the W
Got… to… check out… the W
Got to check out the W
Got… to… check out… the WEmbed
Eh, eh, eh, eh, eh, hey
Wu-Tang, nigga, that's what's up, one
Wu-Tang, nigga, that's what's up
That's what's up
Eh, eh, eh
That's what's up
Wu-Tang, nigga, that's what's up
Wu-Tang, nigga, that's what's up

Wu-Tang nigga, crash your crew, laugh at you
You bastard, you, pass through, slap an ass or two
Hear me roar, Timbaland tree, weed galore
MC's with gusto, y'all ain't never seen before
El-Producto, pass that, you puff too slow
That's what's up, yo, the kid with the buck-toothed flow
Oh, that's Meth' Man, southpaw, I throw my left hand
To that hardcore shit that even make the TEC jam
Oh, my goodness, trust me, ain't nothing like some hood shit
Gotta love my dogs, but ain't nothing like a good bitch
Strictly, if I'm goin' down, she comin' with me
Whole time screamin', "Oh, my God!", ain't no mystery

(Y'all been warned) About them Killa Bees on the swarm
(Y'all been warned) You either step or get stepped upon
Correct me if I'm wrong, but fake thugs never last long
Can't wait until ya fake-ass gone
(Y'all been warned) About them Killa Bees on the swarm
(Y'all been warned) You either step or get stepped upon, nigga
Uh-oh, I think they're playin' our song
Lit blunts, Clan in the front, sayin', "It's on!"
You might also like
Try to Wu hate, duck, you could suck my…
Watch the block get clear when I buck my…
Boomerang darts, you can't duck my…
No tellin' which Clan, man, you got struck by
Chains get tucked when he walk by; hawk eye
Arrows bein' fired from crossbow, I talk fly
You can't Etch-A-Sketch, all my rhyme threat
Try to bite my flow, you catch ya throat strep
Soaked in sex, dope, you eat the cold TEC's
Boldflex, W crown, the ice O-X
Up in the oolie, yo, who you know?
John Bizzi, Ghost Deini, Rollie Finger and them toolies, yo
Stainless Bobby, boy, you have an English folly
To try to detain the slang that we came to party
Plus you didn't peep Irief, kid, you sleep
I seen this heap of shit, you in steep

(Y'all been warned) About them Killa Bees on the swarm
(Y'all been warned) You either step or get stepped upon
Correct me if I'm wrong, but fake thugs never last long
Can't wait until ya fake-ass gone

Yo, amidst the gravel, play the words of the Big Apple
Broadcastin' live from the pits of the battle
Wigs split and rattled, get shook out ya saddle
You ever hear me losin,' one of y'all fix the panel
Ask who? Wu, that's true, known piranhas
Who knows drama? Fathers of your whole persona
The mad doctor stay locked in the O.R. 
In too deep, beyond reach of the sonar
Still a vet, say my name next to hall of fame
Hurtin' third string players, first day in the game
It's on, son, the Killa Bee swarm come
Make the world shake with one continuous drum
(Y'all been warned) About them Killa Bees on the swarm
(Y'all been warned) You either step or get stepped upon
Correct me if I'm wrong, but fake thugs never last long
Can't wait until ya fake-ass gone

Wave ya gun, Killa (I got you)
Shoot this nigga in his face for his mumblin' (I heard y'all forgot Wu)
Wear ya crown, black down (Watch the block, too)
Blow at y'all niggas (Blowin' at the cops, too)
Yo, my wallets stay bulletproof, racin' in coups
Yeah, we the realest, ultraviolet leathers on, pealin' this
Love lookin' the illest, gorilla things
Monster background with a history of pumpin' crack
Yap clowns, we all real in here; strap a bomb
On a family member, let y'all niggas know we here
Blasted, it's like cheeba when I splashed it
Real reefer heads'll know the meanin' of hittin' glass
I told y'alls, against y'all, Ginsus avenge gods
Picture me stabbin' you in the yard for R's
Kid saw Staten, nine *Bin Ladens*
Valours on, colourful drawers, lookin' all relaxed in

(Y'all been warned) About them Killa Bees on the swarm
(Y'all been warned) You either step or get stepped upon
Correct me if I'm wrong, but fake thugs never last long
Can't wait until ya fake-ass gone
(Y'all been warned) About them Killa Bees on the swarm
(Y'all been warned) You either step or get stepped upon, nigga
Uh-oh, I think they're playin' our song
Lit blunts, Clan in the front, sayin', "It's on!"
"I not begging for my own life
Just let my child be born, then I don't mind dying"
"Ha, that's great kill her and his child
Ta Chi, go ahead"Embed
Yo, yeah
Don't erase none of that good shit in the beginnin'
Yo, spill drinks on ya, get stank on ya
Yo, yo, pinky ring shit, yo
That pinky ring shit, yo

It's that pinky ring shit, the legend of masked kid
Shoot out the speakers when my guns get jurassic
Superbad, who am I? Dolemite classic
The vandal's back, hands on Angela Bassett
I handle my plastic, gunplay I mastered
No coke, dope mixed down with acid on record
Broken down and crafted in seconds
Lady's choice, the golden voice still peppered
Better, respect it, bitch believe
I pull rabbits out the hat, tricks up my sleeves
I air out the showroom, the shit can breathe
Fix your weave, behold my expertise

I got my uzi back
You, dudes, is wack, face it, the Wu is back
I got my uzi back
You, dudes, is wack, face it, the Wu is back
You might also like
Take it back to the peoples, leanin' gettin' rec room points
We in them authentic alley switchin' joints
Major general niggas, five stars
Both arms rock when coke dropped we read a hundred niggas palms
Silencers, garbage bags of hash
For every cop we paid retired now the nigga on smash
Gash you out your burner fast
You swing down hatin' me now respect get your fingers off the glass

I got my uzi back
You, dudes, is wack, face it, the Wu is back
I got my uzi back
You, dudes, is wack, face it, the Wu is back

Yo what the fuck yo?! Yo what the fuck y'all comin' for?
Get the fuck away from my door!
We got big guns in here, coke over there
With blue bag and E pills stashed under the chair
And there's Boss Hog black and white pit with the pink lips
Stan thought he was soft 'til he bit his fingers
The shit had me dyin' yo, big fat nigga bleedin'
Big cat nigga all season
On the beach truck, stuck with Hawaiian ice
Diamond twice the whole city thought I bought FUBU
Blew you, authentic doodoo, picture the fog iced out
18 karat rap between noodles
I got my uzi back
You, dudes, is wack, face it, the Wu is back
I got my uzi back
You, dudes, is wack, face it, the Wu is back

Up at Killa Bee headquarters, four whips just pulled up
I saw Johnny sippin' Henny from a iced out cup
Yo with the blunt, two-way vibratin' off the hip
I sit took three drags off the honey-dip
Now what you talkin'? You see my gold fronts sparkin'?
Ain't tryin' to hear what you dogs be barkin'
Read the headline, that was blast on today's Post
Dead king, thought he could ace Ghost
Queen couldn't even jack Monk
Probably find him in Doc Doom's back trunk
Bdoodoodoo! I'm up at the Wu library
Readin' Malcolm's "…Any Means Necessary"

John John, Bacardi straight up hold the ice
So nice like New York they had to name him twice
Name your price, I black out then change the lights
Give you the same advice that I gave my wife
Don't fuck with mine, Clan give you lumps in nine
Let the smoke cloud clear so the sun can shine
Culture shock, for some of us that's all we got
Whether you ball or not, you can all get shot
New York, New York, legendary rhyme boss
Code name Charlie Horse, bust with blind force
I smash set it and wreck for cash credit or check
You crash-tests can't measure the threat
I dance on a nigga like my name's Zab Judah
Rap barracuda, three XL kahuna
Sure to get it perkin' and cause a disturbance
I'm thirstin', feel what I feel then we can merge then
Creep it through the states in V8's and 12's
My weight's hell, fuck with me then brace yourself
The Noble, Sir I mass mogul
Known to blast vocals, and move global on you locals

This is grown man talkin', coward I'll split your head
I'm from the East where the streets run red from the bloodshed
Hit Chef for the rice and peas
Nuff respect father Eton with Addies
My brothers can't wait to squeeze the automatic
They need wreck like a drug dealer need a addict
Floatin' on the 95, sting like a killer bee
Your hands can't hit what your eyes can't see

From dark matter to the big crunch
The vocals came in a bunch without one punch
Rare glimpse from the, swiftly advanced, proved unstoppable
Reputation enhanced, since the cause was probable
So you compare contrast but don't blast
Through extreme depths, with the pen I hold fast
Watch the block thirst for one became all
Shot 'em with the long forgotten rainfall
Delivered in a brutal fashion with simplicity
The blind couldn't verify the authenticity
The rhyme came from the pressure of heat
Then it was laid out, on the ground to pave streets

I got my uzi back
You, dudes, is wack, face it, the Wu is back
I got my uzi back
You, dudes, is wack, face it, the Wu is back

*Suuue*8Embed
All you, hoes, be cryin' for these bitches
All you, niggas, be cryin' for these hoes

"Both hands clusty"

"Pullin' out gats"

"Double-barrel"

"Blew off the burner, kinda dusty"

"We pack chrome TEC's"

"Bring it to 'em proper, partner"

"Wu! Tang! Wu! Tang!"

"Comin' from the 36th Chamber"
You might also like
"Math lets– lets the plate S– Spin"

"Many– many brothers I be sparkin'"

"Stray shots, all on the block that stays hot"

If you fuck with Wu, we gots to fuck with you

"Wu! Tang! Wu! Tang!"

Who the fuck knocked our buildings down?
Who the man behind the World Trade massacres, step up now
Where the four planes at, huh, is you insane, bitch?
Fly that shit over my hood and get blown to bits
No disrespect, that's where I rest my head
I understand you gotta rest yours true nigga, my people's dead
America, together we stand, divided we fall
Mr. Bush, sit down, I'm in charge of the war

Yes, yes, y'all, the I-N-S bless y'all
Stop hearts like cholesterol, let's brawl
Never fall, tear it down like a wreckin' ball
Role call where my niggas that's one for all?
And all for one, we draw the guns on impulse
Cash in the envelope, spend it on kinfolk
Then smoke a ounce as we count mills
Providin' you pure ecstasy without pills
Y'all know the rules, we don't fuck with fools, man
How the fuck did we get so cool, man?
Never ever disrespect my crew
If you fuck with Wu, we gots to fuck with you

Y'all dogs better guard ya grills, it's all real
We live from Baleelz, it's the god, I-Reelz
Yo wonderful, spark the blill; let me build
With the people for the mills; I'm rollin with the Rebel I-ill
From Killa Hill, peace to Brownsville
Brothers that'll kill for the will of the righteous
Twenty-five to lifers, true and living snipers
You wait like "Sixth Sense" till hard to kill

How you livin', Streetlife? I'm surrounded by criminals
Serial killers tote guns without the serial
High tech street intellect, all digital
Project original, sheisty individual
New York's bravest, always supply you with the latest
We hall of famers, and still hit you with the greatest
Took a year hiatus, now you wanna hate us
Thanks to all you haters for all the cream you made us
Y'all know the rules, we don't fuck with fools, man
How the fuck did we get so cool, man?
Never ever disrespect my crew
If you fuck with Wu, we gots to fuck with you, nigga

Hey yo, hey yo
Sendin' letters to trial, my cousin in Wendy's on Viacom
At home it's worth money; higher dons
Order drinks, all real niggas order your minks, yo
We got the fitteds on lookin' all faint, daddy
Everybody get money from now on; payday
Flash Visas, livin' like Easter e'ryday
Now it's, fuck Benz, rather a four-thirty
That shit that float through water
Eyeball come up, drop birdies, yo

We can eat right, or we can clap these toys
I'm with Streetlife, ain't never been a Backstreet Boy
Who y'all kiddin', tryna act like my shoe fittin'
Confused with ya head up your ass like, who's shittin'?
It's Hot Nixon, same team same position
Battin average three-five-seven and still hittin'
Y'all still bitchin', still lame and still chicken
I'm still here, one leg missin' and still kickin'
(Cause I'm haaard) Hard like a criminal
Love like a tennis shoe, throw slugs to finish you
It's the Method Man, for short Mr. Meth
I can tell this motherfucker ain't Wu, look at his neck
"Comin' from the 36th Chamber"
"Bring it to 'em proper, partner"
("Wu! Tang! Wu! Tang!")
It's Wu-Tang, rushin' your gang, crushin' the game
Pretty thugs clutchin' they chain, handcuffin' they dame
Who get strange, gassed up playin' with flame
Let a nigga take off his shades, see what I'm sayin' is…

Ya'll know the rules, we don't fuck with fools, man
How the fuck did we get so cool, man?
Never ever disrespect my crew
If you fuck with Wu, we gots to fuck with you, nigga

I wish a nigga will
"Wu! Tang! Wu! Tang!"
"Wu! Tang! Wu! Tang"2Embed
Call it the Hollow Bone syndrome line
Select sweet nine, face this, watch his whole face lift
Bracelets, murder niggas, luxurious, banks I was draped
Caked out, half a million dollars in coats
Flows is genetic, the Corleone connection in all
Selection, stock brokers with coats on
Make coke suggestions, all twin glizzies
Fireman, Gucci boots on, sideways action
Murder niggas fear me yo
Cash that he did Clinton, rentin' his mother crib out
We send organize the Bill of Rights get lid
Drugs that Hendrix was on, conversatin' like the Dutch
Richie Conaway, Goodfellas who honor Rae
Flows that blow thru your roll and Holland
Everybody now, trip up niggas, in clicks we posin' rhyme black
Half the year, half my niggas sittin' upstairs
Takin' pictures of ya niggas wack gear

Listen to the (Clap)
Real niggas (Clap)
Rich niggas (Clap)
My bitches (Clap)
If you love pussy then y'all niggas (Clap)
If you love to get ate, then ya ladies (Clap)
If you real fucked up, then ya'll niggas (Clap)
If you bare witness to Allah y'all (Clap)
Aiyo you see me on the big screen y'all niggas Clap
(Jeans with a gangster lean, y'all Clap)
Good hats, sloppy automatics that Clap
(Big shit, thunder) Get around that
You might also like
Porcelain floors with a dog named Ginger
Bottle cap niggas that rhyme, we the winners
Then slide thru your hood in hoods
Me, Cliff, Patrick, Gary Grice and my man C. Woods
Holdin' up gorilla, two niggas got a hold that shit
One shot and ya mans on it
The little kids watch from down the block
Jury box, murder hop, six stash botch, fit hit the ran spots
Spit at the statue with cash and throw dough at it
Fuck bitches raw, why? Cuz I'm a pro at it
Big birds danglin', cameras snatch, flash and pop from every angle and
2000 Mark Damon'in

Clap ya hands now, Clap, Clap ya hands now, Clap, Clap
Clap, Clap ya hands now, Clap, Clap, Clap ya hands now
People Clap ya hands

I drink till I'm drunk
Smoke skunk, with my stinkin' ass, smell the funk
Eekin' out the pores, cum stain, shitty drawers
Pissin' down ya elevators shaft, no class, writin' graf' on ya walls
It be us, fuck ya law, niggas my cause is "because"
No yin to my yang, it's a black thing
Used to be in chains, now we snatch chains
Took the crack game applied it to the rap game, y'all
Pop quiz, now, what artist hits the hardest?
Get down with the syndrome: retarded
I think it was them swordsmen
Place them chess pieces on the boards and
Take it to the square, this ain't no Yakool affair
Or a New World Disorder, got us, fuckin' the coal miner's daughter
That y'all, but not us
Listen to the (Clap)
Real niggas (Clap)
Rich niggas (Clap)
My bitches (Clap)
If you love pussy then y'all niggas (Clap)
If you love to get ate, then ya ladies (Clap)
If you real fucked up, then ya'll niggas (Clap)
If you bare witness to Allah y'all (Clap)
Aiyo you see me on the big screen y'all niggas Clap
(Jeans with a gangster lean, y'all Clap)
Good hats, sloppy automatics that Clap
(Big shit, thunder) Get around that

During this time, I intend to teach you the Shaolin poem
The rules and commandments, that void, deceit
Cruelty and unkindness, always help the weak
Never despise the poor, always respect yourself2Embed
"We are are watching a whole—"
"Careful!"
"Careful!"
"Careful!"
"Careful!"

Wait, hold up, chill, what's that, son?
Damn nigga got fucked, shit, huh?!
By his back, watch nigga run ("Careful!")
Seven the center of your eight point Sun
Hold tight grip on the God-U
Now you best be careful!
Can't dodge two Self-Hes ("Careful!") aimed at your domepiece
Father-U-C-King police!

Something in the slum went, "Rum-pum-pum-pum"
Something in the slum went, "Rum-pum-pum-pum"

Yo, Rae, it's been a long time, son, since we bust guns ("C—Careful!")
Clashed glaciers, ran the world and snatched paper
Return to the 36th Chamber ("Careful!")
Proceed with caution as you enter
We have an A.P.B. on an MC killer
Looks like the work of a master
You might also like
Yo, something in the street went "Bang, bang"
Making it hard for you to do your thang, thang ("Careful!")
Something in the street went, "Bang, bang"

Up in the boss game, wilding, money for grabs
I ain't fucking with crabs
Out-of-state, copped two labs
Hopped two cabs, back on the Ave
Stab you with the vocab
Catch me at The Big Doe Rehab ("Careful!")
Tryna re-up, keep my feet up
Snake niggas in the cut, hold the product
Time is up, no luck, heat start to bust ("Careful!")
Niggas you can't trust, dealing with lust ("Careful!")
Seen him at the ballgames with James ("Careful! Careful!")

Yo, something in the street went "Bang, bang"
Making it hard for you to do your thang, thang
Something in the street went, "Bang, bang"
Making it hard for you to do your thang, thang, thang
Something in the hall went, "Click, click"
The boxcutter went, "Click, click"
Something in the hall went, "Click, click"
The boxcutter went, "Click, click"
These are the bones, bones from the grave of Houdini ("Careful!")
G-Deini, Ronzoni noodles sprinkled on your embry' ("Careful!")
Climb like the deficit, profits, death threats to Israel
Slid through Bethlehem, bong, on one wheel
Syringes, rubber bands, needles, the Sixties
Granddaddy Caddy was copped for six G's
B'gosh, all that, Oshkosh jumpers, Pink Champelle
Brown paper bags, wall-to-wall bumpers ("Careful! Careful!")

These ain't the camera guys, cause terror in your eyes
Sweat on the hammer fly, Ways of the Samurai
Newsflash bulletin, Gods on the prowl
We full again, ruff men scuff Timbs
Sonic bionic lens, RZA console
Is it Bush, or is it Dole? Front row of the Super Bowl
Black gold in my soul, on a ho stroll
Don't go boy, you on parole—you don't know? ("Careful!")

Someone in the back went, "Clack, clack"
Money is stacked, now bust your gun—"Clack, clack"
Someone in the back went, "Clack, clack"
Money is stacked, now bust your gun—"Clack, clack"
Made 'em throw they hands up, but then lay flat ("Careful!")
Rat Pack eat up the average alley cat
Prepare for the impact when we contact
Known to drop facts that crack your hard hat ("Careful!")
Must I show and prove, trust I, bust I
Make your head spin ("Careful!") like chrome twenties on the buggy-eye Benz
Who contends, Wu like the Superfriends
Who's your rhyming hero? Wu-Tang rules again

Someone in the back went, CLACK CLACK
Money is stacked, now bust your gun, CLAP CLAP
Someone in the back went, CLACK CLACK
Money is stacked, now bust your gun, CLAP CLAP
Yo something in the street went, BANG BANG
Making it hard for you to do your thang thang
Something in the street went, BANG BANG
Something in the hole went click-click
The boxcutter went click-click
Something in the hall went click-click
The boxcutter went click-click
Something in the slum went rum-pum-pum-pum
Something in the slum went rum-pum-pum-pum

"Careful!"
"Careful!"
"Careful!"
"Careful!"
2Embed
Yeah, ayo what's goin on man, yo man
Everything is everything man, just, just
Get that C.R.E.A.M. right for real, man
You know who we starvin' for, man
We got, we got family members

That splash against my hollow bones

Ayo, ayo, ayo
High potency Thai, smoke a bag of black
And feel the vibe, born to be wise, we form on a rise
The corner mean five, horns in disguise, throw on your slides
Young niggas racist, smokers is basing, we seen the eyes
Laying up, playing the cut, what? Stay in the truck
Something told me duck, folded me up, my shoulders struck
Out of luck, fucked the Pradas up
Fell in a daze like a Golotta snuff
Niggas tried to body me up
I'm in the lobby bleeding, niggas in the waiting office probably eating
And sprinting and beefing when they heard the shots called the precinct
And seen barber nieces beast, some niggas shot Shallah features
And shot through his Ellesses, bent the spinal cordless creatures
I'm gagging and flagging a cab down
Guess who in the Benz wagon, dragging my sound down macking
It was Dale Breedy the greedy, conniving-ass snake genie
Cop with a bikini who murdered Tosh and Benini
I'm feeling wheezy and I'm drained from the cheeba grieving
Ain't even looking decent, seeing police niggas reaching
You might also like
That splash against my hollow bones
That rocks my...

Fleeing the crime scene speeding
Beefing leaving behind cream, not even peeping that I was leaking
Won't see the precinct just got a recent case beaten
Still jakes are creeping, don't blow your spot, stay the weekend
Keep the Ruger peeling who's squealing few knew the dealings
Keep the steel concealed in cause we got no time for feelings
Eyes on the building guards are on the corners illing
Million dollar block villain plotting on a killing
Feel like, a superhero talking like a true De Niro
They boost his ego found him broke down, reduced to zero
Cops fill reports hoping I'll reveal my source, source

That splash against my hollow bones
That rocks my soul

Outside the check cashing, flashing, dipped in fashion
Five cherry-faced faggots tried to cash in
They keep laughing – Ghost, you'll get your face bashed in
Who gave you these privileges son? Why you maxing?
And we... f-f-f-fiending to take those
Move slow, I'm hearing how you broke Rob's nose
And I heard you keep a banging hammer
Golden brass, diamonds embroideries
That was stolen that you haven't reported, G
Make very little noise, my shit hiccup
Don't make this big stick up bigger, me and the boys
I thought for a second, then chose rather than froze
Had the Gem Star in my hand, yo, what the fuck?
Yo, that's when I ripped Timothy, snatched and dipped
Jumped right in back of him, had the mini axe tool, faxed him
Shots rang off, bing-boggle-de-dum


The sword it's the best weapon of all
Two sharp edges, and a long spine
The blade is very thin and it's easily damaged
You remember that: the vital thing is the point
Pay special attention to it, your life could depend on it5Embed
Him speaketh in tongues into the hearts of all flesh
Yeah stanyoi
Whoi

Oh God, I beg for forgiveness
So help me Lord, yes I beg for forgiveness
Deep in my heart, please, I'm crying for forgiveness
Allah U Akbar, I fall to my knees for forgiveness
Branded by the steel iron, bullets flying
Ladies being hit through wickedness, I'm losing my grip
I thought we lived by the books, The Bible, Qu'ran
We pick cotton, my back is still hot and dark and
They threw burners in our babies' faces
Pale hands that looked scary touched our bodies in the strangest places
Sweat from the white man's head
Fell on our daughters as she cried, giving white man head
Almighty, alrighty, niggas is screwing
God won't you tell me why these ho niggas is screwing?
I'm sorry father, sacrifice me, leave me wife
Sacrifice me twice, so my kids can see paradise...

So we heed our God king Selassie I, Jehovah God, Jah Rastafari
Who is seated in Zion and reigneth in all
In the hearts of all flesh - whoa wow
Let my task oh Jah with them that strive with me
Fight against them - whoa wow
That fight against me - whoa wow
Take hold thy shield and rock and stand up for my health
Oh Jah, oh Jah, only you can comfort me
La la la, la la la la la, la la la la
La la la whoi stand out
You might also like
Curse to the wicked snakes who try to snatch the truth away
Cursed be the ones who try to take our youth away
Peace to the black, the brown, the red, yellow, and white seed
We don't discriminate man over color, creed
They tried to snatch up our beats, son, and steal our culture
And German Catholics, whitewashing Roman sculptures
How dare you try to deny Allah's intelligence?
Kidnap the truth, and destroying the black evidence

Glory be to the Father
Glory be to the Son (Glory be to the Holy One)
Glory be to the Holy One
The holder of creation whoi
As Jah was in the beginning is now and forever shall be
Jah world... Jah world without end whoi
So we heed our God king Selassie I, Jahova God, Jah Rastafari
Who is seated in Zion and reigneth in the hearts of
In the hearts of all flesh whoi4Embed
Yeah, yeah yeah now, what the fuck now?
Flipmode Wu-Tang shit, what the fuck now?
Yeah yeah yeah..
Historical and monumental shit
What the fuck now? Yeah, yeah, yeah

Straight smack a nigga right in the face like this was handball
I'll make a mural out his face up on a damn wall
Niggas play hard and shit; if you know what's best for you
Y'all niggas better safeguard your shit
Even though we rep brass knuckle rap
Fuck with street geniuses and bowlegged chicks who walk with a gap
Street niggas now the corporate boss
Still go to y'all restaurant for steamed fish and Irish moss
And y-yo, the way we do it and you see how my shit bomb
Your whole show wack and I'mma cancel your sitcom
Fuck a nigga broad 'til she tired and real calm
You ain't knowin my name tattoed on your bitch arm
The way we blow shit is a shame
Casually bust my gun and celebrate bustin a cork on the champagne
Wrote you with a whole new approach that lead a whole team of niggas
Y'all should know I only ball like a coach, now

Check out the light fixture, freak lines like white bitches
Let the mic lines - hang that slang is ridiculous
Emperor of warlords, big gun only fuck with sawed-offs
That's my specialty, more to bust
Shot out my bed parrot keep it gangster, Lord
I analyze your work those that got merked were not established
Texture look classy, arm baby 2000 raspberry
S-5, blowin through Asbury
Soon to own steakhouses, glowin like makeover thousand
Them them niggas, robbin from Pinkhouse's
Show and prove, knockin off cab drivers
God, sodomize money, ring two hundred thousand
See the color of the carved out Wu emblem
Baby, it's all designers, tailor-made Wu gooses
Limousine, automatic new uzi's in 'em yo
Relax, cousin just cruise through, jewels with him
You might also like
Move up the block, giant box blast my song
Non-stop strictly hip-hop, march on
Doo-rag hang long, metal tape is high-bias
Graphics, captured with the colorful, iris
I zoom in, while the listeners tune in
Some assumin they paid dues and joined the union
Lost nigga couldn't rumble in this wild jungle
Quick to crumble, type to be on the stand and fumble
Divine Master, threw on the track that made 'em bleed
He produce at unattainable rains of top speed
This powerful magnet, that left 'em stagnant
Was unlikely in cameras in larger fragments
Un-filled rifle, scout sniper, shots precise
Starlight scope, with the night vision device
Splendid marksman, that'll shoot the one off the dice
Split a grain of rice, in one shot we kill 'em twice
{*GUNBLAST*}3Embed
Yo, this is a Wu-Banger, two thousand and one noise maker
Off the hook guerilla anthem
This is DJ Kay Slay, from around the way
And I'll smack the shit outta ANY OF YOU DJ's
That front on this shit.. think I'm playin?

I heard you ladies got them thang-thangs, do you really?
I heard y'all niggas like to bang-bang, do you really?
I heard you ladies got them thang-thangs, do you really?
I heard y'all niggas like to bang-bang, do you really?

I never been a fan of the fame, I got love for the game
Never lust for the dames, I got dust in my veins
Little off in the brain, kid talks butter slang
Sniffed a little blow with the rap Eddie Kane
Spent a lot of dough, it's so hard to explain
And I fucked a lot of hoes off the strength of the name
Wu-Tang, see me at the next, X Winter Games
Snowboardin down a ski range, it's a blue and grey frame
Keep, pointin the finger, I'm that nigga to blame
The main reason why you tuck the chain
Self proclaimed, got a lotta profit to gain
And I'm leavin the rap game the same way I came
You might also like
Now creep with me, as I roll through the Stat
Little Meth got my back, so do Pinky Fat-Fat
Let me hit that {​*inhale*}​ contact, learn how to act
Before you bring that drama the end; now fade to black
Positive, hate kids who tell me lies
Despise guys that wanna get high but never buy
Got nine lives, nine wives that don't listen
Bitchin their biological clocks is tickin
Wu limited edition - hot off the presses
I guess it's, curtains for competition
Method, runnin 'em out, gun in my mouth
The kid your momma warned you about, tear down the house
After midnight, eatin MC's, change to a gremlin
You're tremblin, behind the Kremlin wall, surrenderin
That's what you get for Russian/rushin, in the direction I was bustin
Polish your sword, your shit is rustin

I heard you ladies got them thang-thangs, do you really?
I heard y'all niggas like to bang-bang, do you really?
I heard you ladies got them thang-thangs, do you really?
I heard y'all niggas like to bang-bang, do you really?

One-two, testin, testin, mic check wreckin
Steps into the session
Automatic weapon off safety, don't play me
But brings all them things with silencers
My clan is liver than your average '85er
Strive to stay alive
I play for keeps in the streets
Cause it's real on the battlefield
Shells hit the ground from the steel
Bullets travel, sun set fire to your mind
Words combine when I rhyme to free the blind
Prepare my queen for battle and walk down
I drink from the wine of violence, no tolerance
Gave word bond, sword silence
Me in military fatigues, bulletproof underneath
Buy enough ammunition to round and sweep the streets
Of Brooklyn, central, sugar-whipped the rental
While I'm lickin out the window at y'all, fuck y'all
I heard you ladies got them thang-thangs, do you really?
I heard y'all niggas like to bang-bang, do you really?
I heard you ladies got them thang-thangs, do you really?
I heard y'all niggas like to bang-bang, do you really?

Yo, we thrive on street life, we strive to eat right
They blind and need sight, we tried to be nice
They talk the small talk, we walk the long walk
We lost, they all thought, they forced to fall short
We rock for hard rocks, rocked the hot blocks
Shop and cop rocks, watch the top notch in action
Begin to make your head spin
Wu-Tang my brethren, we bang like veterans
They paid for record spins, taste the medicine
Or face the double M, we came to trouble them
Hustle them for they 20 mill' then buckle them
'Nuff to spin out the blue, bitches lovin them
Dozen men with force of a hundred-ten
Stumblin thug passions, it must've been

I heard you ladies got them thang-thangs, do you really?
I heard y'all niggas like to bang-bang, do you really?
I heard you ladies got them thang-thangs, do you really?
I heard y'all niggas like to bang-bang, do you really?
I heard you ladies got them thang-thangs, do you really?
I heard y'all niggas like to bang-bang, do you really?
I heard you ladies got them thang-thangs, do you really?
I heard y'all niggas like to bang-bang, do you really?1Embed

Yeah
Huh, huh
Yeah
Fo' sho', fo' sho', you know that...
Knowhatimsayin, tired of takin motherfuckin bullets for niggas and shit
Knowhatimsayin?
I feel you my nigga
Catchin 45s, being chased by the government, shit like that
I'm diggin it
Bitches you know, mindscapin, tryin to set a nigga up
Knowhatimsayin?
Yeah, MC Conditioner, yeah, knowhatimsayin?
Tired of takin motherfucking bullets for niggas and shit Catchin
45s, being chased by the government, shit like that
I'm diggin it
Bitches you know, mindscapin, tryin to set a nigga up
Knowhatimsayin ?

MC Conditioner, you could never say this boy's a amateur
MC Conditioner, you could never say this boy's a amateur
MC Conditioner, you could never say this boy's a amateur
MC Conditioner, you could never say this boy's a amateur
You might also like
Yeah, yeah
Wu-Tang Clan
Big Snoop D O double G
Somethin for the 2000

Your mama name Peter, papa name Cita
Fuck that nigga, when it come to the heater
Be the elevator, pussy eater
Too desperator, got shot, a hibernator
Hit a nigga later, he got to vacate 'em
Old Dirty corporata, splash, I'm up on the punanny flash
Bad gas, Macintosh, the light is red
Pee in the bed, I'm frustrated
For 29 years, no educated
High caded, cuz you kept it checkmated
What a waste, I'm up in yo' face like what
All you niggas I'm puttin you in your place

MC Conditioner, you could never say this boy's a amateur
MC Conditioner, you could never say this boy's a amateur
MC Conditioner, you could never say this boy's a amateur
MC Conditioner, you could never say this boy's a amateur
Mr. No-Meaner, pussy ho-beater
I keep fo' heaters when I'm dippin with my vita
Suckers they wanna beat us, join us but we don't need 'em
Pump 'em and defeat 'em, dump 'em, and delete 'em
This negro right here pimps hoes
I smoke so much dope I have ya bloody at the nose
Since my buddy at these hoes wit a bud like a rose
It just so happens I'm the nigga that she chose
I flows above the rest, mos' def'
Got you shakin yo' ass, and you throwin up yo' set
Whatever you do, you keepin it true
Big Dogg and ODB, I thought you knew
Oooh, the Wu, is back up in this motherfucker
Oooh, and Snoop, is burnin rubber on these suckers
It's a dog day afternoon
The Clan go bang, and the bang go boom
How you love it, how you like it, and how you get it
Do that damn thing and quit buillshittin wit it
MC Conditioner, you could never say this boy is a amateur (say what)
MC Conditioner, you could never say this boy's a amateur

MC Conditioner, you could never say this boy's a amateur
MC Conditioner, you could never say this boy's a amateur
MC Conditioner, you could never say this boy's a amateur
MC Conditioner, you could never say this boy's a amateur

Yeah, pump that shit, testin
Check, 1,2, yes, yes, yes
Yes, yes y'all, to my niggas y'all
To my click y'all, you can't quit y'all
Wu-Tang bangin' that dope shit y'all
That make you wanna roll up and smoke shit y'all
To the beat y'all, you can't sleep y'all
On my flow y'all niggas don't know y'all
You see my style calm but wild
You witness the rhyme, nothin but dimes
The eightball murder verse, freestyle or rehearsed
I wreck emcees whether I'm last or first
What, what, what, what
Hazardous dart, visual long forgotten art
That fell apart, til the blood ran from the heart
Pump through the street, RZA make re-break beats
Packed seats, rapid fire raps at off track meets
And an arm tank, high rank, heavy metal shank
Blow 'em off the plank when they ships approach the bank
Wu niggas rollin, throwin the first rap slogan
Heroes of Hogan, shot up the military clothin'
Quickly blow up, rolled up in rappers like pennies
My brother stack tracks on the behalf of many
With the wisdom, power of, science from experts
Self applying that put giants in the network
Through compact discs and televised live quotes
We multiply our strength, on a worldwide note
Yes, what, what

Yes, yes y'all, you don't stop
You keep on, til the break of dawn
Ah yes, yes y'all, you don't stop
Ah Wu-Tang known to make your body rock1Embed
Modern vampires of the city, hunting blood
Blood, blood, blood
You coulda from Rema, or ya come from Jungle
You coulda come from Fire House or
You come from Tower Hill
One blood, one blood, one blood

I was rollin, showin my age, unshaven
Rugged with my Timberland boots that paid
I walk with a slight lean from the weight of my heat
Givin a green to shine infra-red beam
At the street traffic light recorders
Takin pictures of our corners
Cameras on the side of the buildings, we destroy 'em
The Chameleon throws cream to children, out the window
We movin in unmarked vans, disguised as a light tan
With plastic faces and rubber hands
Fuck fame, I shoot a hole in a 50 cent piece to test my aim
How dare you call the Gods in vain
Not knowin the seriousness of this and why I came
To Earth, feet first
I dare you lion tame to the beat of the drum
No questionin to the session, I walk with gun
The magnum'll bust his head from many directions unknown
Another statistic, change the ballistics
On the nozzle, make em goggle and swallow
Scrape the craters of the brain for data
Old scriptures on withered paper
Beginnin take shape and form
When the Gods get on it and crash your college dorm
You might also like
You coulda come from uptown, or you come from downtown
You coulda come from outta town, or you come from 'round town
One blood, one blood, one blood
The fussing and fighting
The tribal war, racial war
Cause blood, blood

Now verse 2, even more deadly than the first
Unrehearsed raw footage part 2 for you
I give this dedication, project elimination
Here's a burnt offering, nothing up my sleeve
I'm just vanishin with the vanishin cream
Here's jewels to live by
Identify before you enter and can't leave with weed
Fuck that, we waste no time in search of those who can't breathe
A bomb only has one time to explode
When I break I'm takin everything
Turn the city streets to Dusty Rhodes
Behold this return of the Invincible Tone
Rude like Governor Tuse and King Toustume
Who gave the order to bust 'em?
Don't ask this is Genuine Draft
Blueprint ultimate legit sting international, stone love classical
Comin back, to attack in black fatigue
Wu-Tang and Junior Reid
You coulda come from Lebanon, or ya come from Iran
You coulda come from China, or ya come from Japan
One blooood, one blooood, one blooood

You coulda come from uptown, or ya come from down sout'
You coulda come from outta town, or ya come from ‘round town
One bloood, one blooood, one blooood
The fussing and fighting
Tribal war, racial war
Cause bloood, blooood, bloood

Mothers fighting daughters every day
Fathers fighting sons
Sisters hating sisters
Rappers getting murdered, every day
You coulda come from Lima, or come from Georgia
You coulda come fire outside or come from Hawaii
One bloood, one blooood, one bloooood
You coulda come from Brook-a-lyn, or you come from Bronx
You coulda come from Queens, or ya come from Jersey
One bloood, one bloood, one bloood
You coulda come from Long Island, or ya come from Philly
You coulda from Canada, or ya from from over south
One bloood, one bloood, one bloood1Embed
RZA came and got me, this what I came to do, come on
Ring the bell so it's time to eat
Brick Dog stash weed inta AMI-seats
Bomb inside the palm
Doc rock a wifebeater with me beatin my wife ass ironed on
The front with my pump built like the Klumps
To carry it I take the spare out the trunk
I stay hungry, I ain't worked for days
That's why you see the pump when the curtains raise
Blast! Don't panic
Do I gotta explain how I tame and lock the rapgame single-handed?
Hell nah! I won't tell you son
If I find a wack idea I sell you one
Doc and Hot Nick, Inspectah
My lecture's like Hannibal Lector's
Where's the ketchup?
Don't speak on it, shut ya trap
I see ya whole crew yellow like mustardpacks
Ah woo, Doc in my own zone
You say you got the rapgames sewn, but it's sewn wrong
I ride through ya hood in a Mr. Softee truck
Then pull a mac out a box of snow cones
Yeah, ya little fucks
Gimme ya fucking money!
You might also like*Shout-outs from Raekwon and Ghostface*

Uhuh, check it
I'm hotter than a hundred degrees with my coat on
Playing with a dynamitestick, where did I go wrong?
Somebody pull the fire along when Jonny stomp
If ya lukewarm leavin ya clothes and boots torn
Pro's and con's, megabomb's and so-on's
By Arrid Extra-Dry MC's to get their roll on
First issue got issues
What is hip-hop to Hot Nickles?
It's like Funk Doc to snot tissues, word
Look at my hand and get the third
Finger out ya earhole like: Fuck what you hear
Now that's what I call hardcore, let's act fool
Mr. Fix-It like Handyman I pack tool
I been shitty, I'm from the bowels of the city (New York)
And just because my outfit match don't make me pretty
Baggy dungarees, dick need room to breathe
In a room full of crackers I might cut the cheese
Ain't no rules to the game, if it is we ain't playin
In your business like EPMD, "So What Cha Sayin'"
You co-signin that bullshit yo man tryin
Chaka chaka cha-ta tatat!!
Slugs flyin
*Shout-outs from Raekwon, Ghostface and Inspectah Deck*

Yo, ya
Check, the Kodak pose from magazines to the big screen
Fo' wheel machines like ya wits scream
Kids fiend from the urban to sub-urban
Roll upon me thirstin like: Hey, hey, Mister Dream-Merchant
We roll longer than dice in a casino
Cee-lo in the 4, 5 or 6 with double 0
Behind the tinted windows I lay low
On some hydro tryin to slide from the 5-0
But now I get wild similar to Ol' Dirty
A third time felon just hit with over 30
No worries, style have em so thirsty
First degree heats are quittin on me
Cold turkey, no mercy
I bring the pain of a hundred migraines
But a thousand shoutin my name that's why I came
But first bring the cashburst, then the outburst
My surround sound pound ya ear like Jevon Kearse
I flex muscle outside I find a next hustle
Trouble with ya here and face the TEC-muscle
Even the best buckle win
I take it to the extreme
It gets ugly, but it's what a nigga do to get C.R.E.A.M
This life
*Shout-outs from Raekwon and Ghostface*Embed
Apocalypse Now
Mind over matter, next batter be Tical
Put it on a platter — how much uncut raw shit we dealin' with?
Murder track, what? Slang killin' it, touched
You feelin' it in your bloodstream
Deadly Venomous elixir, hammer like Sledge that be Sister
All In Together Now, follow me the Mister
Mef Candyman: Farewell to the Flesh
Death come in the scripture
2001, bring the rap Armageddeon, let it be known
When you walk up in this Dead Zone with all that wack shit
Now you know you dead wrong, one thousand lashes

Detonate that, pussy Massengil rap; cleanse that
The kid's rank, snatch collars off while ridin' off
Float boat big boys, Oakland A's stashed away blades
Ventilation let the sharks Animaze
Somethin' shiest like seven butcher knives
Rollin' Rover style twice, finger itchy like lice, hair fell out
Something to conquer, stomp ya like that cat Blanka
Toy Tonka truck, ten carat on ya monster
Ring rocky like fuck, switch sides like water rides
The DAT bubble life, preserve the other guys
Now, FUCK Y'ALL! Act wilder!
The style wilder than a praying mantis, chillin' like.. (Long inhale)
You might also like
As my brothers and I reign rebellious, changin' the courses of time
Devils no longer exist as God Cipher Divine
All minds one, no question, now check it
Perhaps we can go through Lessons
Or might shot me a pussy protestin'
Comin' with that lip professin', you must take Allah for fool
Where's his Jewel? Is he usin' Mathematics as a tool?
Tell me, the struggle is God and I came to build
Shit is so real, inside you distilled
Back in the form of mist
You wishin' you did the Knowledge before speakin'
Seekin' where you went wrong
And why would I bring you such physical harm?

Yo! Mind arson, my squadron surround the SoundGarden
Guns for hire, plus you under fire and a target
Sniper in the cypher
I, Pied Piper, move the housing by the thousand, I watched out the Chrysler
Bombs strike ya like the Mighty Thor, blast the door
Recite a page like a tidal wave, crash the shore
Two pulls, I'm wild like mechanical bulls
Pack a full house, it's girls night out, pull a handful
Heavenly laced, stimulation make it feel slow paced
I motivate and await my sober state
Magnificent, heavenly the God stay bent
Five Percent, Range whippin', Soul Controller of the lynch
Mackin', phone rings, Stephen King drama down at Danzine
My mood swings, suplexed off the rope, magazine
Coconut juice, walnut colored shoe, ninth annual
Moses lost his sandal hidin' the manual
Blowin' evangel, buggin' off of Bon Jovi hits
Grandma Lowvey, famous murder weapon was a trophy
Seeds posin' in Osh Kosh, guzzle Grolsch
Sabotage massage, rap bandit at large
Wolverine Carnation Milk, Wu denim jeans
Thurston Howell the Third, kid's back on the scene
Call it chopped meat, 'cause every word is choppy
Malachi crunch all crows to death, Kobayashi couldn't stop me
Gettin' caught up in my world, Häagen-Dazs swirl
Back flip and then a twirl, cave your whole world in7Embed
Coach, put me in the game
I'm for real, for them peoples tryna to put me in them chains
Whatever the topic, let's put it in the frame
We can even load it and cock it and put it in they brains
I'm saying, some rappers do it for a chain
Kill yourself, I know killers that'll do it for some change
These veterans is slipping, they ain't doing it the same
I don't slip, set a pick and put a shooter in your lane
Precise, 'bout shoot them at the range
But I ain't tryna shoot it with you rappers
I'll just shoot it at your dame
Y'all never should have threw me in the game
Found a new word for weed, that was so mean
I threw it in my name

My song banging loud on the block like arms spraying
The law hating, warring like Blacks and Caucasians
God versus Satan, I'm laying in the dark
With the Mossberg waiting, letting off first basing
Slim from the cotton club washing a scrub
Deuce high when he cruise by, spotting his love
Hold the mic like a .38 muzzle to snub
This flow, call it OJ blood on the glove
Above rap, capital Gs speak on the facts
Please believe that, meaning that I keep it a stack
He's back, he a beast on the track
The only time that I go soft is probably with your freak in the sack
Feel the bass make sure he shake, murder verse, first forty-eight
Manslaughter, nearly caught a case
I crack heads more than base
Stack bread when I orchestrate, that said y'all the bass
You might also like
No matter what the weather, we be getting our cheddar
So we can have a better tomorrow
Oh, money, cars, superstars, getting ours, working hard
For a better tomorrow

I seen niggas sniff coke through a crazy straw
Come out they shirts sweating bullets with the Bobby Brown jaw
Dry mouth, grinding back and forth plus he's steaming a Newport
We all holding the torch
Few staircase murders, some burners don't blam right
Guns that kicked around the wall you better stand tight
Full of X, AKs, whiling in lobbys, bulletproof PJs
Fuck around and get spunned like the DJ
CSI traumatized by viewing the instant replay
SpongeBob niggas get scars nigga
I'm off style in any section of the hood I'll pull your car nigga

No matter what the weather, we be getting our cheddar
So we can have a better tomorrow
Oh, money, cars, superstars, getting ours, working hard
For a better tomorrow

See ignorance wouldn't allow retreat
So you rather pursue death than admit defeat
See ignorance wouldn't allow retreat
So you rather pursue death than admit defeat
I used to be so narcissistic, park the whip and spark the biscuits
Spit hollow tipped shells at the Narcs with quickness
Live to tell the tale cause only God's my witness
Been a long time, change gonna come son, I'm optimistic
I hold the steel like Ron O'Neal
Super fly, do or die, Killah Hill, Brownsville
Never ran, never will, yes I can, yes I will
Put a dot upon your knot then I drill through your grill
Like a dentist, my apprentice speaks with a vengeance
Demented scientists count bodies inside the trenches
That's judges off the benches, got inches for y'all wenches
We plant those hot seeds that grow in cold winters

No matter what the weather, we be getting our cheddar
So we can have a better tomorrow
Oh, money, cars, superstars, getting ours, working hard
For a better tomorrow

See ignorance wouldn't allow retreat
So you rather pursue death than admit defeat
See ignorance wouldn't allow retreat
So you rather pursue death than admit defeat28Embed
Machine-gun rap for all my niggas in the back
Stadium packed, linebacker nigga flash stacks
See through yellow lines, rock a fly jersey in the summertime, God
Magic marker rap, bleed Benetton
Relaxed, wrote this, comin' at you crab-ass culprits
Snatch your ice off, chillin' in the back, throw the lights off
Waves, water blend, rhyme flow in slow motion
Thick snare, I'm feelin' like a snail in the ocean
What's your wish? Wanna Kringle like Kris?
Melodic single, darts snap a nigga just like fish
You fucked up, some rich niggas you done test, yo
Select the wrong apartment and niggas pulled up your 'dress
Style, molest that, Canal chain, nigga, where your vest at?
Flex'll make me wanna bless that, yo
Saddam Hussein niggas, light the torch, we flamin' niggas
Autograph that, flatten all the main niggas

(It's yours) The world in the palm of your hand
(It's yours) Twenty-three million of useful land
(It's yours) The seed and the black woman
(It's yours) Double LP from Wu-Tang Clan
(It's yours) Yo
(It's yours)
You might also like
Super freak physique like Raphael Saadiq
Baby love the ganja leaf every day of the week
Super friends wake up, deluxe gourmet beats
The night is right, I might find me a suite
It's a quarter full moon, I arrive, women swoon
Well groomed, dance hall packed, full room
Lady move, peep my glide, peep my zoom
Keep in stride, smoke the la, smoke the boom
Feel the fumes, consume toxic tunes
Hellbound, species forty ounce typhoon
The ultraviolet scream machine move your body touch
The totem pole wobble, Ark builders, God's thrust
Beams of light, stop your breathin', it's huntin' season
Honey eye-ballin' down for no reason
Grab her close, play post, wind and wax floors
Never mind the laws 'cause tonight, it's yours

Yo, stop the fader of the RAM, blast more watts through my pre-amp
Them camps better revamp their shit or get blamped
At full throttle, hot lead propels throughout my nozzle
Crack your skull like bottles, leave you stiff as models
You fag, you couldn't pull one drag off my blunt
You couldn't punch your way out of a wet paper bag
With scissors in your hands, bitch, the RZA
I stand close to walls like Number 4 The Lizard
And channel through solar panels, blast off like roman candles
Rap vandals, stomp your ass like Wahoo McDaniel
You cocker spaniel dogs can't fuck with our catalog
Put your lights out and leave your brain inside a fog
It's only natural, actual facts are thrown at you
The impact'll blow trees back and crack statues
Million dollar rap crews fold, check the sick shit, explicit
I crystallize the rhyme so you can sniff it
We live this, fitted hats low conceal the crooked eye
No surprise, verbal stick up, put 'em high
Rebel I outlaw, split second on the draw
Blow the door off the shit like bricks of C-4

(It's yours) The world in the palm of your hand
(It's yours) Twenty-three million of useful land
(It's yours) The seed and the black woman
(It's yours) Double LP from Wu-Tang Clan
(It's yours)
(It's yours)
(It's yours)

Check out my beaver, baby blue Glock in the safe
Seen Dorothy in the Garden gettin' skied, row eight
We hold a belt, son, that's my word
Spot a rapper, run him down, throw him out in the third
Yo, check it, I think like the man behind a register
Evergreen smokin' estates, Divine and Power made me treasurer
With third down, six to go, flash his strobe lights
I'm open, RZA hit me off lovely and I love him
With root beer thoughts, here's a tennis court for your birthday
The babyface of rap politic with Sade
Avengin' eagle crooks, rock the W and Spiegel books
Anheuser-Busch kings came through and stopped your whole juks
Spitfire Kangols, watch Tony train a gang of hoes
Painful like hearin' the news like when your man go
Ends blow, windy at times, watch the room
Sexy girl love the shit out the song, now watch her water break
(It's yours) The world in the palm of your hand
(It's yours) Twenty-three million of useful land
(It's yours) The seed and the black woman
(It's yours) Double LP from Wu-Tang Clan
(It's yours)

(It's yours)10Embed
Give me the cue

Skip the introduction proceed to lip function
The junction get rushed by some grimy people busting weed
Splatter your melon like some Attica felons
Use a firearm good, Bloods go for heart swelling
Insert the spasm, yes the dirty herb has him
Thoroughbred thugs insert the phantasm
Verbal smarts, spark the word, visit my scripture
Exotic wine, holding nine Picasso pictures
When the rhyme pivot you now, limit your chance
Bodyguard the lyric with unlimited stance
Words seem to zing on down to Beijing
When we touch down, would you crown renowned kings

There's no honor amongst thieves
Street pharmaceutical stack like Genovese
The Four Devils tempt madmen but not these
We profound hardcore sound to MCs, thumbs down
Prepare Killa Bees it be warfare, this the year
Niggas gotta take you off of here, hold the square
If we go there we go gritty and spread fear
Through this rap city, call the mayor
My razor sharp darts be like cold stares
The smell of fear make my nostrils flare, truth or dare?
Ask yourself can you compare to these niggas in the hood
Johnny B. Goode or he be gone yeah
The struggle goes on, you've been warned
PLO from here to Lebanon, how many bombs
Must we drop in the Ninety-Now?
Walk a mile in my shoes, get the street news from Meth-Tical
You might also like
Glocks'll be spitting, you gots to be kidding
Aiyo kid you gots to be kidding
Or Glocks'll be spitting
You gots to be kidding yo

It's common sense how I master my circumference, you dense
I get locked the fuck up, released on my own recognizance
Can't be judged, young bloods bust back like scuds
Wu-Tang hovers one thousand notches above
MC level, yo, I stay highs like treble
Foes who oppose get plucked like rose petals
Arresting and holding, penetrate forbidden regions
Wack MCs only lasting one season
The morale was low at the corral
Adjective pronouns had no style, your weak proposal
Aim for the official, initial is Ruler Zig-Zag-Zig Allah
All that other bullshit ain't permissible
Annual increase of the Wu-Tang Manual
Handles to keep all this Hip Hop shit tangible
Illegible, every egg ain't edible
My tracks remain 'Unforgettable' like Ol' Nat Cole
Got to catch this paper to buy Shaquasia a glacier
Buy Melchezidek a skyscraper
Understanding the continents of Africa and Asia
And free the Black Man from enslaved labor, Wu-Tang
The weight of the fam is on our back and we can't fall
Victim to this long hall of fame, meaning nothing
We came to punish the glutton with a substance
That can't be contained, Wu-Tang

Motherfuckers
We be seeing y'all asses when we walk up in the club
Y'all all in the back
Scared to speak, we speak cause you scared
Punk motherfucker, we know what time it is

All you been seeing is upsets in the boxing shit, right
It's like come on man
This nigga fucked up motherfucking Whitaker
Dang, he caught Whitaker
He caught Whitaker a long time ago
Mike got touched
Then Mike got touched by Holyfield
Hey Mike's, Mike's gonna forfeit this fight
He ain't fighting McDermit
He ain't fighting
Nope
Whattup
You talking bout he, what he, what he, what he did
Told them he cut his eye, in sparring
Stella D'oro wrap breadsticks, David Berkowitz
Einstein birthed a hit, now nurture it
M.G.M. front row seat tonight, no gems
Purify, cleanse, ran into some beef up in the men's
Fix your sawed off, Wu-Tang tore me off the cross
All you saw was white meat, skin hanging off
These is words from the Arch Bishop, some call it six up
The Betty Crocker Marvel cake, snakes will miss a
Wax janitor, black Jack Mulligan from Canada
Slam dance, tarantula style, you's a fan of the
Monopoly king, Slavic poetry
Carnegie Hall's off the hook, let's push through the armory
Mack truck hitting soloist, Soul Controllers
Behold of the thousand teeth fist, swift and boneless

You know cause Wu-Tang is invincible, you know what I mean
It's Wu-Tang Forever God
You gonna get down with that W
That's that Wu, that's that Wisdom
That's the Wisdom of the Universe
That's the truth, of Allah, for the Nation of the Gods, you know what I'm sayin'
We breaking egg through these days God, you know what I'm sayin'
We got the fucking way
We got the medicine for your sickness
Out here, ya know what I mean
I was telling Shorty like
Yo Shorty, you don't even gotta go to summer school
Pick up the Wu-Tang double CD
And you'll get all the education you need this year, you know what I mean
Their poisoned minds can't comprehend this shit
Word man it's Wu-Tang Forever God, you know what I mean
Niggas can't fuck with these lyrics God, you kno what I'm sayin
Namean
Oh hell no, none of this shit
C'mon man -- beats, lyrics man, y'all niggas
Niggas can't even understand half this shit
I think niggas ain't gonna figure it out til the year Two-G
(Wax niggas ass for free or fee) Word
Yo, you know what
The next Wu-Tang album ain't even coming out until 2000, ya know what I mean
That's just gonna come back with a comet
You hear, we gonna bring a comet
Check for that shit in the millenium
You know what I mean? So, yo, y'all niggas man
Be the resurrection
The Gods is here man
Born Gods is here3Embed
If only we can lay our hands on that vixen Yu Shin Hua
Then all our problems will be over...
Yu Shin Hua!

You thought you'd find my weak spot, but still, you failed

The quintessence, father of the hip hop renaissance
My slang been around before baton and Benetton
I've been on, fingerprint, two finger tips
So when I squeeze the rubber grip, release the clip, then leave the clip
C-Cypher Pigs can't identify it
The true and living God, son, we exemplify it
The most complicated 'formance of life, we simplify it
Bzzz, don't knock it til you try it
Flying dagger, make 'em stagger, then I take a swagger
Ice cold Jägermeister, take a drag of
Humboldt County kush, fly like the Nike swoosh
Bruce Almighty got more problems than Spidey, look
Old Brooklyn, Putnam Avenue crook, I've been tooken
All around the world, rooked it then, drive back in Brooklyn
Good looking, son, yo, don, bring the hook in
You can never find Zig weak spot, stop looking
You might also like
You thought you'd find my weak spot, but still, you failed

From the continents to Croatia, I'll flame a lamester
With the new slang, much more to show ya
These rocks change, Glock fully, hot pellets
Have me running through the hall, it's on, like you being chased by the relic
Can't nothing harm me, yo, I move through any project
With logic, few semi's, hide in the cockpit
Scream out, Shallah and I'ma tap in, harder than Tinactin
Don't try to play the fella, I'll blacked in
Moving all miraculous, the slap smiths of the rap game
Say my name backwards, you'll get back changed
Black man, black hooded, moving through the city
Like you Batman, still you so pussy, like Catwoman
Don't bother the Legion, more squeezing, more reason
To light a new block up, cause me to cement shit
Powerful block shoppers and all niggas getting that guac
Dare you to try to find my weak spot

You thought you'd find my weak spot, but still, you failed
I stay on the sixty-four squares, while controlling the center
Trading space for material, the time zone I enter
It's calculated by movement, from pushed pieces
Advances in development, once the pawn reaches
The 8th ranked, now heavily armed with a tank
My opponent's base is threatened, soldiers cut with shanks
Moved all my small pieces, emcees are driven back
Unable to avoid capture from the attack
Such movement, is naturally quite unsound
Men is badly placed upon dangerous grounds
Loosening their position, before they were strongly posted
Before the double rooks had approached it
They must've been quick to ignore the principles
Rock a V and an effective God is invincible
A strategic plan, just the way I envisioned it
Many fallen soldiers in complete imprisonment
You thought you'd find my weak spot, but still, you failed

I tell you, right, right, right, in ya muthafuckin' face
Muthafucka, you know, well, you know muthafuckin' well
When…we don't play that shit, or, I don't play that shit
That's just Wu-Tang. You know, I'm the nigga
That...that, give it to ya raw
When I said "First things first, man, you fuckin' with the worst
I be stickin' pins ya head, like a fucking nurse
I'll attack any nigga who slack in his mack
Come fully packed with the fat rugged stack
Shame on you, when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard straight from the Brooklyn Zu"2Embed
Ladies and gentlemen, we'd like to welcome to you
All the way from the slums of Shaolin
Special uninvited guests
Came in through the back door
Ladies and gentlemen, it's them!

Dance with the mantis, note the slim chances
Chant this anthem, swing like Pete Sampras
Taking it straight to Big Man On Campus
Brandish your weapon or get dropped to the canvas
Scandalous, made the metro panic
Cause static with or without the automatic
And while I'm at it, yo, you got cash, pass it
It's drastic, gotta send half to Dirty Bastard

Ayo, ayo, waves is spinning, blades is spinning
Slay 'em in the eighth inning
Stay truck, god stay playing linen
Kill rap, observe the uptowns, ho, feel that
Mink jeans on, seen where the real at
2000 Zitos, moving with a ill ego
For real, for real, ill lines, ill people
Yo, bring it back, 9 more civilians
Pollying deals, monopoly and bills, y'all niggas lying
Caught 300, lab look royal wit a mean stomach
Go broke, all seen, done it
Words from the heavy set
If I don't eat
Then we already met fly-ass bro, liver than coke
You might also like
Now what Clan you know with lines this ill?
Bust shots at Big Ben like we got time to kill
Niggas can't gel or I'm just too high to tell
Put on my gasoline boots and walk through Hell
With 9 generals, 9 ninjas in your video
9 milli blow, semi-auto with no serial
Man metaphysical, I speak for criminals
Who don't pay they bills on time and fuck with digital
Never seen, smoke a bag of evergreen
My sword got a Jones, more heads for the severing
Johnny in the dungeon, taking all bets, throw ya ones in
Scared money don't make money, throw ya guns in

That's word to Damo, San Juan, Puerto Rico
Blowin hydro on a beach wit Tamiko
My gun bullet hollow for you to swallow
Blowin' the nozzle, hear it whistle
One in the head, this is code red, man for dead
X amount of lead spray from the barrel
Heat clear the street like Connor O'Carroll
Fully equipped, rifles, banana clip shit
To make my niggas from East New York flip

Yo, you may catch me in a pair of Polo Skipperys
Matching cap, razor blades in my gums (BOBBY!)
You may catch me in yellow Havana Joe's goose jumper
And my phaser off stun (BOBBY!)
Y'all might just catch me in the park playin' chess
Studyin' math, signin' 7 and a Sun (BOBBY!)
But you won't catch me without the ratchet, in the joint
Smoked out, dead broke or off point (BOBBY!)
Wallo's comfortable, chocolate frosting
Your socks hangin' out, yours is talkin'
Rock so steadily, son, I'm still crazy
Sport my old Force MD furs from the 80's
Nat Turners wit burners, Jackie Joyner-Kersee
Taught y'all niggas how to rap, reimburse me
Rothsdale's, ruby red sales, Bloomingdale's, blocks
Ox tails chopped up in Caribbean spots
I'm nice, maxed out, creepin' wit the ax out
Murder these bikini bitches, switchin' with their backs out
Niggas wanna pop shit, I pop clips
Bitch, I'll put my dick on ya lips
Alabama split, hammer slay quick
That David Banner gamma ray shit
Shells in the mouth, jailhouse snitch
My powder voice, Snow White sniff
Verbal killas, gorilla grip
God body shit, puff Marley spliffs

You might see me in a 6, that's not my style
You might see me wit a bitch, that's not my child
I be in the benzo, keep a low profile
Dead serious, take flicks and don't smile
Tryna get money, y'all cats is wild
I pose for the clothes, make a song like wild
I'm a chip off the board game, got sword game
Live life to the fullest, still want more fame
Darts on layaway, beats on standby
Outfits pressed up, ready for airtime
Run on the track like Jesse Owens
Broke the record flowing without any knowing
That my wordplay run the 400 meter relay
It's on once I grab the baton from the DJ
A athlete wit his iron cleat in the ground
Wireless nigga who sprint off the gun sound
The best time yet still 7.0
Swift flow made the cameramen clothes blow8Embed

Huh—after all these years, what you said was true
The Shaolin and the Wu-Tang is very dangerous

Hahahahahah
It's the ODB, kid, once again, coming through your area
And I'm going to tell you one time; you gon' love this
I had to get the money, said it wasn't a choice
Die Hard's on the bars, Ladies lovin' the voice
Morphine flow, numbing your joints
Bomb a nigga like he number 81 from Detroit
Zombie life, World War Z
Antidote to your virus, your highness, the world on me
Capital G, cool as the dude from Dos Equis
So deadly, I don't make it rain, I snow heavy
Sick lane, Nic Cage how I ride with fire
Forever with bars, sort of like a lifer
With the son of anarchy, I be breaking bad
Walking dead, day dreaming of making a band
Dancing with the stars, Americans idol me
The mentalist with the Big Bang Theory
You might also like
Still number one, still number one, still number one, one, one
Still number one, still number one, still number one, one, one

The most duplicated, anticipated, validated
Urban legends in the books with the ones who made it
Highly celebrated, everything was work related
Current top 40 got the Wu deep in all their business
20 years Killa Bees, yeah, we hold the pennant
Monumental stance on the cover with my co-defendants
Drop her sentence, in remembrance
Construct these jewels so they can live through my descendants

Youngun, I can see your draws, pull your pants up
Can't even call yourself a man until you man up
And if you call yourself a fan you need to stand up
This ain't a party, it's a jux, keep your hands up
And I don't care who runs the city when the summer come
Your summer's done, Wu forever, and we're still number one

Still number one, still number one, still number one, one, one
Still number one, still number one, still number one, one, one
Picture a nigga on the strip getting rich off the drug shit
Putting other niggas on, teaching ‘em thug shit
Then they want stick 'em up, then they get slugs quick
Hood-type niggas always living that crime life
Jealous-ass grimy niggas seeing the limelight
Slimy old nigga like fucking your man’s wife
Fool shouldn't use the word brother, he man dyke

Yo, I spin my web all across New York
Get it out in all types of ice, there's a sport
One chain, two chain, three chain, four
Niggas mouth's drop like the leaves in the fall
Tone got that WBC
I take off heavy in air balloons and land in the Fiji's
That's my bird and that's my word
You faggots keep fucking around and get curbed
(I came to town)

Forms circles like the rings of Saturn
Dust rocks and ice in a particular pattern
Then this fascinating picture has emerged from surface
A wonder of the young world with an urgent purpose
A wild fire engulfing every home
It's history chiseled and carved in every stone
A workshop where skills are learned
Handcrafted and drafted, written works the main concern
Urban center provided with a social structure
And a curious culture full of superconductors
Each stain is part of a scene with
Intricate geometric raps on a larger screen
Spell bounding, marvelous and it's surrounding
Viewpoints remain the same, it's all astounding
A place where the forgotten art is so powerful
A striking image is something that's so valuable
This one's the blackout! Three-fifty-seven to your mouth!
GZA, this is called Ruckus In B Minor
Rae, all those bad times is behind us
Ghost, put that mask on to remind us
Method Man, let 'em know who's New York's finest

Youngun, I can see your draws, pull your pants up
Can't even call yourself a man until you man up
And if you call yourself a fan you need to stand up
This ain't a party, it's a jux, keep your hands up
And I don't care who runs the city when the summer come
Your summer's done, Wu forever, and we're still number one

Still number one, still number one, one, one
Still number one, still number one, still number one, one, one
Still number one, still number one, still number one, one, one

Now I'mma let all you motherfuckers know
Whether you from Brooklyn, whether you from Manhattan
You from Queens nigga
I don't give a fuck, where you be motherfucker!

My lines is like Peruvian coke, go ahead and try one
My recipe is A1 remarkable with my mixture
Rainman mathematician, this city slicker
The finest threads cover my frame, the cloths of royalty
Strive with an army of winners and no pretenders
(*One*) We live free and achieve more
But first we gotta win with no stalemate
The all eye seeing is victorious biz to the sound man

Armored trucks, tanks are bulletproof, been the truth
Loot the track, clear the booth, my thought ready, aim, shoot
My knowledge one twenty proof, let's tear the roof off
Let's spray, M-A-S-T-A
King I Love-Love club, pack stadium rock
I hold the mic snug, split a slug
Black ninja, mask and gloves

Still number one, still number one
45Embed
We scrape y'all motherfuckers, it's my word
When you see us, when you see us flashin' and shinin' and buildin'
And addin' on, y'all niggas just watch, hear me?
Only ones who we got respect for is the niggas that we say peace to
Hear me? Pay attention, put your shoes on, yo

My team be bellyachin', hungry niggas on the swarm again
Piranha nigga bite dick, yo, son, it's on again
What up? He made a move, try to assist it
Listen, kid, yo, you was born to be a pawn, but I'm a bishop
Back to the novel, yo son, it's logical
How you figure, God? What? Float on the track, flip the obstacle
Now my proposal rips the global
From California to courts, it's over, God, told taste the soul food
Remember baggy jeans, Timberlands in November
Shorty called me Santa in December
But guess what? My Wallys got messed up
Autograph pressed up, what? Blessed enough to blow your rest up
We scrape that, Land O' Lake that
Mazola rap will get you sent back
Represent the gentlemens who bent that
Flash medallions like Italians, La Costra Nostra
We movin' through your hood like we supposed to, flexin'
Lexi Diamonds hold the settlement, Tekitha, bust your gun, boo
Like that bad-ass bitch in Dead Presidents
Ad on the billboard store, check it now
You get the gold dick award, it's like jail and it's the sixth floor
Test me, floatin' in the S.E., now, let's see
Half of y'all niggas built your vine from my stress tree
Faggots, homos, yo, my flavor liver than adobo
Stay militant, kid, twist ya like Bolo
You fuckin' idiot, playin' with my Clan but you be fearin' it
Fake one, I'm guaranteed to make you take one
Please, y'all niggas money's gettin' low
But could you come back, though
Set up shop and get the fat glow?
Tired of y'all, mostly inspired by y'all
So what the deal now?
Link up with us or put your shield down, faggot
You might also like
Fuck around, punk (Seven-fifteen)
We battle for cream, nigga (Yo)

You want a pound, crab? Nah, let his hand swing
I ought to punch a hole in his palm with these pointy ass rings
No more said, knew your chump ass was dead
When I saw the .44 reflectin' off your shiny forehead
It's Wu-Tang, nigga, ain't nothing changed, nigga
Still shame on a nigga who tried to run game
Your version of perversion, fuckin' bitches on Persian rugs
Washin' niggas like detergent, it's the surgeon
Slugs propels from Bobby Steele's twelve gauge
Front page Daily Chronicle reads
"Hell up in Gotham, take heed and protect your seeds"
You fall like autumn leaves
You lack tranquility in your rap utilities to fuck with the abilities
Race like a sperm cell to the ovary
Microphone post tone like a rotary phone
Ancient poems of poetry
Old scrolls, explosive head bullets
Black hooded, Timberland-footed ninjas
With full metal jacket clips and know how to put it in you
Surrender your goods and your merchandise for no purchase price
I'm certainly a heist for your ice is curtains, advice
Come quietly, Wu-Tang Clan rules society
Because of variety, so maintain your high anxiety
And lead them to defy me, diary, ya irie?
I need eighteen points on my next joint
This high anointed king to make a deal, I be the one to appoint
Steve Rifkind must've been sniffin'
To catch somethin' so dope it left Monica Lynch pussy drippin'
I fuck hundreds of bitches and spent millions of dollars
And built with thousands of scholars
My life saga from the hill to the harbor
Legal 'caine grind like Nicaragua
I gave birth to MCs, thieves and bank robbers
We drove expensive whips and took worldwide trips
And my dick's been sucked by the finest lips
Fancy delicatessens and the world's best refreshment
But none of the above compare to the 120 Lessons
Or my queen and my seed and the homes that I rest in
Enter my zone, get blown in ninety-nine sections
This rhyme has no limitation, this time there's no hesitation
Collectin' minds at the door
You want it, niggas? It's yours, the flavor's raw
What the fuck you think I'm flowin' for? It's rhyme and reason
Bite the bullet, niggas is fowl and it's duck season
We at odds 'til we even, motherfucker
Bad asses, high time, lower classes
Taste mine, straight shots in dirty glasses
Bring it to 'em, room service
Under pressure and mad nervy
Wavin' guns at the clergy
Ticallion, we ain't worried
Keep them sick niggas seven-thirty
Picture this, watch the birdie
These bastards is old and dirty
With sharp hymns that be stabbing you
Pins and needles, needles and pins
'Nuff said, dick in your mouth like Tempest Bled'
As I race track with thoroughbreds, duckin' the Feds

Yo, my ice look fly upon the keyboard, son
Niggas ran up on me, lord, praisin' what we do by the laws
That's right, exile the fake, hit them niggas like weight
Feed 'em food, let the fake evaporate
Reconstruction, that's the whole science on my production
Y'all niggas guess who stuck, son, left his nuts hung
Switch, finger itch, starin' at you like a bitch
Maybe y'all niggas snitch
You's a loner, Adidas shell top while I sip a Corona
Read the Robb Report, then bone her
Buy you some jewels, here's some food
Not necessarily mean to be rude, boo, check out the analoo
We into mushrooms, chase the Heineken, the custom
Baggy jeans, thick ropes, god, slidin' through customs
Chill, y'all niggas know what time it is
James Bond Bimmers behind me on Bacardi Limon
Check out the pitch like Nolan Ryan, he caught a slug for lying
Yeah, you was lying, where the cash? Crying
Militia, rollin' in position
Casa Blanca Cuban link Christian
Lex retali' back whistling
Fake fucks
How dare you rebuild the Wu-Tang Clan against me
For that you’re gonna die
I may not be the one to stop you, but somebody will very soon
Also, the Wu-Tang Clan will rise again
There are many of us, all working for the good of the Wu-Tang4Embed
Brother, I think that necklace is causing you too much trouble

My necklace had the whole crowd on some next shit
The guest list full of real niggas that's hectic
The charm piece made my niggas move like calm beasts
Palm beats, two jostling niggas with long reach
Keep your eyes open for them strong on thieves
Out here looking for ice to put in they teeth
Chain glowing shining and I'm ready for beef
Like my nigga 2 Chainz, cappuccino from the east
From the Wu-Tang Clan, my necklace and my heat
Bang bang, different robe every day of the week
2 Angels, dinner plate, fat dollar sign
Universal flag on, nigga, I got shine


I keep my neck frozen, .45 loaded, please don't approach this
Rope is so ferocious, diamonds that shine in oceans
Keep you arm distant from my carats, silly rabbits
Make me get my barrel, spazzed out and cause havoc
Iced out Cubans, exotic stones from Africa
This the real thing, big bling, the chain swing
Try to swipe mines, that's a no no, the God's loco
Jewelry truckin' fancy spend stacks upon Delancey
Exhaust pipes coughing horse kicks
ACP's dress up the flesh, now the crime scene's gorgeous
My links is unbreakable, told y'all on the Purple Tape
40 inches hang from my neck, nigga, I'm wealthy
You might also like

Why you say that?
It's real, kill a nigga for this shit
Aha, yo relax sis

Dinner plates rings, smothered in 2 pounds of dope
Eric B on the cut when it blings
Scrubbin' chain down in Colgate, double edged bangers
On they hips I wait in the jaw break
The snakes and the violators, Dracula style takers
We got a bunch of gold balls, but we ain't the Lakers
Hey bitches, stay lickin' my necklace
And I ain't even put the dumb bitch in the guest list
That's what you get when you throwin' on Cuban's
Drawers that's made from silk, a robe and a Ruger
Crack heads catchin' a sweet vix on a scooter
Catch me for my chain, it belongs on a shooter
Lucky my shit blow like a horn on a tuba
You might as well do me now cause I will do ya


God-Cipher-Love-Divine in math 79
Bright yellow and dense in its gift and shine
Still the same when exposed to air and water
Like when amongst thieves you  travellin' across the border
The brink of the metal link when in transition remains solid
The message was lost in transmission
That's often in a free elemental form
Nuggets and grains and rocks and things that's norm
Malleable ductile metal on many levels
Get you shot for a Flintstone, killed for a pebble
Lieutenants and Generals move with criminals
The pride for all in line, they hunt for mineral
The scope is on the rope, claws on the table
Brass knuckle, knees buckle, legs unstable
And it's sold by the weight
Shaped into a plate with food on it
The hungry wolves lie in wait

Tu Tin-To. So you're the tigers of Tinan, bastard, you're gonna pay for this, you'll die here. I'll use the tiger strike to kill you all. I'll show you the three different strokes. Forest Tiger! Win Tiger, Winmau Tiger!28Embed
I am happy to join with you today in what will go down in history as the greatest demonstration for freedom in the history of our nation. Five score years ago, a great American in whose symbolic shadow we stand today

Look, homicide is illegal, death is a penalty
Never let go when you've got ahold of your enemy
Eagle claw cobra clutch by any means necessary
I’ll never let it go, see my shadow ninja mic flow
I throw a great archer dart arrow to your temple
Almighty bow of Ulysseus the indigenous
Plan of the Wu-Tang Clan became a world brand
We never let it go, we talk a half a mil a show

Never let go of your mind
It’s a terrible thing to waste
To lose, but it’s very hard to find
Being that ignorance is lethal
We must touch hearts, tune souls, harmonize the people
Never let go of your plan, execute
So when you shoot, inspire everyone on the land
Never lose knowledge of yourself
For it may become risk to your health
And great loss of wealth

Never let go of your cream, never let go of your dream
Players retire, but they never let go of the team
If you a rider then you never let go of that thing
Pull up your mans’ like you better let go of that bling
This life’s crazy, too many life sentences, maybe
Fatherless babies on the block but they father 380
That’s just the hood lately, never let go
I’m what the hood made me
Momma told me to find a good lady
You might also like
Never let go of staring at the death
Like yo, that's your best blow
I still hold on like En Vogue
The cold go to war with the heat
Eyes wide, never falling asleep
All the talking is cheap
Call'em, ultimate warrior, W.W.F
I come up victorious, struggle is nothing to Deck
Set it straight for the seeds, to see a better new
Take the real life by the rings and I ain’t letting go
I ain’t letting go

No matter what the odds be
No matter how hard we
You never let go

Never let go of the fight, never let go of the mic
My honesty, my values, my loyalty, my pride
And memory of those who have passed to the other side
Never letting go, I’m never letting go of my beliefs
My faith, convictions, real
Both hands holding on, never let go the wheel
We hood legends, misunderstood
These lessons, learned
Growing up for manhood
Keep focus on the prize what you better do
A little taste of heaven, sunshine is where we headed to
States what’s ahead of you, always on the schedule
Smoke the gold leaf down to the residue
Letting go, is something that I never do
Those who let go, live life regrettable
Never let go of your hope or your rope
Eyes on the prize, never let go of the scope
When I’m in jail, never let go of the soap
Hold on, boy, never let go
Never let go, the all-eye-seeing, the supreme
Never let go the love of your seeds, or your queen
Never let go your heart, or the place you started
The feeling that I had, Wu-Tang had just charted
The old earth departed, I give thanks to the martyrs
I never let go the love I have for thy father
Never let go the glow
The more I know the more that it shows
I won’t let go, even if I decompose
Your seed will carry it on, we need to carry it on
Pass the baton, life is just the marathon
And ain't' playing to win it, it’s an epidemic
Never let go, that’s what the god recommended


And there will be neither rest nor tranquility in America. The whirlwinds of revolt will continue to shake the foundations of our nation until the bright day of justice emerges. Who stand on the warm threshold which leads into the palace of justice. For many of our white brothers, as evidenced by their presence here today, have come to realize that their destiny is tied up with our destiny. And they have come to realize that their freedom is inextricably bound to our freedom4Embed
Wake up... wake up
Wake up...

Wake up, get a hold of your life, go get your cake up
The motto in the streets is you eat, or you get ate up
Straight up, you tired of waiting, go get your weight up
My peoples tired of waiting for reparations to pay us
Screaming Jesus can save us, I, I get the Bentley if I save up
But that's just another trick to enslave us
Push the minimum wages
Put, put our fathers up in them cages
Then watch out when mother struggled to raise us
But, but my ambition won't let me live in this poor condition
That doesn't care about color, creed, or your religion
Priests, politicians gotta listen to opposition
From my position, we still ain't got a pot to piss in
From my position, we still ain't got a pot to piss in

Allah said to save the babies from the cold
Pour wisdom in the cup so the truth overflows
Still, knowledge is that bread that keeps us well-fed
Old time religion will not bring us satisfaction
Without action now who can disagree with me?
God is not a mystery, there's nowhere in history
That you could show and prove to me
But still you face east and nod your head to me religiously
I'm G-O-D, to infinity, for real
You might also like
The world won't get no better
If we just let it be
The world won't get no better
We gotta change it yeah, just you and me

Poor reparations, the Bush administration
Unequality, martial law, segregation
False hood, false teaching, false education
Now's the time for us to come amongst this nation
They deceiving us, they don't believe in us
They believe in that Cream like Julius Caesar
I'm like Marcus Garvey, Malcolm X with the heaters
Ripping the chains of the remains of all of the leaders
Never worship the image of evil swine eaters
I'm on the back of the bus with two fine divas
We in the jungle of life, but never jungle fever
I'm God-body all day long, spiritual life lessons
That I recite in this song
Trying to wake up everybody, can't we all get along?
For all my people that's out there persevering through the storm
Black fist, Staten Island, stand up, stand strong
Penetrate through the gate and bring the Clan along

The world won't get no better
If we just let it be
The world won't get no better
We gotta change it yeah, just you and me
Wake up and realise the times
That we living in the world is getting more iller than ever
Thought we was chillin', striving change for the better
But it was a dream like Martin Luther
He had a vision that could move a mountain
Protect one another, that's world to my brother Malcolm
As-salamu alaykum, alaykum as-salam
We want justice, police supposed to protect and serve
And then they shoot us down like wild animals
The nerve of them cold-hearted killers
With blue suits slaying our black youth
The earth cries from all the blood that's being spilled
We need a solution fast, get InshAllah bill
Let me educate them, translate it meaning God's will
It goes all in together, together how we are
To stand with a plan, provided we down to fall
And that's the Willie Lynch tactics that separated the masses
Taught us all to think backwards


The world won't get no better
If we just let it be
The world won't get no better
We gotta change it yeah, just you and me
We gonna change the world (x5)27Embed
Feelings. The emotional side of a man, woman or a child's character. A response or tendency to respond. A belief, which can be vague, illogical, but mostly, irrational

I never gave a fuck on how the next nigga felt
I rocked a heavyweight belt cause that's the way I felt
Still feel, so inspired to write a rhyme that's ultimately
No other emcee could get with me, is way I felt
Don't forget the first time you heard me rhyme the way
The first time you heard "Protect Ya Neck", the way you felt
Like no other hip hop record ever made you felt
Cards dealt, played my handle, when no matter how I felt

Every time we touch the mic, you know our lyrics is felt
Worldwide, live, polaroid shit, all my homies is
And we ride out to all of our music is
Yeah, we gets busy, teach the youth  because we know how it felt
Give em Knowledge of self expressing in a way that it's felt
So each and every person to recognize what they felt
Watch your mind state because the evil could be felt
You never know, how when I first came out, how my brothers felt
I've been going through it, plus a lot of deep pain was felt
We would last for a night, but a better tomorrow

I felt the angel of death breathe
When I felt the four fifths something told me squeeze
I felt like it was the end of a dynasty
Like I was fighting a clique of five Chinese thieves
Karate slippers with slip on's so I kept slippin'
The floor was too smooth felt like I couldn't catch a grip in
Felt like Dragonfly Jones, was Dragonfly Tone
So I kept spitting, woke up when I heard the phone
You might also like
I never gave a what on how the next rapper felt
I take that rapper's belt myself, I feel how Cappa felt
I don't really need help, use a sharpie, don't need the felt
Marker, walk on water, I see how Jesus felt
No rhyme or reason, just bleeding, my every breathing's felt
This about a thesis that even paraplegics felt
These boys ain't needing, they barely breathing, believe it, seen it
Till you got cheated, you couldn't tell me how cheating felt
I'm not a failure, I couldn't tell ya how losing felt
Might not have nailed her, but I can tell ya how spooning felt
Remember when you first heard the rap and the way it felt
I burned the track with a murder rap and I know it's felt
2Embed
We will fight till the night is done
We will live our lives tonight as one
We will live our lives tonight as one, one

I'm a bad mother, shut your mouth
Insanity, DVD, how I stretch 'em out
What the stress about? INS best out
Fact, you knew that before he left the house
Fresh at the produce section
Gaze at my shine like a showroom necklace
Death wish, stepping in Deck's direction
I'm checking niggas like test questions

Across 110th now, cross Belmont and Montauk
Camera hawk hawks the sidewalk
When they get to flexing muscle niggas bust you
Hustlers do you, gave you your first toolie
Cutting out of school to pump your first loose leaf
Think graduate to wait, take it out of state, duct tape
Anything of pulse and heroin
Emcees frozen, cuban link chains are golden
I'm owning everywhere I'm holding it up, to keep it raw
Math here, I got 'em keep coming back for more
You might also like
Yo, man, I'm so turned up, all the marijuana burned up
Y'all don't want the drama, word up
The Wu first up, the game is the world versus us
Y'all was good 'til the world heard us
Y'all ain't want them Clan birds up
Y'all don't want your man served up, that'll get the fans worked up
Homie really wanna play, stir it up
I'ma catch me a wave, surfs up
Gliding on the track like this, make me wanna act like this
Make me wanna smack that trick
Make a killer really wanna yap that kid
If he opens up his yap that's it

We will fight till the night is done
We will live our lives tonight as one
We will live our lives tonight as one, one

Mass of minerals in a glass house
Playing 4th the Wu neutrinos will blast out
Letting out verbal thunder bolts
Until the world attract old and younger folks
Charge with the vitality of magnetism
In large reality with massive rhythm
The manual without technical part
From the beginning give off an electrical spark
I respect you if you respect me
Everything's for real, WTC
No fake ass shit, don't front the Remy
Break bread, never have pockets empty
Let's get it, flip it up then we can spend it
The money train, Killa Beez on your brain
W's everywhere, one on your chain
Homeboys for life, please don't change
You can hide at my house, it ain't no thing
If you see the pigs, don't say jack
Call me original, don't say cap
I'm on the low, might be at the murder
Holding off the place y'all cats never heard of
Yeah, chicks wanna peep me out
Nasty ass, want me to pee in their mouth
But now I'm out, about to link with sticks

We will fight till the night is done
We will live our lives tonight as one
We will live our lives tonight as one, one

Bang a few notes up top, we call it beast mode
Forget the street codes, show you like a deep throat
It gets rougher, you suffer from the heat stroke
Blast barrels, embrace my leaf smoke
Park Hillians radio for back up
Polish your act up, nigga need a back up
Syrup in my cup, no cut, straight up
UG's on the court, never miss a lay up
When the emcees came to live out their names
Some rode the bus, some rode the train
Some motherfuckers wish they never came
When they met the nine swordsmen of Wu-Tang
Nine Maseratis pulls up to this party hard
Body, the party is filled with Godbody
There out of shape models coming through with those bottles
And double D's please, all eyes follow
Pass me a bucket of ice, that's nice
Hit with the vodka, what you say proper
I drink with the copper, show up in a chopper
Stop her, she wanna have a ménage à trois
I can tell by the bra, RZA Ra-KZA-Keem is all is Allah
Do you wish or wish upon a star? Do you wish or wish upon a star?

We will fight till the night is done
We will live our lives tonight as one
We will live our lives tonight as one, one2Embed
Enter the Wu-Tang zone
Enter the Wu-Tang zone
Enter the Wu-Tang zone
Enter the Wu-Tang zone

We don't hunt deer
Vegetarian dishes from the concierge
Presidential suites, presidential treats
Brazilian models, oilin' up my feet
10 days a month, my girl pays for lunch
3 days a week, we work out at Crunch
Time after time, line after line
Our stock increases, rhyme after rhyme
In the valley, of San Fernando
Found Q-Tip's wallet in El Segundo
Prolly been spotted on Telemundo
With more wild cards than a box of Uno
That spin like propeller, my dog like Old Yeller
Holler at the moon, my goons at Coachella

Enter the Wu-Tang zone
Enter the Wu-Tang zone
Enter the Wu-Tang zone
Enter the Wu-Tang zone
You might also like
I got my hands in the pot, 500 grand in the yacht
I'm the dope man with plans to expand on every block
Wu-brand, legendary hands, hard as penitentiary rock
Now put that to your temple, the Wu symbol's 'bout to drop
Insert the beam on my Glock, got that lean in my bottle
What that mean? High self esteem, straight cream on the top
Ridin' chops similar to UFC kickbox, kick rocks
Dirty trucker pit stops, shit, grams in a Ziploc
Watch how the pitbull lock his jaws, then lock your doors
Feds watch the boards, hip hop spills out my pores
I be raw, for fourscore plus 7 more
The Clan rock the tours, we be them reservoir dogs

Pioneer the frontier
Pioneer the frontier
Pioneer the frontier
Pioneer the frontier

Guaranteed I bang hard
I plan to leave the game large, no brainwash
The devil himself could not persuade God, my blade's sharp
Circle my square, I dare you Braveheart
Before I leave your head in your hands, what's your name, huh?
My lines get in your cells like 7 Ls
Any problem, I address you like I'm sendin' you mail
Let me do well, they'd rather see me dead or in jail
But let it be my life story if they ever do tell
Know I died for what I live
An intimate connection for that infinite reflection
That's my wife and my kids, there's a price on my lid
So now my stock's high and shots fired
My niggas who was tight with the kid
I'm hot as Hell's Kitchen with the oven on
Deck bomb, teflon the rappers nothin' to a don
If I'm frontin' then respond if not, throw up your arms
It's the Killer Bee swarm and your set, the fuck is y'all?
You entering the 36, mastering the 18
Sliding across chamber sixth, hands down that'll crush bricks
Backs that’ll break bats, this is what y'all wanted back
Classic Wu RZA track with Mathematic actual facts
That weigh heavy, the universal striking attack
Dance the drunken medley, long axe blade, machete
The shadow stepping ninja

Pioneer the frontier
Pioneer the frontier
Pioneer the frontier
Pioneer the frontier2Embed
The only girl that could ever please me
Was the daughter of a preacher man
The only girl that could ever please me
Was the daughter of a preacher man

Yo, pa, I got a lady, I'm 'bout to make her my baby
Might even make a baby, the thesis makin' her crazy
She know my style wavy, I'm circlin' her Mercedes
Father, father was a preacher, I'm almost certain he hates me
But he ain't gotta date me and look, his baby is grown
And she decides on her own who resides on the throne
I'm her king, she my queen, we keep it right in the zone
And she understands the fact that I'm even right when I'm wrong
When she was prayin' in church, I was playin' in dirt
That's 100, I admit that we both was playin' at first
When opposites attract, I ain't always sayin' it works
I'm just sayin' ain't no use in me strayin', that make it worse
It's Wu-Tang, baby, my crew bang
And she's the preacher's daughter, I just call her my boo thang
And we tighter than shoestrings, or 10 grand in rubber bands
Man, sometimes I tell your parents just don't understand

No. yo, you mean Pastor Brown's daughter?
The preacher, the rich slave-maker of the poorer?
I used to see her Sundays comin' from church
We used to kick it at her window when her pops at work
Yo, her parents didn't play
She couldn't even come out to play on a school day
Thought she was gonna give me some on April Fool's day
(But no, no way) nah, (no, no-no, no-no, no-no way)
You might also like
The preacher's daughter, she an illegitimate child
She know the Word, but she be runnin' in them streets foul
She married to a man, but she's crushin' his brother now
See her in the market place loud and boisterous
With tight spandex on, chokin' her oysters
She a seductress in the form of a goddess
Never virtuous or modest, poison the part is
Breakin' the vessel, turn brother against brother
Man, that's how she molest you
That's why the preacher man prolly a mess too
Cause the fruit that she devourin' is evil
Never sin around righteous people
Black widow, preacher's daughter comin' to eat you

The only girl that could ever please me
Was the daughter of a preacher man
The only girl that could ever please me
Was the daughter of a preacher man
The only girl that could ever please me
Was the daughter of a preacher man
The only girl that could ever please me
Was the daughter of a preacher man

I met her on the bus stop with black eyes
That's why she said she don't fuck with black guys
I cleaned her up, fed her all my wisdom
Her father spit the gospel but she never caught the vision
Brutal ass whoopins, always facin' these evictions
So she only fuck with thugs that'll wind up in the system
Them greasy bastards quick to squeeze a ratchet
Never knew the science of virtue, Ecclesiastes
Like, a time for peace, a time for war
A time to laugh though, she never felt God before
Eternal love that'll pop like a kernel, this is grown folk talk
Between me and her, it don't concern you
The only girl that could ever please me
Was the daughter of a preacher man
The only girl that could ever please me
Was the daughter of a preacher man
The only girl that could ever please me
Was the daughter of a preacher man
The only girl that could ever please me
Was the daughter of a preacher man5Embed
If a miracle could save us from
The travesty that we've become
If a million sons would stand as one
We will overcome, overcome

The whole world trippin', listen it's still a cold world
The other day I had to bury my homegirl
Wrong place, caught one in her face
Plus her man's on the run and couldn't come to the wake
For Heaven's sake, you pray God open the gate
In this modern day Sodom, that's their only escape
10 year olds are cold, no, they don't hesitate
2 up a G pack, he chose the whole 8
Catch a 5 to 10 sellin' 5's and 10's
And the police informer was your childhood friend
In the real world, gotta hustle for your dream
Extend your clips, fit the muzzle with the beam
For the love of cream, it's nothin' but routine
Swing on the judge, take a couple for the team
He's the young Capone, he grew up in a drug home
Stranded on the Ave with a blunt and his gun shown

If a miracle could save us from
The travesty that we've become
If a million sons would stand as one
We will overcome, overcome
You might also like
A live scene theme from a Godfather saga
A Martin Scorsese classic and I'm the author
Drama at the opera, crime story novel
Tuxedo suit and silencer on the nozzle
Meeting place scheduled at the Broadway musical
Bravo, we arrive in bulletproof limo
Shotgun, the underboss of our main source
Of interest, the black widow cocaine empress
A princess rich from her family's inheritance
Now let's talk business, begin by addressin' the bricks
That was missin' in the last shipment
At first, everything nice, everything routine
Jocks lining up the food, we blessed him with the cream
But on this day he wasn't ready and my God sense keen
I noticed that his normal firm handshake shook
It wasn't steady when he squeezed

If a miracle could save us from
The travesty that we've become
If a million sons would stand as one
We will overcome, overcome

He went from prince to a king out of a life of rubbish
Wearin' tailor-made suits, Sky Dwellers and clusters
To perfection, rags to riches, the evil's done influenced
That pushed him off the edge, they said the greed made him do it
You're my right hand, damn, he fucked the trust up
It's ruined, niggas caught him slidin' on his belly
I'm grippin' on my hammer with the silencer twisted
Contemplatin' murder now, I'm 'bout to swerve on my biscuit
But it's my man at the same time, I don't wanna do him
He violated, broke a major code, bar what you stealin' now
It's over, in the falls of Niagara, he was soakin'
With a shell case stuck in his head, they found him floatin'
If a miracle could save us from
The travesty that we've become
If a million sons would stand as one
We will overcome, overcome

Allah let me lay in your arms
Hold me like a newborn
Sing to me the most sweetest song
The exalted, the most benevolent
The knower of all
Keep me safe 'till I return back to your residence
This Earth, my place of birth
As time went through the ages it got worse
Sicknesses, beheadings in Syria
Ebola's killin' my people, it's gettin' scarier
Most foods ain't even real, the chip is here
Deadly fluids bein' released, contracted through air
Dear God, it been a minute since I cried out
Since mama died, I never wild out
We need help like the phone's 'bout to die out
Can you hear me? Can you hear me now?
We need a miracle
Destroy the FDA for holdin' back cures
So they can get paid
If a miracle could save us from
The travesty that we've become
If a million sons would stand as one
We will overcome, overcome2Embed
Wanna go home and see my wife and kids
I wanna go home and see my wife and kids
I wanna go home
I wanna go home
I wanna go home
Wanna go home and see my wife and kids
I wanna go home and see my wife and kids
I wanna go home

Yeah yeah they want me locked down, fryin' in jail
Before you hear that I decided to tell, I'd rather die in a cell
I was framed like a wedding flick, 2 time felon
Still a predicate, doin' time, tell 'em that's a negative
Prejudice judge, bails be a mil' in cash
Scorin' money like the meter on the Yellow Cab
Give the witness an unexpected visit
Make his story change like walls blockin' his vision
Couldn't give a clear description, fearin' the repercussions
Like, "I was on the ground, I ain't see him bustin'"
Now the DA chasin' a plea, they hatin' I'm free
The case is mistaken identity

Whoever push me like Pusha T, I push back
I push a cap, before '93, I pushed crack
I'm hood, black, you know me well, what's good, scrap?
I'm smokin' rappers, you are a L, what's good Smack?
Hold up that's Goodz rap, pardon self
I just like good rap, but when I see Goodz I give his goods back
I rap for writers that pack strap to rhymers that backpack
To 25 to lifers that jack MAC
We movin' ratchets, no Kat Stacks, it's magic
The way we flip the package before the coppers can catch it
I'm past that chapter in life, let's live it lavish
When life take a piss in your bed, you flip the mattress
Before you try and get in my head, get you some Pampers
Then take a long look at my ish and get your answers
Kick in my vicinity, I'm what rappers pretend to be
Charge 'em with a penalty, mistaken identity
You might also like
Mistaken identity, you highly mistaken me
Check my ID, Wu-Tang, that's the legacy
Mistaken identity, you highly mistaken me
Check my ID, Wu-Tang, that's the legacy

Fresh off of work, he jumped out the van
Two suitcases, dangle from his hands
He opened up the door, headed up the stairs
Thought he heard a noise, but no one else was there
First sight he saw, struck him by surprise
Two shots was given, between his girl's eyes
Windows blown out, no prints on the door
All he seen was blood stains, smear the damn floor
911, ambulance showed up
Blood everywhere, paramedics throwin' up
Cops cuffed him up, hit him with the charge
But he was bangin' Mrs. Prixy at the Motor Lodge
He got his alibis, gonna use 'em all
He screwfaced the judge, he might take the fall
Someone set him up, a botched robbery
Mistaken identity, yeah it gotta be

17 years old, I'm headed back to the hole
I'm mistaken identity, every way was sold
I look like a hoodlum, I rock a lot of gold
They lockin' everybody up, ship your ass up the road
I ain't have a 9 on me, they was lyin' on me
Court day with my old bird, they was spyin' on me
Tried to set me up, plantin' coke in my pocket
The beast pat me up, they won't let me off
Na-n-n-n-n-nah it wasn't me
It could never been the G-O-D, not me
You terribly mistaken, son, I ain't the one
We could never look nothin' like, whether near or far sight
What resemblance does he strike? So my mic Fahrenheit
W for my a-alike, your DNA match tight
Even if they bite us, close but not quite
They still tryna get it right, mistaken identity

Mistaken identity, you highly mistaken me
Check my ID, Wu-Tang, that's the legacy
Mistaken identity, you highly mistaken me
Check my ID, Wu-Tang, that's the legacy
Mistaken identity, you highly mistaken me
Check my ID, Wu-Tang, that's the legacy
Mistaken identity, you highly mistaken me
Check my ID, Wu-Tang, that's the legacy

Wanna go home and see my wife and kids
Wanna go home and see my wife and kids
Wanna go home..
Wanna go home..
Wanna go home..
Wanna go home..
Mistaken identity, you highly mistaken me
Check my ID, Wu-Tang, that's the legacy
Mistaken identity, you highly mistaken me
Check my ID, Wu-Tang, that's the legacy
Mistaken identity, you highly mistaken me
Check my ID, Wu-Tang, that's the legacyEmbed
Windshield, rappers are like gnats
They're gettin' splattered 'pon the windshield
Fallin' down like London Bridge, my blade split your onion head
Axe that like Paul Bunyan, Meth prefers the gun instead
Bong bong, put a hole inside your head

We keep it rugged
We keep it rough
We keep it real
We keep it raw
We keep it rugged
We keep it rough
We keep it real
We keep it raw

How come the streets don't want me to live?
Plus my niggas keep tellin' me fibs
But the devil done poisoned my wiz
I'm doin' this for my family and kids
I'm tryna be wealthy, take my time right and stay healthy
Said it before but I don't think nobody felt me
Yo tried to understand this hand that this life dealt me
I'm on the verge of a whole new makeover
My fake friends, they can take it like a takeover
I'm ready to eat, I'm ready to grip it
Got enemies everywhere, I got chicks that's wicked
Sick shit, niggas doin' wicked ass wig shit
Bid shit, tellin' jakes that I had the biscuit
Niggas be wantin' my leftovers
I'm like a general that died and lost some of his best soldiers
I burn holsters and I kill that dirt religion
Murk that pigeon and I shoot the television
You might also like
Got that trey pound on you, run down on you
Hard-boiled nigga, Clan top soil
My fam straight royal, I'ma die loyal
When them shooters come for you, better throw your flag at 'em
I'm pure gun oil, let 'em see that hand cannon
Foundation strong, never ride a bandwagon
Andrew Jacksons, hand-to-hand transaction
Cops jumped out, caught him with his pants saggin'
Criminal individuals up in here
Wild like the theme park ride called The Buccaneer
Weed in the Tupperware, throw you off the upper tiers
Suweeee, I got all my niggas up in here

We keep it rugged
We keep it rough
We keep it real
We keep it raw
We keep it rugged
We keep it rough
We keep it real
We keep it raw

Imagine the sound of your face scrapin' up against the gate
Of a barbed wire fence, this is barbed iron fist
Heartthrob, iron dick, hoes slob the knob quick
This is odd, so throw it in your iPod quick
Lifeless activity, constant movement
Buyin' elasticity, such improvement
Sword held to where it collapses inward
Spillin' rhymes if it's Shaolin vineyards
RZA had a mixture, then he added sound to the picture
Co-author rewrote the scripture
Math worked from birth, doubled the net worth
Amplified in the time machine of early Earth
A two-way radio, simple yet complex
Receivers, transmitters, interest to contacts
The emergence of the earliest atoms
Transform to a level extremely hard to fathom
Same soup, different bowl, Wu ceramics
Same group on them large-scale dynamics
A wave triggered the burst, glass was shattered
Galactic matter served on a graphic platter

We keep it rugged
We keep it rough
We keep it real
We keep it raw
We keep it rugged
We keep it rough
We keep it real
We keep it raw
Overachiever, power hungry overeater
I95, whip fly like an overseer
I'm overconfident but some might say I'm overeager
Or overzealous, especially when it's over cheeba
I got a soldier's features, I rock the coldest sneakers
My sneakers' so cold, can't wear 'em 'less you hold the heater
Can't push me over either, that go for dojas
I ain't got no love for posers neither, keep my composure
I'm focused, tryna roll the reefer, let's turn it up
Forget the cope, I'm tryna blow the speaker, that's all he wrote
One verse could turn your soul to ether
It's time you gave me my respects just like the old Aretha
Mr. Meeeth

We keep it rugged
We keep it rough
We keep it real
We keep it raw
We keep it rugged
We keep it rough
We keep it real
We keep it raw
4Embed
You've practiced 20 years? You must be extremely good then
Perhaps, you'll try with me

Come and taste my seasonin', Chef, the cooking that is marvelous
Back over a stove, makin' your mouth water, you starve for this
Exclusive sneakers with hard denim, heavyweight
A neighbor illustrated Alex Haley with paper (paper)
Waves spinnin' like the Titanic, come take a float on
Silky like King Henry VIII’s robe in late spring
Restaurants with skeleton keys, it's big business
Well groomed and elegant posture is real dapper
Status is gigantic, coats is alpaca
Meetings in the Vatican, drinkin' scotch with the Muscle Milk
Praises go to Ason, the dynasty Mr. Russell built
Feed me royal shottas with Glocks, clean 'em with GT Oil
China dolls from Bangkok, we bang 'em, train 'em and make 'em loyal
Trees stank, she come kiss the top of my Yves Saint
Wise-Universal Tang when I bang
Grizzly with the big bank, it's 5 stars, y'all, when I call rank

Egos are somethin' that the Wu-Tang crush
These stupid jealous niggas, y'all 'bout to get rushed
This ashes to ashes to dust to dust
These derelict MC's cannot fuck with us, Lord
Egos are somethin' that the Wu-Tang crush
These stupid jealous niggas, y'all 'bout to get rushed
This ashes to ashes to dust to dust
These derelict MC's cannot fuck with us, Lord
You might also like
Rifles out, bear like the Russian
Octagon tuggin' silk drawers frontin', while her head stuntin'
Mulsannes flood the garage
Man the goats launchin' charge cards from Africa
Catch me in the hookah lodge
Brains linked, twisted Cohibas, say the seeds bang
Coffee pots with graveyard rings, flippin' Gs
Yankee hoodlum on the top of the charts
Dart throwers, they're sharks
Everybody run
When my gun barks

Non-athletic anti-semetic synthetic rappers get no credit
Pathetic septic lines, incompetent styles not embedded
Wu-Tang slang bangs in your brain, this is not genetic, prophetic
Unadulterated talent while y'all talk that bullshit rhetoric

Egos are somethin' that the Wu-Tang crush
These stupid jealous niggas, y'all 'bout to get rushed
This ashes to ashes to dust to dust
These derelict MC's cannot fuck with us, Lord
Where is the money? Ha ha...4Embed
I must tell you that the Clan is a danger to the public
But still for many men just to hear of the name
Fills them with hate and loathing
But why? They've never harmed anyone
I'm afraid they did
*beat drops*
In the past there's something that they would like to forgive
First, I'll tell you about their style, planned techniques
The main style
"Shaolin Finger Jab!"
Yo..
*sounds of fighting*
(Uh-huh)
We are watchin' your whole group
You been busy here
Around the clock, all we need is your orders to move
Met a lot of crosses last night
Young and old!
You been busy here
I respect that!
Yeah, (Ayo), yeah
Chamber Music fuckin' the party up-in (Yo)
Come on! You know what it is
(Thou must bust shots all the time, kid)
(Ayo, ayo, ayo) We're back!
You might also like
Peep The Jump Off, ain't nothin' sweet, get dumped off
Frontin like you won't get deaded and bumped off
Drastic son, master guns that'll run up in plastic ones
And then go, crash in the slums
One tight army, few good men that'll rep
Invade you strongly, Prince of Wales swimmin' on feet
Props'll sell, all yellow L's, cops sleepin' on nails
Niggas get realer than real, yo
Flash the brown, last time was crowned
All navy Woolridge, Wu kicks, movin' them pounds, yo
Last on niggas, great adventures of my niggas
And Castro pictures, sendin' a rash out the kitchens
Like the wind, invite the grin, watch niggas rewrite the trend
Wu niggas did it again, yo
Unhighly, octane, die cast metal frame
Lame, let another man with heat handle beef

Chamber Music fuckin' the party up-in
Chamber Music fuckin' the party up-in

Yo, spark the intro, relevant info
Load up the keyboard, 105 tempo
Most heated battles, I've blasted MCs
Some said that the bullets flew by like angry bees
Wu entered on the level where we would wait and listen
While one flashed metal, eight calculate position
The world snapped, once we combined our rap
Drastic measures, priceless treasures on Nap'
Our swords swing, windchill Mount Aerie
Native plant standin' on the tall-grass prairie
Snares and kicks, off the project bricks
It's no act the producer played the role with drumsticks
The warning came unnoticed
It's like the shot on the dock of the bay
That slayed Otis, the Nine-Lotus
Each one adjust to his own environment
Formulate this great LP, a hundred rounds spent
Niggas bent on the fruitless search for nourishment
They long for this proper guidance, encouragement
Chamber Music fuckin' the party up-in
Chamber Music fuckin' the party up-in
Chamber Music fuckin' the party up-in
Chamber Music fuckin' the party up-in

It be the Lost Tribe, 7 days locked in the dungeon
Foamin' at the mouth, mad dog in this production
The uncontrolled substance got me spittin' up bars disgustin'
The last temptation of the son of David Ruffin
Hold my mic sideways when bustin'
On Judgement Day runnin' through Hell, yellin' and cussin'
At MC's in my circumference, y'all niggas hand-cuffin'
These hoes and ain't read them they rights or nothin'
Keep lustin', yeah and I'ma a keep hustlin'
With Chamber Music fuckin' the party up-in
You know me, every time you kiss that ho you blow me
You blow trial trying to walk a mile in my Sauconys

Chamber Music fuckin' the party up-in
Chamber Music fuckin' the party up-in
Chamber Music fuckin' the party up-in
Chamber Music fuckin' the party up-in
We just touched down, Wu shuttle, private jet
Stepped off the plane, the world wept
Roll with the Witty Unpredictable
Talent All Natural, rock with the Beatles of hip-hop
Mathematical imperial manifestation of greatness
Make wiz's scream and shout at the top of their breath essence
Captured on tape is precious
Bless mic pure deafness, awaken from you sleep mistake
When the God bring rain, hail, snow to the earthquake

Chamber Music fuckin' the party up-in
Chamber Music fuckin' the party up-in
Chamber Music fuckin' the party up-in
Chamber Music fuckin' the party up-in

You've been busy
Are you mastered?
You've been busy
Are you mastered?
You've been busy
Are you mastered?
You've been busy here..1Embed
The technique is ill, son, watch how I spill one
Peace to Biggie, 2Pac, Big L, and Big Pun
Havoc on the streets of Staten, snitches
House niggas, children watch as they produce the same pattern
Somebody raped our women, murdered our babies
Hit us with the cracks and guns in the early '80s
For those that murdered me shall stand before God
To fall at the hands of fate; then, out comes the rod

Bring it back, bring it back, bring it back, bring it back, bring it back

What the fuck is going on? I can't go to sleep
Feds jumping out their Jeeps, I can't go to sleep
Babies with flies on they cheeks, it's hard to go to sleep
Ish bowled two sixes twice, I couldn't go to sleep
Ayo, we deep in the stairs, we carry big guns
Whippy got hit up with the big shit—"bong bong"
Stop at the cheeba spot, then pass the leek spot
Drove past y'all niggas again, you took a cheap shot
Not knowing fucking with me, you get your meat chopped
You thought we fell on our face? You need to be stopped
Call on the chariots! Call on an ambulance!
You better smile, my nigga, you on Candid Cam
Gangsta broad, these be the laws, walk with big balls
Nigga, motherfucking eunuch, I even take which was yours
I'm the nigga that made you, man
When your rap wasn't doing well, I'm the nigga that gave you a hand
You might also like
Don't kill your brother
Learn to love each other
Don't get mad
'Cause it ain't that bad
Look at who you are
You've come too far
It's in your hands
Just be a man
Get the jelly out your spine
Cobwebs out of your mind

I can't go to sleep, I can't shut my eyes
They shot the father at his mom's building seven times
They shot Malcolm in the chest in front of his little seeds
Jesse watched as they shot King on the balcony
Exported Marcus Garvey 'cause he tried to spark us
With the knowledge of ourselves and our forefathers
Oh, Jacqueline, you heard the rifle shots crackling
Her husband's head in her hands, you tried to put it back in
America's watching, blood-stained ink blotches
Medgar took one to the skull for integrating college
What's the science? Somebody? This is trick knowledge
They try to keep us enslaved and still scrape for dollars
Walking through Park Hill, drunk as a fuck
Looking around like, "These Devils!"
I'm ready to break this world down
They got me trapped up in a metal gate, just stressed out with hate
And just give me no time to relax and use my mind to meditate
What should I do? Grab a blunt or a brew?
Grab a .22 and run out there and put this fucking violence in you?
I can't go to sleep, I can't shut 'em, son, I—
Don't let the game make you lose your head
You should be calling the shots instead
The power is in your hands
Stop all this crying, and be a man9Embed
: Fuck yo, we gotta get this fucking loot baby
We gotta get this loot
Yo back, remember back in the days
When shit, everything was all smooth and calm and shit was like
: Smoke that bone, nigga
: Yo man, yo I'm doing it God, I'm doing it man
I'm saying, back in like in '70, fucking '79
: Everybody was on your line man
: Nah, '87, that was my favorite shit God
Polo shit, everything, everything was lovely
Yo get the fuck out the rain nigga
Oh shit, who the fuck is that? Fuck
Ayo Ghost, ayo Rae, what's up with y'all niggas?
Man, what the fuck you nigga, ah

Hey, you know, everybody's talking about the "good old days," right? Everybody! The good old days
Well, let's talk about the good old days!

Know what I'm sayin'?
Take you on this lyrical high real quick
1993 exoticness, know what I'm sayin'?
Let's get technical; where's your bone at?
Get up on that shit, a'ight? Yo!
You might also like
Started off on the island, aka Shaolin
Niggas wilin', gun shots thrown, the phone diallin'
Back in the days, I'm 8 now
Makin' a tape now, Rae gotta get a plate now
Ignorant and mad young, wanted to be the one
'Til I got (Blaow! Blaow! Blaow!) felt one
Yeah, my pops was a fiend since 16
Shootin' that "that's that shit!" in his blood stream
That's the life of a grimy, real-life crimey
And niggas know that habit's behind me
Day one, yo, growin' all up in the ghetto
Now I'm a weed fiend jettin' to Palmetto
In Medina, yo, no doubt, the god got crazy clout
Pushin' the big joint from down South
So if you're filthy stacked up, better watch your back and duck
'Cause these fiends, they got it cracked up
Now my man from up North, now he got the loft
It's solid as a rock and crazy salt
No jokes, I'm not playin', get his folks
Desert Eagle his dick and put him in a yoke
And to know for sure, I got reck and rip shop
I pointed a gat at his mother's knot
(Yo, Rae, don't do that shit, man! Don't do that shit!)
Fuck that!
Dedicated to the winners and the losers
(Dedicated to all Jeeps and Land Cruisers)
Can it be that it was all so simple then?
Dedicated to the 5's, 850i's
(Dedicated to niggas who do drive-by's)
Can it be that it was all so simple then?
Dedicated to the Lexus and the Ac's
(Dedicated to MPV's: phat!)

Kickin' the fly clichés, doin' duets with Rae and A
Happens to make my day
Though I'm tired of bustin' off shots, havin' to rock knots
Runnin' up in spots and makin' shit hot
I'd rather flip shows instead of those
Hangin' on my livin' room wall, my first joint and it went gold!
I want to lamp, I want to be in the shade
Plus the spotlight, gettin' my dick rode all night
I want to have me a phat yacht
And enough land to go and plant my own sess crops
But for now it's just a big dream
'Cause I find myself in a place where I'm last seen
My thoughts must be relaxed, be able to maintain
'Cause times is changed and life is strange
The glorious days is gone and everybody's doin' bad
Yo, mad lives is up for grabs
Brothers passin' away, I gotta make wakes
Receivin' all types of calls from Upstate
Yo, I can't cope with the pressure, settlin' for lesser
The God left lessons on my dresser
So I can bloom and blossom, find a new way
Continue to make more hits with Rae and A
Sunshine plays a major part in the daytime
(Peace to mankind, Ghostface carry a black 9, nigga)
Word up, it's all like that… yeah

It's like this, I'ma start from the top
Inspectah Deck, he's like
He's like that dude that'll sit back and watch you
Play yourself and all that, right?
And see you sit there and know you lyin'
And he'll take you to court after that
'Cause he the Inspectah, that's why he the and
And also he the Rebel I.N.S
You know what I'm sayin'?
And Shallah Raekwon, he the Chef
He cookin' up some marvelous shit to get your mouth waterin'
On some "oh shit"
Then, then it's, then it's the Method Man
It's like mad different methods to the way I do my shit

You gotta smoke a bean in here, anyhow

And I'm tellin' you, mine
Basically Method Man is like
Roll that shit, light that shit, smoke it
And then Baby U, he a psychopathic
He a psychopathic thinker
And and, then we got, then we got the Ol' Dirty Bastard
'Cause there ain't no father to his style
That's why he the Ol' Dirty Bastard
Ghostface Killah, you know what I'm sayin'?
He on some "now you see me, now you don't"
Know what I'm sayin'? And and, the RZA
He the sharpest motherfucka in the whole Clan
He always on point, razor sharp
With the beats, with the rhymes, whatever, any DJ

And the GZA, the G is just the Genius
He, he's the backbone of the whole shit

It's self-explanatory, Genius, word

He the head, let's put it that way
We form like Voltron, and GZA happen to be the head
You know what I'm sayin'?

Yeah, yeah, that's cool
So what's like, I mean what's like
Your ultimate goal against in this in this industry?

Domination, baby, fuck that

Can I say this one? Can I say this one?
Right now, right now, we still, we still
Feel like we ain't get what we want yet
When we get, when we get, when we get a little props
And really really get the way we gotta go
That's when you know it's on
You know what I'm sayin'?
'Cause right about now, I ain't braggin' or nothin'
But yo, the Wu, the Wu got somethin'
That I know that everybody wanna hear
'Cause I know I've been waitin' to hear
You know what I'm sayin'?
But straight up and down, 'til we get the goal
We gon' keep goin'

Yeah, 'cause we tryin' to do all this
We tryin' to make a business outta this, man
We ain't tryin' to-- know what I'm sayin'?
Affiliate ourselves with them fake-ass A&Rs and all that
We tryin' to make our own shit
So that when our children, word
So that when our children, all our seeds and whatever
They got somethin' for theyselves right there

We ain't tryin' to hop in and hop out right quick
Know what I'm sayin'?
We out for the Gusto, and we gon' keep it raw
You know what I'm sayin'? (Word)27Embed
What? Y'all thought y'all wasn't gonna see me?
I'm the Osiris of this shit
Wu-Tang is here forever, motherfuckers
This like, this '97
Aight my niggas and my niggarettes
Let's do it like this
I'ma rub your ass in the moonshine
Let's take it back to '79
I bomb atomically, Socrates' philosophies and hypotheses
Can't define how I be dropping these mockeries
Lyrically perform armed robbery
Flee with the lottery, possibly they spotted me
Battle-scarred Shogun, explosion when my pen hits tremendous
Ultraviolet shine blind forensics
I inspect you through the future see millennium
Killa Beez sold fifty gold, sixty platinum
Shackling the masses with drastic rap tactics
Graphic displays melt the steel like blacksmiths
Black Wu jackets, Queen Beez ease the guns in
Rumble with patrolmen, tear gas laced the function
Heads by the score take flight, incite a war
Chicks hit the floor, diehard fans demand more
Behold the bold soldier, control the globe slowly
Proceeds to blow, swinging swords like Shinobi
Stomp grounds and pound footprints in solid rock
Wu got it locked, performing live on your hottest block
You might also like
As the world turns, I spread like germ
Bless the globe with the pestilence, the hard-headed never learn
This my testament to those burned
Play my position in the game of life, standing firm
On foreign land, jump the gun out the frying pan
Into the fire, transform into the Ghost Rider
A six-pack and A Streetcar Named Desire
Who got my back? In the line of fire, holding back
What? My peoples; if you with me, where the fuck you at?
Niggas is strapped and they tryna twist my beer cap
It's court adjourned for the bad seed from bad sperm
Herb got my wig fried like a bad perm
What the blood clot? We smoke pot, and blow spots
You wanna think twice? I think not
The Iron Lung ain't got to tell you where it's coming from
Guns of Navarone tearing up your battle zone
Rip through your slums
I twist darts from the heart, tried and true
Loop my voice on the LP
Martini on the slang rocks, certified chatterbox
Vocabulary 'Donna talking, tell your story walking
Take cover, kid, what? Run for your brother, kid
Run for your team and your "six can't rhyme" groupies
So I can squeeze with the advantage and get wasted
My deadly notes reign supreme
Your thought is basic compared to mine
Domino effect, arts and crafts, paragraphs contain cyanide
Take a free ride on my thought
I got the fashion catalogs for all y'all to all praise due to God
The saga continues
Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang

Olympic torch flaming, we burn so sweet
The thrill of victory, the agony of defeat
We crush slow, flaming deluxe slow for
Judgment Day cometh, conquer, it's war
Allow us to escape Hell, globe spinning bomb
Pocket full of shells out the sky Golden Arms
Tunes spit the shitty Mortal Kombat sound
The fake false step make the blood stain the ground
A jungle junkie, vigilante tantrum
A death kiss catwalk, squeeze another anthem
Hold it for ransom, tranquilized with anesthesias
My orchestra, graceful, music ballerinas
My music Sicily, rich California smell
An axe kill adventure, paint a picture well
I sing a song from Sing-Sing, sipping on ginseng
Righteous wax chaperon, rotating ring kings
March of the wooden soldiers, C-Cypher-Punks couldn't hold us
A thousand men rushing in, not one nigga was sober
Perpendicular to the square, we stand bold like flare
Escape from your dragon's lair
In particular, my beats travel like a vortex
Through your spine to the top of your cerebral cortex
Make you feel like you bust a nut from raw sex
Enter through your right ventricle clog up your bloodstream
Heart terminal like Grand Central Station
Program fat bass lines on Novation
Getting drunk like I'm fucking ducking five-year probation
War of the masses, the outcome disastrous
Many of the victim families save their ashes
A million names on walls, engraved in plaques
Those who went back received penalties for the acts
Another heart is torn as close ones mourn'
Those who stray, niggas get slayed on the song

The track renders helpless and suffers from multiple stab wounds
And leaks sounds that's heard
93 million miles away from
Came one to represent the Nation
This is a gathering of the masses
That come to pay respects to the Wu-Tang Clan
As we engage in battle, the crowd now screams in rage
The high chief Jamel Irief takes the stage
Light is provided through sparks of energy
From the mind that travels in rhyme form
Giving sight to the blind
The dumb are mostly intrigued by the drum
Death only one can save self from
This relentless attack of the track spares none
Yo, yo, yo, fuck that!
Look at all these crab niggas laid back
Lamping like them gray and black Puma's on my man's rack
Codeine was forced in your drink
You had a navy green salamander fiend
Bitches overheard you scream
You two-faces, scum of the slum, I got your whole body numb
Blowing like Shalamar in '81
Sound convincing, thousand dollar cork-pop convention
Hands like Sonny Liston, get fly permission
Hold the fuck up, I'll unfasten your wig, bad luck
I humiliate, separate the English from the Dutch
It's me, black Noble Drew Ali, came in threes
We like the Genovese, sazon season these degrees
It's Earth, 93 million miles from the first
Rough turbulence, the wave burst, split the megahertz

A-yo, that's amazing
Gun in your mouth talk, verbal foul hawk
Connect thoughts to make my man child walk
Swift notarizer, Blue-Tang, all up in the high-riser
New York Yank visor, word tranquilizer
Adjust the dosage, delegate my Clan with explosives
While my pen blow lines ferocious
Mediterranean, see y'all, the number one draft pick
Tear down the beat, God, then delegate the God to see God
The swift chancellor, flex the white gold tarantula
Track truck diesel, play the weed God substantiala
Max mostly, undivided then slide in sickening
Guaranteed made 'em jump like Rod Strickland88Embed
A game of chess is like a swordfight
You must think first before you move
Toad style is immensely strong
And immune to nearly any weapon
When it's properly used, it's almost invincible
Raw, I'ma give it to ya with no trivia
Raw like cocaine straight from Bolivia
My hip-hop will rock and shock the nation
Like the Emancipation Proclamation
Weak MCs approach with slang that's dead
You might as well run into the wall and bang your head
I'm pushin' force, my force you're doubtin'
I'm makin' devils cower to the Caucasus Mountains

Well, I'm a sire, I set the microphone on fire
Rap styles vary and carry like Mariah
I come from the Shaolin slum and the isle I'm from
Is comin' through with 'nough niggas and 'nough guns
So if you wanna come sweatin', stressin', contestin'
You'll catch a sharp sword to the midsection
Don't talk the talk if you can't walk the walk
Phony niggas are outlined in chalk
I'm mad vexed, it's what the projects made me
Rebel to the grain, there's no way to barricade me
Steamrollin' niggas like an eighteen-wheeler
With a drunk driver drivin', there's no survivin'
You might also like
Rough like Timberland wear, yeah
Me and the Clan, and yo, the Land Cruiser's out there
Peace to all the crooks, all the niggas with bad looks
Bald heads, braids, blow this hook
We pack chrome TECs, nickel-plated MACs, black Acs
Drug-dealin' styles with phat stacks
I only been a good nigga for a minute though
'Cause I gots to get my props and win it, yo
I got beef with commercial-ass niggas with gold teeth
Lampin' in a Lexus, eatin' beef
Straight up and down, don't even bother
I got forty niggas up in here now who kill niggas' father

My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
In the front, in the back, Killa Beez on attack
My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
Smokin' meth, hittin' cats on the block with the gat
Here I go, deep type flow
Jacques Cousteau could never get this low
I'm cherry bombin' shit, boom
Just warmin' up a little bit, ah-eh-em
Rappin'-in' is what's happenin'
Keep the pockets stackin'-in', hands clappin'-in'
At the party when I move my body
Gotta get up and be somebody
Grab the microphone, put strength to the bone
Dun-dun-dun, enter the Wu-Tang zone
Sure enough when I rock that stuff, huff, puff
I'm gonna catch your bluff, tuff, rough
Kickin' rhymes like Jim Kelly
Or Alex Haley, m-m-Beetle Bailey rhymes
Comin' raw style, hardcore
Niggas be comin' to the hip-hop store
Comin' to buy grocery from me
Pretendin' to be a hip-hop MC
The law, in order to enter the Wu-Tang
You must bring the Ol' Dirty Bastard type slang
Represent the GZA, Abbot RZA
Shaquan, Inspectah Deck
Dirty Ho gettin' low with his flow
Introducin' the Ghostface Killah
No one could get iller
My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
In the front, in the back, Killa Beez on attack
My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
Smokin' meth, hittin' cats on the block with the gat
Speakin' of the Devil, psych
No, it's the God, get your shit right
Mega trife, and yo, I killed you in a past life
On the mic while you was kickin' that fast shit
You reneged, tried again, and got blasted
Half-mastered-ass style, mad rough task
When I struck, I had on Timbs and a black mask
Remember that shit? I know you don't remember jack
That night, yo, I was hittin' like a spiked bat
And then you thought I was bugged out and crazy
Strapped for nonsense, after me became lazy
Yo, nobody budge while I shot slugs
Never shot thugs, I'm runnin' with thugs that flood mugs
So, grab your eight-plus-one, start flippin' and trippin'
Niggas is jettin', I'm lickin' off, son

Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang
Wu-Tang, Wu-Tang (Toad style is immensely strong)
Homicide's illegal and death is the penalty
What justifies the homicide when he dies in his own iniquity?
It's the master of the Mantis Rapture comin' at ya
We have an APB on an MC killer
Looks like the work of a master
Evidence indicates that his stature
Merciless like a terrorist, hard to capture
The flow changes like a chameleon
Plays like a friend and stabs you like a dagger
This technique attacks the immune system
Disguised like a lie, paralyzin' the victim
You scream as it enters your bloodstream
Erupts your brain from the pain these thoughts contain
Movin' on a nigga with the speed of a centipede
And injure any motherfuckin' contender

My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
In the front, in the back, Killa Beez on attack
My peoples, are you with me? Where you at?
Smokin' meth, hittin' cats on the block with the gat

And immune to nearly any weapon
When it's properly used, it's almost invincible
Toad style is immensely strong
And immune to nearly any weapon
When it's properly used, it's almost invincible
When it's properly used85Embed
After laughter comes tears

Check the script, me and the gods gettin' ripped
Blunts in the dip, forty dogs in my lip
Had a box, 'boom boom' the bass would blast
We was laughin' at all the girls that passed
Conversation, brothers had began to discuss
(Hey yo, Rob, remember that kid you bust?)
Aw yeah, he ran, but he didn't get far
'Cause I dropped him, heh heh heh heh heh ha
Not knowin' exactly what lied ahead
My little brother, my mother sent him out for bread
Get the Wonder, it's a hot day in the summer
Didn't expect to come across a crazy gunner
"Hey, Shorty, check it, run the bag and the dough!"
But he was brave, looked him in the eye, and said "No!"
Money splattered him, BOW! Then he snatched the bag
Hit his pockets, then he jetted up the Ave
Girls screamin', the noise up and down the block
(Hey, Rakeem!) What? (Your little brother got shot!)
I ran frantically, then I dropped down to his feet
I saw the blood all over the hot concrete
I picked him up, then I held him by his head
His eyes shut, that's when I knew he was…
Aw man! How do I say goodbye?
It's always the good ones that have to die
Memories in the corner of my mind
Flashbacks, of us laughin' all the time
I taught him all about the bees and birds
But I wish I had a chance to sing these three words
You might also like
After laughter comes tears

Me and my man, my ace Big Moe from the shelter
'Bout to hit the skins from this girl named Thelma
Now, Thelma had a rep that was higher than her neck
Every girl from Shaolin dissed her respect
We was stimmy, you know how it is when you're blitzed
Three o'clock in the mornin', somethin' got to give
Moe said he'll go first, I said I'll take next
Here, take this raincoat and practice safe sex!
He seemed to ignore, I said, "Be for real!
She's not even worth it to go raw deal."
A man's gonna do what a man's gonna do
He got butt-naked and stuck the power U
Twenty minutes went by, Moe, I'm out without a doubt
I'm not pumpin' up, I am airin' out
Hey yo, he came out laughin' with glory
I'm surprised he's still livin' to tell his story
But he carried on with the same old stuff
With Stephanie, like a Whammy, he pressed his luck
Moe tried to be down with O.P.P
Ain't nothin' wrong, but he got caught with the H.I.V
Now no life to live, doc says two more years
So after the laughter I guess comes the tears
After laughter comes tears50Embed
Wu-Tang Clan coming at ya
(Watch your step, kid, watch your step, kid)
Protect ya neck, kid
(Watch your step, kid, watch your step, kid)
To set it off
(Watch your step, kid, watch your step, kid)
The Inspectah Deck

I smoke on the mic like "Smokin' Joe" Frazier
The hell raiser, raisin' hell with the flavor
Terrorize the jam like troops in Pakistan
Swingin' through your town like your neighborhood Spider-Man
So uh, tick-tock and keep tickin'
While I get ya flippin' off the shit that I'm kickin'
The Lone Ranger, code red, danger
Deep in the dark with the art to rip the charts apart
The vandal, too hot to handle
You battle, you're sayin' "Goodbye" like Tevin Campbell
Roughneck, Inspectah Deck's on the set
The Rebel, I make more noise than heavy metal

The way I make the crowd go wild, sit back, relax, won't smile
Rae got it goin' on, pal, call me the rap assassinator
Rhymes rugged and built like Schwarzenegger
And I'ma get mad deep like a threat
Blow up your project, then take all your assets
'Cause I came to shake the frame in half
With the thoughts that bomb shit like math
So if you wanna try to flip, go flip on the next man
'Cause I grab the clip and hit ya with sixteen shots and more, I got
Goin' to war with the meltin' pot, ah
You might also like
It's the Method Man, for short Mr. Meth
Movin' on your left, ah
And set it off, get it off, let it off like a gat
I wanna break full, cock me back
Small change, they puttin' shame in the game
I take aim and blow that nigga out the frame
And like Fame my style'll live forever
Niggas crossin' over, but they don't know no better
But I do, true, can I get a "sue"
Enough respect due to the one-six-ooh
I mean O, yo, check out the flow
Like the Hudson or PCP when I'm dustin'
Niggas off because I'm hot like sauce
The smoke from the lyrical blunt make me *cough*

Ooh, what, grab my nut, get screwed
Ow, here comes my Shaolin style
True B-A-ba-B-Y-U
To my crew with the "sue"

Yeah, yeah, yeah (Watch your step, kid)
(Watch your step, kid, watch your step, kid)
Come on, baby, baby, come on, baby, baby (Protect ya neck)
(Watch your step, kid, watch your step, kid)
Come on, baby, baby, come on
(Watch your step, kid, watch your step, kid)
Yo, you best protect ya neck
First things first, man, you're fuckin' with the worst
I'll be stickin' pins in your head like a fuckin' nurse
I'll attack any nigga who's slack in his mack
Come fully packed with a fat rugged stack
Shame on you when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard straight from the Brooklyn Zoo
And I'll be damned if I let any man
Come to my center, you enter the winter
Straight up and down, that shit is packed jam
You can't slam, don't let me get fool on him, man
The Ol' Dirty Bastard is dirty and stinkin'
Ason Unique rollin' with the night of the creeps
Niggas be rollin' with a stash, ain't sayin' cash
Bite my style, I'll bite your motherfuckin' ass

For cryin' out loud, my style is wild, so book me
Not long is how long that this rhyme took me
Ejectin' styles from my lethal weapon
My pen that rocks from here to Oregon
Here's more again, catch it like a psycho flashback
I love gats, if rap was a gun, you wouldn't bust back
I come with shit in all types of shapes and sounds
And where I lounge is my stompin' grounds
I give an order to my peeps across the water
To go and snatch up props all around the border
And get far like a shootin' star
'Cause who I are is livin' the life of Pablo Escobar
Point blank as I kick the square biz
There it is, you're fuckin' with pros, and there it goes
Yo, chill with the feedback, black, we don't need that
It's ten o'clock, ho, where the fuck's your seed at?
Feelin' mad hostile, ran the apostle
Flowin' like Christ when I speaks the gospel
Stroll with the holy roll, then attack the globe with the buckus style
The ruckus, ten times ten men committin' mad sin
Turn the other cheek and I'll break your fuckin' chin
Slayin' boom-bangs like African drums, we'll be
Comin' around the mountain when I come
Crazy flamboyant for the rap enjoyment
My clan increase like black unemployment
Yeah, another one dare, G-Gka-Genius
Take us the fuck outta here

The Wu is too slammin' for these Cold Killin' labels
Some ain't had hits since I seen Aunt Mabel
Be doin' artists in like Cain did Abel
Now they money's gettin' stuck to the gum under the table
That's what you get when you misuse what I invent
Your empire falls and you lose every cent
For tryna blow up a scrub
Now that thought was just as bright as a 20-watt light bulb
Should've pumped it when I rocked it
Niggas so stingy they got short arms and deep pockets
This goes on in some companies
With majors, they're scared to death to pump these
First of all, who's your A&R?
A mountain climber who plays an electric guitar?
But he don't know the meanin' of dope
When he's lookin' for a suit-and-tie rap
That's cleaner than a bar of soap
And I'm the dirtiest thing in sight
Matter of fact, bring out the girls, and let's have a mud fight

You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neckEmbed
Wu-Tang Clan coming at ya
(Watch your step, kid, watch your step, kid)
Protect ya neck, kid!
(Watch your step, kid, watch your step, kid)
First to set it off
(Watch your step, kid, watch your step, kid)
The Inspectah Deck!

I smoke on the mic like "Smokin' Joe" Frazier
The hell-raiser, raisin’ hell with the flavor
Terrorize the jam like troops in Pakistan
Swingin' through your town like your neighborhood Spider-Man
So uhh, tick-tock and keep tickin'
While I get ya flippin’ off the shit that I'm kickin'
The Lone Ranger, code red, danger
Deep in the dark with the art to rip the charts apart
The vandal, too hot to handlе
You battle, you're sayin' "Goodbye" likе Tevin Campbell
Roughneck, Inspectah Deck's on the set
The Rebel, I make more noise than heavy metal

The way I make the crowd go wild, sit back, relax, won't smile
Rae got it goin' on, pal, call me the rap assassinator
Rhymes rugged and built like Schwarzenegger
And I’ma get mad deep like a threat
Blow up your project, then take all your assets
’Cause I came to shake the frame in half
With the thoughts that bomb shit like math
So if you wanna try to flip, go flip on the next man
'Cause I grab the clip and hit ya with 16 shots and more, I got
Goin’ to war with the meltin' pot, akh
You might also like
It's the Method Man, for short Mr. Meth
Movin' on your left, aah!
And set it off, get it off, let it off like a gat
I wanna break full, cock me back
Small change, they puttin’ shame in the game
I take aim and blow that nigga out the frame
And like Fame my style'll live forever
Niggas crossin' over, but they don't know no better
But I do, true, can I get a "suue"
Enough respect due to the one-six-ooh
I mean O, yo check out the flow
Like the Hudson or PCP when I'm dustin'
Niggas off, because I'm hot like sauce
The smoke from the lyrical blunt make me *cough*

Ooh, what, grab my nut, get screwed
Oww, here comes my Shaolin style
True B-A-ba-B-Y-U
To my crew with the "suuuuue"

Yeah, yeah, yeah (Watch your step, kid)
(Watch your step, kid, watch your step, kid)
C'mon, baby baby, c'mon, baby baby (Protect ya neck)
(Watch your step, kid, watch your step, kid)
C'mon, baby baby, c'mon
(Watch your step, kid, watch your step, kid)
Yo, you best protect ya neck
First things first, man, you're fuckin' with the worst
I'll be stickin' pins in your head like a fuckin' nurse
I'll attack any nigga who's slack in his mack
Come fully packed with a fat rugged stack
Shame on you when you step through to
The Ol' Dirty Bastard straight from the Brooklyn Zoo
And I'll be damned if I let any man
Come to my center, you enter the winter
Straight up and down, that shit is packed jam
You can't slam, don't let me get fool on him, man
The Ol' Dirty Bastard is dirty and stinkin'
Ason Unique rollin' with the night of the creeps
Niggas be rollin' with a stash, ain't sayin' cash
Bite my style, I'll bite your motherfuckin' ass

For cryin' out loud, my style is wild, so book me
Not long is how long that this rhyme took me
Ejectin' styles from my lethal weapon
My pen that rocks from here to Oregon
Here's more again, catch it like a psycho flashback
I love gats, if rap was a gun, you wouldn't bust back
I come with shit in all types of shapes and sounds
And where I lounge is my stompin' grounds
I give an order to my peeps across the water
To go and snatch up props all around the border
And get far like a shootin' star
'Cause who I are is livin' the life of Pablo Escobar
Point-blank as I kick the square biz
There it is, you're fuckin' with pros, and there it goes
Yo, chill with the feedback, black, we don't need that
It's 10 o'clock, ho, where the fuck's your seed at?
Feelin' mad hostile, wearin Aéropostale
Flowin' like Christ when I speaks the gospel
Stroll with the holy robe, then attack the globe with the buckus style
The ruckus, ten times ten men committin' mad sin
Turn the other cheek and I'll break your fuckin' chin
Slayin' boom-bangs like African drums, we'll be
Comin' around the mountain when I come
Crazy flamboyant for the rap enjoyment
My clan increase like black unemployment
Yeah, another one dare, G-Gka-Genius
Take us the fuck outta here

The Wu is too slammin' for these Cold Killin' labels
Some ain't had hits since I seen Aunt Mabel
Be doin' artists in like Cain did Abel
Now they money's gettin' stuck to the gum under the table
That's what you get when you misuse what I invent
Your empire falls and you lose every cent
For tryna blow up a scrub
Now that thought was just as bright as a 20-watt light bulb
Should've pumped it when I rocked it
Niggas so stingy they got short arms and deep pockets
This goes on in some companies
With majors, they're scared to death to pump these
First of all, who's your A&R?
A mountain climber who plays an electric guitar?
But he don't know the meanin' of dope
When he's lookin' for a suit-and-tie rap
That's cleaner than a bar of soap
And I'm the dirtiest thing in sight
Matter of fact, bring out the girls, and let's have a mud fight

You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neck
You best protect ya neckEmbed
Yeahhh, torture, motherfucker, what?
Torture, nigga, what?
What? I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin' tie you to a fuckin' bedpost
With your ass cheeks spread out and shit, right?
Put a hanger on a fuckin' stove and let that shit sit there for like a half hour, take it off and stick it in your ass slow like tss
Yeah, I'll fuckin', yeah, I'll fuckin' lay your nuts on a fuckin' dresser, just your nuts layin' on a fuckin' dresser, and bang them shits with a spiked fuckin' bat
Ooh whassup? Blaow!
I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin', pull your fuckin' tongue out your fuckin'
Mouth and stab the shit with a rusty screwdriver, blaoww!
I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin' hang you by your fuckin' dick off A fuckin' 12 sto-story building out this motherfucker
I'll fuckin', I'll fuckin', sew your asshole closed, and keep feedin' you And feedin' you, and feedin' you, and feedin' you
Yo, roll the dice, yo, roll the dice
Yo, so it's goin' down like that, huh? Yeah?
Niggas is whylin', check it out, kid

From the slums of Shaolin, Wu-Tang Clan strikes again
The RZA, the GZA, Ol' Dirty Bastard, Inspectah Deck
Raekwon the Chef, U-God, Ghostface Killah and the Method Man

M-E-T-H-O-D Man
M-E-T-H-O-D Man
M-E-T-H-O-D Man
M-E-T-H-O-D Man
You might also like
Hey, you, get off my cloud!
You don't know me and you don't know my style
Who be gettin' flam when they come to a jam?
Here I am, here I am, the Method Man
Pat-a-cake, pat-a-cake, hey! The Method Man
Don't eat Skippy, Jif or Peter Pan
Peanut butter 'cause I'm not butter
In fact, I snap back like a rubber
Band, I be Sam, Sam-I-Am
And I don't eat green eggs and ham
Style will hit ya, wham! Then goddamn
You'll be like, "Oh shit, that's the jam!"
Turn it up, now hear me get buck w-w-wild
I'm about to blow, light me up
Upside, downside, inside and outside
Hittin' you from every angle, there's no doubt I
Am the one and only Method Man
The master of the plan, rappin' shit like Saran
Wrap, with some of this and some of that
Hold up (what?) I tawt I taw I putty tat
Over there, but I think he best to beware
Of the diggy dog shit right here
Yippy yippy yay yippy yah yippy yo
Like Deck said, this ain't your average flow
Comin' like rah ooh ah achie kah
Tell me, how you like it so far, baby paw?
The poetry's in motion, coast to coast and
Rub it on your skin like lotion
What's the commotion? Oh my Lord
Another corn chopped by the Wu-Tang sword
"Hey, hey, hey!" like Fat Albert
It's the Method Man, ain't no if ands about it
It's the Method
All right, y'all, get your White Owls
Get your meth, get your skins
Don't forget your forty
And we gonna do it like this

I got fat bags of skunk
I got White Owl blunts
And I'm about to go get lifted
Yes, I'm about to go get lifted
I got myself a forty
I got myself a shorty
And I'm about to go and stick it
Yes, I'm about to go and stick it, uhh

H-U-F-F, huff, and I puff
Blow like snow when the cold wind's blowin'
Zoooom, I hit the mic like boom!
Wrote a song about it, like to hear it? Here it goes
Question, what exactly is a panty raider?
Ill behavior, savior or major flavor
All of the above, oh yeah, plus seducer
Also, flam, I'm the man, call me super
Not an average Joe with an average flow
Doin' average things with average hoes
Yo, I'm super, I'll make a bitch squirm
For my Super Sperm (check it)
Check it, I give it to you raw butt-naked
I smell sess—pass the method
Let's get lifted as I kick ballistic
Missiles and shoot game like a pistol
Clip is loaded when I click bang (bang!)
A Wu-Tang slug hits your brain
J-U-M-P, jump, and I thump
Make girls rumps like pump and Humpty Hump
Wild, the Shaolin style is all in me
Child, the whole damn isle is callin' me
P-A-N-T-Y R-A-I-D-E-R, mad raw, I don't fry
Meaning, no one can burn or toss and turn me
Ooh, I be the super sperm
Chim chiminy chim chim cher-ee
Freak a flow and flow fancy free
Now, how many licks does it take
For me to hit the Tootsie Roll center of a break?
Peep and don't sleep, the crew's mad deep (Wu-Tang!)
Fadin' motherfuckers like bleach
So to each and every crew
You're clear like glass, I can see right through
Your whole damn posse be catchin' 'em all, 'cause you vic'd
And you didn't have friends to begin with, I'm…
The M-E-T-H-O-D Man
M-E-T-H-O-D Man
M-E-T-H-O-D Man
Here I am, here I am, the Method Man

Straight from the slums of Shaolin
Wu-Tang Killa Beez on a swarm
(Your soul have just been tooken
Through the 36 Chambers of death, kid)
Word to mother, Method Man signin' off, peaceEmbed
Yo this the O.D.B, Kid
New radio version for ya called Shame On A Nuh
So everybody,..a jump on it

Shame on a Nuh! who try to run game on a nuh
Wu buck wild with the trigger!
Shame on a nuh who try to run game on a nuh
Wu buck- uhh uhh uhh

Yo, hut one, hut two, hut three, hut!
Ol' Dirty Bastard, live and uncut
Styles unbreakable, shatterproof
To the young youth, ya wanna get gun? Shoot?
BLAOW! How you like me now? Don't front the style
Ruthless wild!
Do ya wanna getcha teeth knocked on out?
Wanna get on it like that? Well, then shout!

Yo RZA, yo razor, hit me with the major
The damage, my clan understand it, be flavor
Gunnin', hummin', comin' at ya
First I'm gonna get ya, once I got ya, I gat ya
You could never capture the Method Man's stature
For rhyme and for rapture, got .... resignin', now master
My style? Never!
Never! I put the ... buck in the wild, kid, I'm terror, razor-sharp
I sever, the head from the shoulders, I'm better than my competta
You mean competitor, whatever, let's get together
You might also like
Shame on a nuh who try to run game on a nuh
Wu come wild with the tri-BLAOW!

I react so thick, I'm phat, and yo
Rae came blowin' and blew off your headphones, black
Rap from, yo, Cali to Texas
Smoother than a Lexus, now's my turn to wreck this
Brothers approach and half step
But ain't heard half of it yet and I bet you're not a WHAT! vet!
So, when you see me on the real
Formin' like Voltron, remember I got deep like a Navy Seal

Shame on a nuh who try to run game on a nuh
Wu buck wild with the trigger!
Shame on a nuh who try to run game on a nuh
I'll said get out!

Yo! I come with that ol' loco style from my vocal
Couldn't peep it with a pair of bifocals
I'm no joker, play me as a joker
Be on you like a house on fire, smoke ya
Crews be actin' like they gangs, anyway
Be like, "Warriors, come out and play!"
Burn me, I gettin it on,  I let it out like diarrhea
Got burnt once but that was only gonorrhea
Dirty, I keeps the nuff stains my drawers
So I can get fizza-funky for ya
Murder, taste the flame of the Wu-Tang
Rah! Here comes the Tiger vs. Crane
I'll be like wild with my style
Punk, you play me, chump, you get jumped
Wu is comin' through at a theater near you
And get funk like a shoe, what?Embed