Now go
Ha ha
Yeah
This is nice, uhm
Now drop it like, uh, whoo
Go with it, uh
Black Jack JohnsonYou might also likeEmbed
Hey, hey! Haha! Say what, say what?
Haha! Hahaha! Bust it, yo!
Sometimes, I feel like I don't have a partner
Sometimes, I feel like my only friend
Is the city I live in, this beautiful Brooklyn
Long as I live here, believe I'm on fire, hey

'Cause it's the B-the-R-the-O-the-O-K
L-Y-N is the place where I stay
The B-to-the-R-the-O-the-O-K
Best in the world and all USA
It's the B-to-the-R-the-O-the-O-K
L-Y-N is the place where I stay
The B-to-the-R-the-O-the-O-K
Place where I rest is on my born day

Bust it!
Sometimes, I sit back and just reflect
Watch the world go by, and my thought connect
I think about the time past and the time to come
Reminisce on Bed-Stuy when I was spry and young
I used to try and come to the neighborhood function
Throw on my Izod, say a little somethin'
When I was just a youngin', before the days of thuggin'
How me and Charlie Chims, and yo, what?! I'm only buggin'
Fast forward — 9, now I gotta team my seed
I must proceed at God's speed to perform my deed
Livin' the now space and time, 'round the nine-to-five
For as long as I'm alive, pah, I gotta strive
I ain't sittin roadside, that ain't part of the plan
I'm out here for my fam', doin' all that I can
I love my city! Sweet and gritty, inland to outskirts
Nickname Bucktown 'cause we prone to outburst
Philosophy redefine us, touch mine? I touch back
Walk the streets like ya sweet, and get beat like drum tracks
Catch no shakes, over Jakes (Woop-Woop!), we bust back
Bring the marty to your face with no place to run back
I'm from the slums that created the bass that thump back
This ain't a game, clown, play ya James Brown and jump back
What you want, Jack? Young cats stash they jums at
Draw they guns back, momma screams where she sons at
Tryin' to hunt that, recurrin' dream of high stakes
The fourth largest, first hardest, Brooklyn is the place
Settled by the Dutch many years ago
Three million strong, and here we go!
You might also like
Good morning, Vietnam!
(We live in Brooklyn, baby) (Wake up, wake up)
(We live in Brooklyn, baby) (Wake up, wake up)

Yo, sometimes, I sit back, reflect on the place that I live at
Unlike any place I ever been at
The home of big gats, deep-dish hammer rim caps
Have a mishap, push your wig back
Where you go to get the fresh trim at
Fulton and Jay got the Timb rack
Blue collars metro cardin' it
Thugs mobbin' it, form partnership, increase armament
Street pharmacists — deep consequence
When you seek sleek ornaments, you get caught
Rode the white horse and can't get off
Big dogs that trick off just get sent off
They shoebox stash is all they seeds gotta live off
It's real, yo, but still, yo, it's love here
And it's felt by anybody that come here
Outta-towner's take the train, plane and bus here
Must be somethin' that they really want here
One year as a resident, deeper sentiment
They shout out, "Go Brooklyn!" — they representin' it
Sittin' on they front stoop, sippin' Guinness's
Usin' native dialect in they sentences
From the tree-line blocks to the tenements
To the Mom and Pop local shop businesses
We travel all around the world in great distances
And ain't a place that I know that bear resemblance
That's why we call it 'The Planet'
Not a borough or a province, our style is uncommon
From Sumner to Tompkins to Lafayette Gardens
Wyckoff, Gowanus, in they army jacket linings
Yo, this goes out to my cats in Coney Isle
Friday night out in front The Himalaya, goin' wild
This goes out to Crown Heights and Smurv Village
The '90s, and all my yarda Trini Brownsvillers
Parkside tennis courts; 30's, 40's and the 50's
The cats out in Starrett City gettin' busy
To the Hook, to the East, to the Stuy
Bushwick and Canarsie
Farragut, Fort Greene and Marcy
My Flatbush posse, generals and armies
When it's time to form, just call me
And let this song be playin' loud and long, B
If you love Bucktown strongly
Raze it up!
Brooklyn — my habitat, the place where it happen at
Lives sway and the sharp balance of the battle axe
Irons is brandished at, thugs draw they hammer back
It's where you find the News Two crew cameras at
It's where my fam is at, summertime jam is at
They play B.I.G. and get you open like a sandal back
Hotter than candle wax, hustlin', you can't relax
The crack babies tryin' to find where they mamas at
It's off the handle, black
With big police scandals that turn into action screenplays sold to Miramax
The type of place where they check your appearance at
And cats who know where all the hot 'Lo gear is at
The stompin' grounds where you find the pound smokers that
Be Blazin' John, that have your wave cap floatin' back
The doorstep where the dispossessed posted at
Dope fiends out on Franklin Ave. sellin' Zovirax
You big ballin'? Better keep your money folded back
'Cause once the young guns notice that, it's over, black!
"Brooklyn keep on takin' it!" — worldwide we known for that!
Flossy cats get it snatched like the local tax
The place I sharpen up my baritone vocals at
Where one of the greatest MC's was a local cat!13Embed
People climbed into the night like space suits
People stepped into the night like moon boots
Marching like moon troops
In their soot colored zoot suits
People climbed into the night like cool wells
Shiney bottles in their hands
Drinking their new selves
They say it's their true selves
People climbed up in the night like green trees
They were hanging from the night like green leaves
Buzzing like queen bees
People climbed into the night like space suits
People stomped inside the night
Stomping and stomping and stomping and stomping and stomping
Where are they going?
What's the rush?
Everybody in the place was so out of touch
Hey
Night-time is when the things get heavy
You feel alone and you want somebody
Loneliness whispers desperate measures
And your frantic all by yourself
You might also likeNight-time is when the things get heavy
You feel alone and you want somebody
Loneliness whispers desperate measures
Baby, don't make no fast moves
Baby, don't make no fast moves
Baby, don't make no fast moves
Baby, don't make no fast moves tonight
La La La 
People stomped inside the night
Let me climb into the night...
Let me climb...
8Embed
Some cats really like to, you know...
Profile and front
And then the jooks go down, all at once they like...

Don't get me, don't get me
Don't g-g-g-g-g-get me
Don't get me, don't get me
Don't g-g-g-g-g-get me
Don't get me, don't get me
Don't g-g-g-g-g-get me
Don't get me, don't get me
Don't g-g-g-g-g-get me

You're out on the block hustling at the spot
GOT, this is how you get Got
At the gamblin' spot and your hand is mad hot
GOT, this is how you get Got
Out in Brooklyn late night flashing all of your rocks
GOT, this is how you get Got
Some girl from pink house said "I like you a lot"
GOT, this is how you get Got

This one goes to all them Big Will cats
With ice on they limbs and big rims on they Ac
You goin' around town with your system bump
And your windows cracked low to profile and front
Now I like to have nice things just like you
But I'm from Brooklyn, certain shit you just don't do
Like, high postin' when you far from home
Or like, high postin' when you all alone
Now, this would seem to be clear common sense
But cats be livin' off sheer confidence
Like "Fuck that, picture them tellin' me run that"
But acting invincible, just ain't sensible
It's nineteen ninety-now, and there's certain individuals
Swear they rollin' hard and get robbed on principle
5 star general, flashin' on your revenue
You takin' a ride on the Downstate medical, Like (whooooooo)
Colorful sparks, yellow and blue
A full on attack and it's happening to you
Wit' nothing you can do but bust back and cop a plea
But five of them and one of you, that equals Got to me
You might also like
Don't get me, don't get me
Don't g-g-g-g-g-get me
Don't get me, don't get me
Don't g-g-g-g-g-get me
Don't get me, don't get me
Don't g-g-g-g-g-get me
Don't get me, don't get me
Don't g-g-g-g-g-get me

Come on ya'll now, let's be real
Some jokers got a rough time keepin' it concealed
I wonder what it mean, it's probably self-esteem
They fiendin to be seen, get hemmed like Gabardines
Cats think it can't happen until the gats start clappin
They comin' down the wire spittin fire like a dragon
Cause while the goods glisten, certain eyes take position
To observe your trickin', then catch that ass slippin'
Like, come on now ock, what you expect?
Got a month's paycheck danglin' off your neck
And while you Cristal sippin', they rubbin' up they mittens
With heat in mint condition to start the getti-gettin'
They clique starts creepin' like Sandinista guerrillas
You screamin' playa haters, these niggas is playa killers
Mr. Fash-ion, that style never last long
The harder you flash, the harder you get flashed on
There's hunger in the street that is hard to defeat
Many steal for sport, but more steal to eat
Cat's heavy at the weigh-in, and he's playin' for keeps
Don't sleep, they'll roll up in your passengers seat
There is universal law, whether rich or poor
Some say life's a game, to more, life is war
So put them egos to the side and get off them head trips
'Fore some cats pull out them heaters and make you headless
Don't get me, don't get me
Don't g-g-g-g-g-get me
Don't get me, don't get me
Don't g-g-g-g-g-get me
Don't get me, don't get me
Don't g-g-g-g-g-get me
Don't get me, don't get me
Don't g-g-g-g-g-get me7Embed

Bismillah ir Rahman ir Raheem
Good evening, ladies and gentlemen
And I'm very happy that you came here
Ooh-oooh, whee!
That was for Brooklyn
Ha ha, we get it every time
You got me on? Oh
Shout out to all of my crew, East-West, North-South
All the continent, Europe, all abroad international
Bring it in, bring it in, bring it in, bring it in
It's a lot of things goin' on y'all
21st century is comin'
20th century almost done
A lot of things have changed
A lot of things have not, mainly us
We gon' get it together right? I believe that
Listen—people be askin' me all the time
"Yo Mos, what's gettin' ready to happen with hip-hop?"
(Where do you think hip-hop is goin'?)
I tell em, "You know what's gonna happen with hip-hop?
Whatever's happening with us"
If we smoked out, hip-hop is gonna be smoked out
If we doin' alright, hip-hop is gonna be doin' alright
People talk about hip-hop like it's some giant livin' in the hillside
Comin' down to visit the townspeople
We are hip-hop
Me, you, everybody, we are hip-hop
So hip-hop is going where we going
So the next time you ask yourself where hip-hop is going
Ask yourself: where am I going? How am I doing?
Till you get a clear idea
So if hip-hop is about the people
And the hip-hop won't get better until the people get better
Then how do people get better? (Hmm)
Well, from my understanding people get better
When they start to understand that they are valuable
And they not valuable because they got a whole lot of money
Or 'cause somebody, think they sexy
But they valuable 'cause they been created by God
And God makes you valuable
And whether or not you recognize that value is one thing
You got a lot of societies and governments
Tryin' to be God, wishing that they were God
They wanna create satellites and cameras everywhere
And make you think they got the all-seeing eye
Eh, I guess The Last Poets wasn't too far off
When they said that certain people got a god complex
I believe it's true
I don't get phased out by none of that, none of that
Helicopters, the TV screens, the newscasters, the satellite dishes
They just wishing
They can't really never do that
When they tell me to fear they law
When they tell me to try to have some fret in my heart behind the things that they do
This is what I think in my mind
And this is what I say to them
And this is what I'm saying to you check it
You might also like
All over the world hearts pound with the rhythm
Fear not of men because men must die
Mind over matter and soul before flesh
Angels hold a pen, keep a record in time
Which is passing and running like a caravan trader
The world is overrun with the wealthy and the wicked
But God is sufficient in disposing of affairs
Gunmen and stockholders try to merit my fear
But God is sufficient over plans they prepared
Mos Def in the flesh, where you at, right here
On this place called Earth, holding down my square

'Bout to do it for y'all, and y'all at the fair
So just bounce, come on bounce
B-b-bounce b-bounce b-bounce-bounce
And just-
Just step, two, three
Just step, two, three, and
Step two
Two, three and
One two three and four
One two three and four
Once again
All over the world hearts pound with the rhythm
Fear not of men because men must die
Mind over matter and soul before flesh
Angels hold a pen, keep a record in time
Which is passing and running like a caravan trader
The world is overrun with the wealthy and the wicked
But God is sufficient in disposing of affairs
Gunmen and stockholders try to merit your fear
But God is sufficient over plans they prepared
Mos Def in the flesh, where you at, right here
On this place called Earth, holding down my square

Bout to represent in your whole atmosphere
Bout to represent in your whole atmosphere
To your atmosphere, to your atmosphere
Oh-ooh!
That was for you—and Brooklyn, too!8Embed
I strike the empire back
I strike the empire back
Fuck the empire
High flying like the Millenium Falcon piloted by Han Solo
I never roll for dolo, fronting on me's a no-no
Understand, doing this for my family
Ha ha, check it out y'all

Yo, I'm trying to make a dollar out of what makes sense
Add it up, told my daddy I'd be a rich man
You never know when your fate gon' switch hand
Get today's solid ground out of yesterday's quicksand
I was a young boy who dreamt about being a big man
On small looseleaf sheets, I sketched a big plan
Gotta handle business properly, boost up my economy
Store it up and get my mom some waterfront property
Yesterday was not for me but nowaday it's time for me
The streets is watching me, I watch back, that's the policy
Moving along my odyssey like blood through the artery
Navigate the treacherous and make it seem effortless
Let those who make the exodus seekin' the North beacon
From beating and hog-eating, from punishment all season
From hands cracked and bleeding, cotton thorns in your palms
It's for y'all that I sketch these songs, and it goes
Yea, though I walk through the valley of the shadow
I fear no man, because faith is the arrow
My vocal chord travel worldwide to block narrow
We can blow with the ammo or go mano-a-mano
Kweli is you with me (What up, what up)
Let's make it happen
I burn through your argument with action
My eyes stay fastened to tomorrow, looking for a brighter day
When y'all wanna leave y'all
Right away
You might also like
Shout it out from East-West (from South to Northern)
From Cackalack (to California)
From the coldest (to the warmest)
To the borders ('cross the waters) understand..
".. and know that I love you.."
We got love in the place
Shout out to all the Queens (all the Seeds)
To all the teams (that's gettin' cream)
From outlaw (to emcees)
Make it happen (do your thing) understand..
".. and know that I love you.."
Ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen, ladies and gentlemen

Guess who
The illest MC in the atmosphere
Yeah the Soul Controller
Who roam the frontier like a Buffalo Soldier
I follow the code of honor like a real man gonna
Never disrespect no women 'cause I love my momma
These cats be giving us praise but it ain't that accurate
I give it up to God, all that love and attachment get
Scary well-prepared with the shears when it get hairy
Like how these niggas is looking like some fairies
And singing like canaries to the beast
And anybody who will listen to 'em clearly
Y'all don't hear me though, even when I'm coming through in stereo
You make a mockery of what I represent properly
Yo, why you starting me
I take that shit straight to the artery
Intellectual property I got the title and the deed
I pay for rent with the tears and sweat and what I bleed
MCs imitate the way we walk, the way we talk
You cats spit lyrical pork with no spiritual thought
Plus your flow a little bit off
You come across soft
Back in the days niggas like that on stage got tossed off
Need to get crossed off the guestlist
It's like you gotta be disrespected and thrown out the exit
To get the message
Sometimes your sunshine get snatched like a necklace
When you get too drunk on power and your drive get reckless
Check it, MCs in my face after I slug you then I hug you
If I gotta dead you know it's only 'cause I love you
Shout it out from East-West
(From South to Northern)
From the richest (to the poorest)
To the elders (in the coffins)
Living native (dying for it) understand
And know that I love you
Yea, yea, we got love in the place
Shout out from up top (to the middle)
To black bottom (sky high!)
Whether you colder than December
Or hotter than July
It don't stop til we complete this
And know that I love you
Keep this fly
It's so much to life when you just
Stay black
My people, my people8Embed
We all got to have, some place that we come from (Home: a place where someone lives, a residence)
This place that we come from is called home (The physical structure within which one lives, such as a house)
We set out on our travels, we do the best we can (A dwelling place with the social unit that occupies it, a household)
We travel this big earth as we roam (An environment offering security and happiness. A valued place. A native habitat)
We all got to have, some place where we come from (A place where something is discovered, founded, developed, or promoted)
This place that we come from is called home (A source, a headquarters, a home base)
And even though we may love, this place on the map (All correlating to a teams place of origin on or into the point of which something is directed to the center or the heart. ?)
Said it ain't where ya from, it's where ya at

I come up in the street around some real wild brothers
With more than one name and more than one baby mother
More than one case, been on more than one run
Got more than one enemy and more than one gun
Partner, all that is left to want is more
While them cats whose less privileged is just more raw
Less space cause the projects laced with more flaws
Less sleep cause the nights ain't peace, it's more war
The can is raw like thirsty, rainy season thunder claps
On the block with your old pop pleading number act
To the spot with the red top fiends is huddled at
To the crib where the little kids spend their summers trapped
With the jungle cats, lions and tigers, leopards and cheetahs
For gazelle you get chased like a zebra, they blaze cheeba-cheeba
And dominate the weaker on the street
Hungry bellies only love what they eat and it's hard to compete
When they smilin with your heart in they teeth
And the odds is stacked high beyond and beneath
Son I been plenty places in my life and time
And regardless where home is, son home is mine
You might also like
We all got to have (in this world) some place where we come from (travellin travellin travellin travellin)
This place that we come from is called home (so many places I go)
We set out on our travels, (in this world) we do the best we can  (travellin travellin)
We travel this big earth as we roam (roam roam roam)
We all got to have, some place that we come from (people all over the world)
This place that we come from is called home (got to have some place to call home)
And even though we may love, this place on the map (place on the map)
Said it ain't where ya from, (ain't where you from) it's where ya at

Some people live out in-New York City
Some people live out in-Atlanta
Some people got to live-Chicago
Some people do live-Miami
All my people at-California
And other people got to live-London
And everybody got to live in the whole big world
Together just you and me

When I think of home, my remembrance of my beginning
Laundromat helping ma dukes fold the bed linen
Chillin in front my building with my brother and them
Spending nights in Bushwick with my cousins and them
Wise town and Beat Street, federal relief
Slowly melting in the morning grits we used to eat
Sticking to your teeth and teeth is hard to keep
With every flavor Now & Later only a dime apiece
Old timers on the bench playing cards and thangs
Telling tales about they used to be involved in things
Start to drinking, talking loud, cussing up and showing out
On the phone, call the cops, pick'em up, move'em out
And it's all too common to start wildin
I'm a pirate on an island seeking treasure known as silence
And it's hard to find
Block parties in dark lobbies
Funeral homes packed but only dark bodies
I can't sleep hardly, stirred up like Bob Marley
Marley Marl played the symphony, remember we recall
Son I been to many places in my space and time
And whatever my home is, son home is mine
We all got to have, (been all over this world) some place where we come from (travellin travellin travellin travellin)
This place that we come from is called home (so many places I go)
We set out on our travels, (set out on the travels) we do the best we can (and do the best I can)
We travel this big earth as we roam (? best I know)
We all got to have, (we all got to have) some place where we come from (some place you call home)
This place that we come from is called home (some place your heart can be close to)
And even though we may love, (we may love) this place on the map (this place on the map)
Said it ain't where ya from, (no no) it's where ya at (it ain't where ya at)
I said it ain't where ya from, (hey hey) it's where ya at
I said it ain't where ya from, (no no) it's where ya at
(I said it ain't where ya from, it's where ya at)
(I said it ain't where ya from, it's where ya at)
(I said it ain't where ya from, it's where ya at)
It's where ya at5Embed
Back up, back up, back up, back up
Back up back up back up back up EASE off
This goes out to all area crew (yes yes)
To my BK crew (ooh-OOOOOOOH-WHEEE) to my QB crew
My LI crew, my Shaolin crew
My Dirty South crew
(What cha'll niggas know about the Dirty South?)
Atlanta, North Cakalak'
For all my fam, all area crew (AOWWWWWWWWW)
Yeah mon!!

Yes, the first cut should be the deepest
To penetrate beyond the muscle wall's inner regions
First you was icing me, connect with the staring at the speakers
Heard the rhyme, head high, what ya starin at ya sneakers
You shy now, got a lot of things on your mind now
You don't feel fly now, you hunting the exit sign down
Fuck what you heard, 'cause I snatch the grapevine down
(yea yeah)
Don't understand how I ran the line down? Rewind now

Yo, we be the most magnetic, so athletic
Leave your peeps on the side
So they can watch you and your mans get it
Take the arch rivalry stance up on the podium
And give the flavor to niggas but keep it low on sodium
Possess shit that got you wondering how we holdin 'em
Things that'll lay you out like a piece of linoleum
Bring who-ever you want, we bout to bug, son, and bounce
Down to Henry Hudson, after I bust one!
You might also like
Ay Mos Def! Alright okay
How you feel? Feeling great
What you want? I wanna do it to death
What's up with you?
You know my steez, true indeed
Say it loud, black and proud
Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate, do it now!
Bus-a-Bus, What-a-gwan?
How you feel? Feeling great
What you want? I wanna do it to death, what up wit you?
You know my steez, true indeed
Say it loud, Black and proud
Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate, do it now!

Ay dios mio, me and Bustarimo muy peligro
The two hottest negroes en Los Estados Unidos
Hotter than Reno when discovered by Bugsy Siegel
I'm black like Don Cheadle shoutin' power to the people
My rhymes dipping like the lifeline on the e-boat
The raw sugar cane, NutraSweet, never Equal
If you in a Benzito or your mother's Buick Regal
I get up like Chino shoutin power to the people

Yo, me and the Mighty Mos shine like a light post
Live nigga shit be straight fucking up the white folks
That's why they with it now, because niggas like me and you
We did it now, brought it to that level so they get it now
We graduated saturated the game now
Infatuated with the fame now, let me explain how
We doing this, at any time or any place ready willing and able
Let's get the dough secure the food on the table
Ay Mos Def! Oh my god
How you feel? Feeling great
What you want? I wanna do it to death
What's up with you?
You know my steez, true indeed
Say it loud, black and proud
Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate, do it now!
Bus-a-Bus, rhymes galore
What's the deal? Feeling great
What you want? I wanna do it to death, what up with you?
You know my steez, true indeed
Say it loud, black and proud
Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate, do it now!

From east, west, north, and south, I got joints for all of those
Heavy aquatic water flows keepin' them on they toes
Tell them thugs that wanna be CEOs to be derobed
'Fore I wear your little dumb ass out like Easter clothes!

Yo, yo yo yo yo
It's like a freak show, soon as my heat blow
Sometime I speak slow so people understand my street flow
And while we keep it hot, we got the most shine up in
This whole shit, me and Mos spit and blow the show quick
Watch out, your pussy sound get bucked south
Mos and Busta Rhymes too bad man-a-shutout
Watch out, give a damn what fancy car ya hop out
Shut down your game like the NBA lockout

You better watch out, I'm 'bout to black on niggas
Like I'm blowin on a sax, blowin my gats on niggas
Blowin my raps on niggas, now let me mash out
We fatter than the biggest ass chicks pokin' they ass out

Ay Mos Def! Magnetism
How you feel? Feeling great
What you want? I wanna do it to death, what's up with you?
You know my steez, true indeed
Say it loud, black and proud
Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate, do it now!
Bus-a-Bus, woo ha!
How you feel? Feeling great
What you want? I wanna do it to death, what up with you?
You know my steez, true indeed
Say it loud, black and proud
Ain't no time to hesitate at the gate, do it now!

What what, we got to do it, do it
We got to do it, do it, make me do it, do it
What.. wha-what-what, we got to do it, do it
Make me do it, do it
Do it do it do it now!
What what, we got to do it, do it
Do we do it, do it, do it, ah do it now!
What what, we got to do it, do it
Got to do it, do it
Do it now!9Embed
Make me wanna holla!
"Ah.. ah-ah, ah-ah.. ah-ah, ah-lert the squad.."
Rock and roll
(Huh) My grandmomma was raised on a reservation
(Huh) My great-grandmama was, from a plantation
They sang - songs for inspiration
They sang - songs for relaxation
They sang - songs, to take their minds up off that
Fucked up situation
I am, yes I am, the descendant (yes yes)
Of those folks whose backs got broke
Who fell down inside the gun smoke
(Black people!) Chains on their ankles and feet
I am descendants of the builders of your street
(Black people!) Tenders to your cotton money
I am hip-hop
"It's heavy metal for the black people"
I am rock and roll (rock and roll, rock'n'roll)
Been here forever
They just ain't let you know (HA!)
I said, Elvis Presley ain't got no soul (huh)
Chuck Berry is rock and roll (damn right)
You may dig on the Rolling Stones
But they ain't come up with that style on they own (uh-uh)
Elvis Presley ain't got no soul (hell naw)
Little Richard is rock and roll (damn right)
You may dig on the Rolling Stones
But they ain't come up with that shit on they own (nah-ah)
You might also likeGuess that's just the way shit goes
You steal my clothes and try to say they yours (yes they do)
Cause it's a show filled with pimps and hoes
Trying to take everything that you made or control (there they go)
Elvis Presley ain't got no soul
Bo Diddley is rock and roll (damn right)
You may dig on the Rolling Stones
But they ain't the first place the credit belongs
Say whoa-oh (don't take it)
Oh-we-oh (black music)
Whoa-oh (don't take it)
Oh-we-oh (black music)
Whoa-oh (Jimi Hendrix say)
Oh-we-oh (black music)
Whoa-oh (Albert King and)
Oh-we-oh (and Motown)
I ain't trying to diss
But I don't be trying to fuck with Limp Bizkit ("The fuck is on your mind?")
When I get down in my zone
I be rockin Bad Brains and Fishbone
I ain't tryin to slow your groove
But that ain't the way I'm trying to move
I don't turn on Korn to get it on;
I be playing Jimi Hendrix 'til the dawn
That's my word is bond
Sitting up on my front lawn
Got the volume turned to ten
Playing Albert King the best again (black)
When the morning in the cooker
Got to turn on some John Lee Hooker
When I want some rock and roll
Go to Otis Redding to get some soul
Say, James Brown got plenty of soul
James Brown like to rock and roll
He can do all the shit fo' sho'
That Elvis Presley could never know (black people)
Said, Kenny G ain't got no soul
John Coltrane is rock and roll (uh-huh)
You may dig on the Rolling Stones
But they could never ever rock like Nina Simone

Say whoa-oh (don't take it)
Oh-wee-oh (black music)
Whoa-oh (don't take it)
Oh-we-oh (black music)
Whoa-oh (don't take it)
Oh-we-oh (black music)
Whoa-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh-oh
"ah-lert the squad"
{*Music picks up pace and gets louder*}
Who am I, huh!
Get your punk ass up
Elvis Presley ain't got no soul
Jimi Hendrix is rock and roll
You may dig on the Rolling Stones
But everything they did they stole
Elvis Presley ain't got no soul
Bo Diddley is rock and roll
You may dig on the Rolling Stones
But we send their punk ass home
Who am I? (Rock and roll) (x10)
Say, rock and roll!
Who am I? Rock and roll! (x6)
Get your punk ass up
Company, move
For Harlem, Fort Greene, Compton
East St. Louis, Detroit (BO BO)
Chicago (BO BO) Bed-Stuy (BO BO)
Flatbush (BO BO) Brownsville (BO BO)
East New York (BO BO) Newark New Jersey (BO BO)
Illadelphia Cincinnati Atlanta the Dirty South
All towns GET YOUR PUNK ASS UP!!
"Rock and roll for the black people"
Hi ma
"Well that was just wonderful"2Embed
I don't wanna write this down
I wanna tell you how I feel right now
I don't wanna take no time to write this down
I wanna tell you how I feel right now, heyyyy! (World premiere)
Tomorrow may never come
For you or me, life is not promised
Tomorrow may never show up
For you and me, this life is not promised
I ain't no perfect man
I'm tryin' to do the best that I can with what it is I have
I ain't no perfect man
I'm tryin' to do the best that I can with what it is I have

Put my heart and soul into this song
I hope you feel me
From where I am, to wherever you are
I mean that sincerely
Tomorrow may never come
For you and me, life is not promised
Tomorrow may never appear
You better hold this very moment very close to you (Right now)
Very close to you (Right now)
So close to you! (Right.. NOW!) Soooo close to you!
Don't be afraid, just let it shine
You might also like
My Umi said shine your light on the world
Shine your light for the world to see
My Abi said shine your light on the world
Shine your light for the world to see
My Umi said shine your light on the world
Shine your light for the world to see
My Abi said shine your light on the world
Shine your light for the world to see

I want black people to be free, to be free, to be free
All black people to be free, to be free, to be free
All black people to be free, to be free, to be free
All black people to be free, to be free, to be free
All black people to be free...
Sometimes, I get discouraged
I look around and, things are so weak, people are so weak
Sometimes, sometimes, I feel like cryin'
Sometimes, my heart beat's heavy
Sometimes, I just wanna leave and.. fly away! (Fly, like a dove)
Sometimes, I don't know what to do with myself (Ow!!!)
Passion takes over me
Feel like a man, goin' insane, losin' my brain, tryna maintain, doin' my thang
Hey-hey-hey-hey-hey
Put my heart and soul into this, y'all!
I hope you feel me, where I am to wherever you are (Ha-ha!)
Sometimes, I don't wanna be bothered
Sometimes, I just want a quiet life — me and my baby, me and my lady
Sometimes, I don't wanna get into no war
Sometimes, I don't wanna be a soldier
Sometimes, I just wanna be a man, but..
Umi said shine your light on the world
Shine your light for the world to see
My Abi said shine your light on the world
Shine your light for the world to see
My Jiddo said shine your light on the world
Shine your light for the world to see
My elders said shine your light on the world
Shine your light for the world to see

I want black people to be free, to be free, to be free
All my people to be free, to be free, to be free
All black people to be free, to be free, to be free
All black people to be free
That's all that matters to me
That's all that matters to me
That's all that matters to me
That's all that matters to me
That's all that matters to me
That's all that matters to me

Black people unite and let's all get down
Gotta have what? Gotta have that love
Peace and understanding
One God, one light
One man, one voice, one mic
Black people unite, come on, and do it right
Black people unite, come on, and do it right
Black people unite, come on, and get down
Gotta have what? Love, peace and understanding
One God, one voice, one life
One man, gon' shine my light
Black people unite, now hop up and do it right
Black people unite, now come on and do it right
Yeah, baby, that's what I like
Yeah, baby, that's what I like
Black people
My people
Black people
My people
My people
My people28Embed
There's nothing more refreshing (That cool refreshing drink)
Than having a clear, crisp, clean glass of water
On a warm summer's day (That cool refreshing drink)
Try it with your friends

New World Water make the tide rise high
Come inland and make your house go "Bye" (My house!)
Fools done upset the Old Man River
Made him carry slave ships and fed him dead niggas
Now his belly full and he about to flood somethin'
So I'm throwin' rope that ain't tied to nothin'
Tell your crew use the H2 in wise amounts since
The New World Water; and every drop counts
You can laugh and take it as a joke if you wanna
But it don't rain a full week some summers
And it's about to get real wild in the half
You be buying Evian just to take a fuckin bath
Heads is acting wild, sippin' poor, puffin' dank
Competin' with the next man for higher playin' rank
See I ain't got time tryin' to be Big Hank
Fuck a bank; I need a twenty-year water tank
Cause while these knuckleheads is out here sweatin' they goods
The sun is sitting in the treetops, burnin' the woods
And as the flames from the blaze get higher and higher
They say, "Don't drink the water! We need it for the fire!"
You might also like
New York is drinkin' it (New World Water)
Now all of California is drinkin' it (New World Water)
Way up North and Down South is drinkin' it (New World Water)
Used to have minerals and zinc in it (New World Water)
Now they say it got lead and stink in it (New World Water)
Fluorocarbons and monoxide
Push the water table lopside
Used to be free, now it cost you a fee
'Cause oil tankers spill they load as they roam across the sea

Man, you gotta cook with it, bathe and clean with it (That's right)
When it's hot, summertime you fiend for it (Let 'em know)
You gotta put it in the iron you steamin' with (That's right)
It's what they dress wounds and treat diseases with (Shout it out)
The rich and poor, black and white got need for it (That's right)
And everybody in the world can agree with this (Let 'em know)
Consumption promotes health and easiness (That's right)
Go too long without it on this earth and you leavin' it (Shout it out)
Americans wastin' it on some leisure shit (Say word?)
Another nation be desperately seekin' it (Let 'em know)
Bacteria washing up on they beaches (Say word?)
Don't drink the water, son they can't wash they feet with it (Let 'em know)
Young babies in perpetual neediness (Say word?)
Epidemics hoppin' up off the petri dish (Let 'em know)
Control centers try to play it all secretive (Say word?)
To avoid public panic and freakiness (Let 'em know)
There are places where TB is common as TV
Cause foreign-based companies go and get greedy
The type of cats who pollute the whole shore line
Have it purified, sell it for a dollar twenty-five
Now the world is drinkin' it (New World Water)
Your moms, wife, and baby girl is drinkin' it (New World Water)
Up North and Down South is drinkin' it (New World Water)
You should just have to go to your sink for it (New World Water)
The cash registers is goin' "cha-chink!" for it (New World Water)
Fluorocarbons and monoxide
Got the fish lookin' cockeyed
Used to be free, now it cost you a fee
'Cause it's all about gettin' that cash (Money)

Said it's all about gettin' that cash (Money)
Said it's all about gettin' that cash (Money)
Said it's all about gettin' that cash (Money)
Said it's all about gettin' that cash (Money)
Said it's all about gettin' that cash (Money)
Said it's all about gettin' that cash (Money)
Said it's all about gettin' that cash (Money)
Said it's all about gettin' that cash (Money)
Said it's all about gettin' that cash (Money)
Johnny Cash (Money)
Roseanne Cash (Money)
Give me cash (Money)
Cold cash (Money)
Cash rules everything around me
Move!13Embed
Let's turn the drums up
Turn my vocals up, too
I oughta hear myself a lil more
Yeah, yeah, yeah
More 
Moto 
Nice 
Moto moto still 
Yeah 
Nice 
Good
Uh-huh
You wet it up a lil bit for me?
Yeah 
Bedstuy parade and funeral march
For fighters and lovers
How? 
I can't stand you, I just love you
I got something to give you, but I don't want to
The one I wanna be close to, but I can't trust you
Far as I can see you and I can't see good cuz
You keep me crying
Oohhoooo oohhoooo oohhoooo oohhoooo oohhoooo
You might also likeMy gangsta woman
Sweet gangsta woman
Pretty gangsta woman
Little killa woman
Sweet gangsta woman
Pretty killa woman
Sweet gangsta woman
Gangsta
Hahaha, I see you
How 
Gangsta 1Embed
Woman you know I love you
Woman you know just how I feel
You try to tell me that you don't know
When I know you know the deal
Woman you know I love you
Woman you know I care...
Hey
You try to say
I'm running game
You try to say baby you don't play fair
Oh darling
If there is any doubt in your mind
I want you to be sure...
Heeeey
If you don't ever see me again
I want you to be sure
That I love you
Oh girl
Oh baby I love you
Darling I love you...
Hey
Oh darling I love you...
Hey
(Turn the lights down low)
(Turn the lights down low)
You might also likeOh baby
You got to understand how I feel
You need to understand where I'm coming from
Ain't no need to be afraid
Ain't no need to get up and run
Oh darling
Oh girl you know I love you
Oh darling
You know I know I love you
Oh baby
If you never see me again
I need you to be sure
From this moment right now
Till for ever more
Said I love you
Love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love you, love
You, love you, love you, love you...
Babyyyy
Woman I love you
Woman I love you
Woman I love you
AAAAAAHHHHHH...
Woman I love you5Embed
Bismillah ir Rhman ir Raheem
Peace, peace whats up y'all this is Mos Def
And this is a message to the people
If you see or hear goodness from me
Then that goodness is from The Creator
You should be thankful to The Creator for all of that
'Cause I'm not the architect of that
I'm only the, the recipient
If you see weakness or shortcoming in me
It's from my own weakness or shortcoming
And I ask The Creator and the people to forgive me for that
Thank you Brooklyn, thank you world
Yeah, yeah there it is, turn my voice up in the top a little bit
It feel good to be back, what's up ochenta
It's the Black Dante in your headphones
Speakerbox, freaky radio
Everywhere on the dial, tell you a little bit about me
For my hometown, break down a little history for you
Myrtle and Broadway, Roosvelt projects, Marcy projects
Listen

I stepped on the field from no league, just home team
I Jumped out the stands and I snatched the rock
With the final seconds one, two, land on the clock
Mos post up to throw up the tie-breakin' shot
I put it through the net and let the world's jaw drop
Then fled the arena before they called cops
Tell the players and the coach I wasn't tryin to blow spot
But the way they was ballin' made it difficult to watch
I was taught when there's somethin' you can change around
Keep quiet, you got nothin' to complain about
You got work to do, I don't know if that work for you
But thats how Mos work it through
And my work is personal, I'm a workin person
I put in work, I work with purpose
I get it there, on the water, air, the surface
You feel the impact, niggas yeah it's workin
Listen God did not make me a fearful person
The only fear I have, Is my failure to adhear his path
I would love it just to hear this back
On the ghetto streets where y'all at
On the ave's where the Jeep's go past
In the coupes where the seats go back
In the parties where it be so packed
And the atmosphere be so black
And them black things be so phat
If I could I would be so glad
But if not I won't be so mad
I'm still being a man, still feeding my fam
And even if you don't see it my fam
I believe that I am, truly gifted, truly blessed
I'm yours truly, Brooklyn's own, Mos Def
I'm rockin the hard right, ground zero, to far left
I'm, well balanced, with immense talents
Burn the script, then flip it to keep myself challanged
And thats the mark of a true champ-ine
Thats whether I'm in or outside the ring
No fights, no tilte, no crown or reign
Feel my presence even when I'm up out this thing
Just trust, thats what I'm about to be
But until then settle in and rock with me
You might also like
Ha, thats what its about to be
Ghetto people look alive with me
And say, We 'gon, stop by
Then we just keep movin on
Ghetto people, look alive and
Feel free, we just keep movin on
For Aaliyah, Left Eye, Jam Master Jay
All the great hero's who have passed away
Scott Laraque, BIG and Pac, Feaky Tah, Big L
All the soldiers locked down in the cell
Lock up the flesh, but the spirit will prevail
To our loved ones, and deceased
Dyin' in the street, or quiet in their sleep, BIG
Rest in peace, your livin' in the mansions of our memory
Rest in peace, your livin' in the mansions of our memory
And that's real, cause everything in life 'gon come to an end
Because it must, and when it does
I hope that y'all remember me with true respect
And ghetto love, now raise it up
Cause everythin in life 'gon come to an end
Because it must, and when it does
I hope that y'all remember me
Black Dante, from Myrtle and Broadway, yeah, yeah y'all
Let me hear it back
Freaky radio (freaky radio) ha
Freaky radio (freaky radio) everywhere on the dial1Embed
Hello Children

Black Jack Johnson N.Y.C., R-O-C-K-I-N-G
Sun and the moon, earth, stars, and planets
Before song done, y'all gon' all understand it

Like - Hot
The haters can't fuck with it
Cause they mom and they sister and girl in love with it (And they niggas)
Sound man holla black, come with it (Come with it)
Spin the record 'till the record done spinning
Up top, is you getting up with it?
Dirty dirty, is you getting crunk with it?
Smokey smoke from coast to coast
Be careful our first draw be that overdose
Who stay holding it from Brooklyn? You know it's Mos!
Ha, Jackpot I (Sing yo) got to go for broke
Is this the only way the Smith Family know to go
Right here to my youngest one is older folks
I'ma put down like a dirty so and so
Freak daddy came here to work the mojo - oh
Because the - high is high and the low is low
And that go for the sinner man to holy folk
Put your shit in the sky like I know you know
Ha, my ghetto nation get toe to toe
Stay rocking steady steady cause I told you so
And after y'all get it go I let it go some more
That Black Jack about something for sure, for sure
For sure for sure 
Let me see you in the world making your shoulder roll
And if it get good tell your nigga throw your 'bows
You might also like
Cause we are so ghetto
Yes we are rock and roll
Yes we are so ghetto
Yes we are rock and roll
Yes we are so ghetto
Yes we are rock and roll
Yes we are so ghetto
Yes we are - rock and motherfucking roll (Woooo!)

Ha, I am a fighter and a lover
I'm the freaky baby daddy, I'm a bad motherfucker
I'm the earth, wind, fire, and the thunder
I said I am, go ask my mother
You don't believe that shit believe what you want to
Alright, OK, So, Shut-up!
Speak language come straight from the gutter
Observe the terms that we trade with one another
Like - what's good, what's popping, what's cracking
What it is, how you living, what's happening
Work songs that the slaves sang back then
The playground chants, with little girls clapping
 + (Girls chanting)
Black John Johnson N.Y.C., R-O-C-K-I-N-G
Sun and the moon, earth, stars, and planets
Before the song done, y'all gon' all understand it
Black John Johnson N.Y.C., R-O-C-K-I-N-G
Sun and the moon, earth, stars and planets
Before the song done, y'all gon' all understand it
Space!
Gimme the space!
Back up, gimme the space!!!
Let a nigga rock!
Gimme the space!
Let a nigga rock!
Let a nigga rock, ha!
This is the sound
Ghetto rock
This is the sound
Ghetto rock
This is the sound
Ghetto rock
This is the sound
Ghetto rock
This is the sound
Ghetto rock
This is the sound
Ghetto rock and - Motherfucking rolllllllll!Embed
Pull up to your spot on low
Shine brighter than all of the cats that got on glow
Lay in the cut like they not gon' know
'Cause if I gotta make a move, dawg, they not gon' know
This door marked private, this is not fo' show
Is Mos Def what you call real? Fo' sho'!
Is they what you call gangster? Hell no!
They get a little pinch and go snitch to the po'
They all talk fast and they all think slow
I'm Most Definite, not 'think so'!
Flood your city with the black ink flow
And my crew ain't scared to let them thangs go
So, stop with the nonsense like he conscious
I'm just awake, dawg, I'm doin' great, dawg
I don't play games, I don't playa hate y'all
Get it straight, or get the fuck up out my face, dawg!
I'm like the second plane that made the tower's face off
That shit that let you know it's really not a game, dawg
Your grind and my grind ain't the same, dawg
I'm the catalogue, you the same song
So cool and old school like eight-four
The one your little mami windin' up her waist for
The name the real niggas got they hand raised for
Me and Mini got your block yellow taped off
So skate off!
You might also like
(Don't push me, 'cause I'm close...)
To the streets, to the beats
The bitches, the niggas, the women, the children
The workers, the killers, the addicts, the dealers
The quiet, the livest, the realest
And that's close!
(Don't push me, 'cause I'm close...)
To the edge, back, middle and front
Strong back shit, liftin' it up
From the big and the small
I'm like J. Brown gettin' involved

And when I'm lettin' off a round, don't get in the cross
Have your preacher man speakin' low, gettin' his cross
Tell a wild cowboy not to get off they horse
Before they find out the town law is strictly enforced
It's a real bad way to get your name in The Source
Testin the limits of a dangerous force
You ended up dumb, famous and gone
Your people shoutin' out your name in they song
Pourin' liquor on the day you was born
Buyin' paint to put your face on a wall
C'mon, fall back! There's no need for all that, it's all good
We all here, goin' all out
All live, all day, listen when the song say
(Don't push me, 'cause I'm close...)
To the streets, to the beats
The bitches, the niggas, the women, the children
The workers, the killers, the addicts, the dealers
The quiet, the livest, the realest
And that's close!
(Don't push me, 'cause I'm close...)
To the edge, back, middle and front
Strong back shit, liftin' it up
From the big and the small
I'm like J. Brown gettin' involved
Now get yours!

Bang-a-bang-a, bang-diggy
Bang-a-bang-a, bang-diggy3Embed
Hear Me, See Me
Welcome to Soundview Projects
Bronx New York, 10473

Intersection action ribs touching
New gutter smacks replacing the whole Dutchman
Loose mamis fucking, they're definite land mines
Dudes with no right hustle throwing gang signs
Empty in the webbings broke and underpaid
Fighting federal cases with legal aids
The unlit stage tonight performing lime desires to eat
Can get you in a 8 by 5, the corner's younger
I smell, feel, touch and taste their hunger
Next in line to rep these street signs to their blunder
Under, wiping tears from his eyes facing the felony
These niggas wanna be Pistol Pete - without the penalty
His last words, promise me this much in death:
"Don't let my boy grow up to retrace my steps"
Minne- stay safe move quiet and get it
If you encounter opposition get a inch from their face with It
Later amigo, digest the data end discreetly
Sex money and boss my ties to hear me see me
True villain, face covered, driving gloves
Commit by my lonely when push comes to shove
They say that grown men lay on they prey, took shorts in the street
Came back and made up for that with that white sheet
Revenge is best served cold, get it the same way you give it
This ain't fear I just need to get away with it
So don't stop over here, you're looking at me like I'm lame
But I'm looking at y'all like "You call this the drug game?"
Grandchild hosing sims, put the heroin in queens
Put Pops Freeman on in the early seventies
I sat in rooms with money machines
Drugs sitting three feet off of the floor, cover the smell of the raw
Chess moves like Barksdale, my connects untimely
King Henry from 12th street flooded the Bronx in the 90's
03 scene MVP and one Accord
Boss makes decision paper wins awards
You might also like
See Me, Hear Me
Welcome to Brooklyn, New York City 11206
Roosevelt Projects, wild rose water the plant

Son you know what it is
From the moment that you come over the bridge
And if you don't ride with me I'ma show you some shit
I'mma show you how my niggas stay sure in the mix
I'mma show you where the pain in the poetry is
Ghetto young'ns spend a lot of time alone in the crib
BET on the screen, walls and posters of BIG
Hustlers getting dough sitting low on the 6
Blazing up the ambro', with glow over their wrist
Hop in the game knowing the risk, still down to load up their clip
Gamblers with hopes of rolling the trip
But when you hear a head crack there ain't no rolling again
Snatch the dice and everything you want is going to them
That's how it happens
Good people, bad habits
Diabetics, crack addicts, asthmatics
Searching for the truth, leaping through the holy tablet
The Bible, the Quran, or the ten crack commandments
Speak on it God: "What's today's mathematics?
The five day forecast? The Dow Jones average?
The price of beer, cigarettes, bread, milk and pampers?"
Life is a test and we've all got to answer
The streets keep calling. It's hard not answer
And on my government-my attribute-my all
So it's only natural I holla black and respond
Brooklyn stand up and make 'em all sit down
Cock hard with no coat we do not fuck around
That's what it is (All Day)
That's what is niggas (Official, Official)
That's how it is niggas (M-Don, M-Definite)
BX, BK live all day
Get with it
Grown Man BusinessEmbed

This desire...

I come home high and she start to cry
I can't take it
A brand new excuse does me no use
That won't make it
She be home with the kids, this is no way to live
What can I say?
I know it's surreal but I'm a hard headed still
Do things my way

And it's so strong, soo strong
It's like I'm dying
Trying to hold on, my body says oh no, oh, out there...

Flying, the price that I pay for the game that I play
Ain't no game at all
I'm up in the clouds and I'm spiraling down
Nothing breaks the fall
You might also like
And it's so strong, so strong
It's like I'm dying..
Try to hold on, my body says oh no oh out there
Flying..
Sounds of the sufferers pray

I come home high and she start to cry
I can't take it..
A brand new excuse does me no use
That won't make it..
She at home with the kids, this is no way to live
What can I say?
I know it's surreal but I'm a hard headed still
Black Dante and it's so strong..
So strong...
So strong...
So strong...

I'm out there flying
Flying...
Flying...
Flying...
This game is fantastic... desire...


Killers... this life, this life
Lovers... this life, this life
Hustlers... this life, this life
Thieves... this life, this life
Gamblers... this life, this life
Niggas... Crackers... Children... Mothers... Fathers... Lovers... Neighbors... Hungry...
Full... the beautiful... the stars... the distance... the close... the stars...
The heavens... this life
The floor... this life, this life
The high... this life
The beneath... this life, this life
All..all... everywhere... everywhere... anywhere... somewhere... home...

Come on, this how it goes on
Ghetto people in the world today, get up!
Ha! Look alive, breathe..wooh!
Ha! How it goes...

Mother, mother...
Head in her hands
Her first born son dead in her hands
The whole thing was a setup, a scam
They knew it was set up and planned
Niggas he worked with wet him and ran, and that's..
Brother, Brother...
But son, I don't see no brother hood
All I see is thugger hood
Get rich and fuck the hood
All they want is some good smoke from the hood
Lookin for the shorty good stroke from the hood
That's how they touch the hood
But when I touch the hood, I'll make it brighter, black
Because I'm brighter, black
And I'm so black I'm bright, shine through the blackest night
Shine when I'm live, shine via satellite
Shout in the hood, we get the picture
Cuz everytime you out in the hood, you got photographers witcha
What's going on? Ha!
Understand this is real life...
This how it goes on, this how it goes on...
It keep going on, this how it goes on...
Ghetto people look alive, get free
Get involved, remain to breathe...Ha! Wooh!

If Marvin was alive now, wow... what would I say to him?
Where could I start? How could I explain to him??
I know the minor world would probably look strange to him
Would he feel like today had a place for him?
Global imprisonment, sickness, indifference
When he said, "Save the babies," was we listenin?
When he said, "Mercy, mercy," did he really know..
That decades later we'd still be killin folks?
Or did he hope that we would realize..
That we the first, the son of earth..
The moon and stars, the great beyond..
We black and proud, we brave and strong..
We raise it up, we quiet storm, forever fresh..
And keepin on..?

Ha! Ghetto people look alive and free, ya get real
This how it goes on, and you say you say
This how it goes on, and you say you say
This how it goes on
Ghetto people look alive and free and breathe! Ha!

Hold the beat! Stop the beat! Drop the beat!
Hold the beat! Stop the beat! Drop the beat!
Hold the beat! Stop the beat! Drop the beat!
Hold the beat! Stop the beat! Got the beat!

There ain't nothin to be afraid of..
Ghetto people look alive and free, ya get real...
This how it goes on
This how it goes on, keep goin on..
This how it goes on
Now breathe!
Marvelous, marvelous, marvelous Marvin
Modern Marvel...Embed
Boogie man, boogie man, boogie man
BOOGIE MAN! (Hello children!)
My whole life is real
My life {*4X*}
A-ha, Brooklyn you know
My life, my life, my life, my life
It's a real thang

Listen
My whole life is real, morning news and nights is real
What I spit and I write is real, cuz my life is real
My own life is ill!
Filled with magic's strife to scale
Sun bright, no time to chill, got all type of bills
I got seeds I gotta feed with this
They be needin shit, I got ex-wife beef and shit
That's how deep it get
My whole life is real, my whole life is ill
A fantastic, a beautiful mess
And life nigga in America: the usual stress
I do it to the up, low, the east and the west, I
Do it to most, I do it to death
I do so it good they don't know what to do with theyselves
Well do this: MOVE!
Back, forward, mo'
Life is real, let's move on
You might also like
My whole life is real, morning news and nights is real
What I spit and I write is real, cuz my life is ILL
Filled with magic's strife to scale
Sun bright, no time to chill
Got all type of bills
I got seeds I gotta feed with this
I got streets I gotta reach with this
That's how deep it get

My whole life is ill, my whole life is real
Mornings, noon's, nights
Birthdays, workdays, holidays, funerals. the usual
Life is real!
Sunday to Monday, school, your gunplay, politics, bullshit
Life is real!
Shootings, stabbing, free tray, arrest
Crush, kill, destroy, cheques
Death. rebirth
Reach the world but touch the street first
Life goin in every direction but rewind
Niggas is waiting for the light to dive down
On a park a hustler plays the hide out
Somebody's gotta notice it's a matter of time before the world fine out
The earth dry out and push the hintin to high ground,life style--Hostile
Real, life real real
So real, too real, news real--edited
The close up block out the rest of it
True evident, false measurement
Crunk superstar, thug president
Tricks allegiance, M-def payment ship
Scribe lively, so timely,that is timeless
And is lovely, and is ugly, as it must be

My whole life is real, ha-haa!
Brooklyn know
My life my, My life my, My life my, My life my
B.X. know
My life my (*4X*}
Real niggas all over the world
My life my {*4X*), it's a real thang
Whoooo!
Boogie man!1Embed
I just want you to, relax
Ease into it
Baby slow down, just take your time
You and me gon' be here for a while, okay
Baby don't rush this, take your time
You and me gon' be here for a while, okay
I got so much that I want to do
I just wanna be close to you, okay
I got so much that I want to do
That I can show you better than I can say
Don't wanna be nowhere but here
Nowhere in this atmosphere
Stratosphere, ionosphere
Ain't no sphere that's bright like here
Don't wanna be nowhere but here
Nowhere in this atmosphere, I'm good where I am
Baby slow down, take your time
You and me goin' be here for a while, okay, hey
I got so much that I want to do
I can show you better than I can say, let me show you
Let me show you, let me show you
Let me show you, let me show you
I wanna show you, let me show you
Let me show you, let me show you
You might also likeOh baby, you make me feel so good
Come let me take you by the hand
Oh baby, you make me feel so good
Let me show you how, let me show you how
Let me show you now, let me show it out
Let me show you how, I wanna show ya how
Let me show ya, let me show ya
Let me show ya, let me show ya, let me show ya, ohh
Baby slow down just take your time
You and me goin' be here for a while, okay, hey
I got so much that I want to do
That I can show you better than I can say
Enough talk and let's move
Come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on, come on
Come on, come on, come on, come on3Embed
C'mon
Boogie man business

Listen
Old white men is runnin' this rap shit
Corporate forces runnin' this rap shit
Some tall Israeli is runnin' this rap shit
We poke out our asses for a chance to cash in
Cocaine, is runnin' this rap shit
Dro, 'gnac and E-pills is runnin' this rap shit
The rape over, turn your face over nigga
No god in disguise, it's me, game over

Hey lil souljahs is you ready for war?
But don't ask what you're fighting for
Just hope that you survived the gunfight, the drama, the stress
You get in the line of fire, we get the big ass cheques
You gettin your choice of pimp, make your choice and fall in
This is ho stroll B I, take that cock in your behind, biatch
Hit the streets and perform for us
Hold hard and bring it on to us, fucker
I let you sip cups of Army, get a Mercedes
And kick back and let you pay me, my Mack is crazy
I leave the, knife and fist fight filled with glamour
Yeah, take a picture with this platinum-plated sledgehammer
We over-do it, add the fire and explosion to it
We sow confusion, we run rap music
You might also like
MTV, is runnin' this rap shit
Viacom is runnin' this rap shit
AOL and Time Warner runnin' this rap shit
We poke out our asses for a chance to cash in
Cocaine, is runnin' this rap shit
Hennessey, is runnin' this rap shit
Quasi-homosexuals is runnin' this rap shit
Watch out we run the world

That's it6Embed
Sex, love and money, fun
Brooklyn, sex, love, and money
Get up, come, danger
You are now rockin' with the best
Black Dante exclusive, fire in the dark
Fire in the dark, ghetto let this spark

Freaky black beauty with the party pal
Where you work it out got me fiendin'
Bam, I hit the G ready for the street
Heavy, ghetto sweet breezing through the evening
Bam, I'm on the lounge path for the warm blast
Got the John Shaft cocked back and loaded
Bam, I beat it, word john, body awesome
Is the way that you come that got me goin'
Bam, I'm on the back streets rollin'
I'm playin back all the magic moments
Don't front, you know I got ya, know I got ya
You sneaky freaky, but I know about ya, know about ya
You straight dope, I can't do without ya, go without ya
Lay back and relax you mind, I'm 'bout to
Double the doses in half the time
Ha, master physical, mastermind
You play it quiet but in private that ass is mine
We body rockin' the last of time
And then we, we body rockin' the last of time
And then we, body rockin' the last of time
And then we, her body rockin' huh, her body rockin'
Now shell on one deep it ain't nobody steppin'
Honey shell on ten deep it ain't nobody steppin'
Thousand shell or hundred deep, I'm there the body rockin', come on
You might also like
I wanna show you in my ghetto miss I'm a star
I wanna show you love, I just can't help myself
I wanna show you in my ghetto miss I'm a star
I wanna show you love, I just can't help myself
Whoooa...whaaa ohh whaaa
Freaky, freaky, freaky, freaky black
Freaky, freaky, freaky, freaky black
Freaky freaky black, freaky freaky black
Sex love and money, fun
Brooklyn, Sex love and money --come
Fun-- temperature's risin'

Freaky black beauty pretty purse and blouse
The way you twerk it out got me leanin' --bam
I hit the streets easy in my seat
Lighting on my feet breezy like the evening --bam
I'm on the lunch pack feel the warm blast
Boogie Bohn Shaft cocked and loaded --bam
Top and bottom, body awesome
Is the way that you come that got me goin' --bam
I'm on the back roads rollin', rollin'
I'm playin back all the magic moments, don't front
She know I got'cha, know I got'cha
You sneaky freaky, but I know about'cha, know about'cha
You goog hurricane, go without'cha, go without'cha
Lay back and relax you mind
I'm bout to, double the doses in half the time, huh
Master physical, mastermind
You play it quiet but in private a-ha a-ha, huh
We body rockin the last of time
And then we, we body rockin the last of time
And then we, we body rockin the last of time
And then we, the body rockin huh, the body rockin huh
The body rockin huh, the body rockin huh, the body rockin huh
The body rockin says, DON'T STOP THE BODY ROCK
I wanna show you in my ghetto miss I'm a star
I wanna show you love, I just can't help myself
I wanna show you in my ghetto miss I'm a star
I wanna show you love, I just can't help myself
Whoooa...whaaa ohh whaaa
Freaky, freaky, freaky, freaky black
Freaky, freaky, freaky, freaky black
Freaky freaky black, freaky freaky black
Sex love and money, fun
Brooklyn, Sex love and money --come
Fun-- temperature's risin'
DANGER
Ain't gotta say no moreEmbed
Bismillah ir Rhman ir Raheem
{In The Name Of God, The Most Merciful, The Most Compassionate}
What it is, what it is, what it is
What it is
What it is, what it is, what it is
What it is
See me, want me, give me, touch me
Feed me, fuck me, love me, trust me
This whole world is cold and ugly
What we are is low and lovely
I am the most beautiful boogie man
The most beautiful boogie man
Let me be your favorite nightmare
Close your eyes and I'll be right there
Wide open... All over... Again
See me, touch me, give me, want me
Feed me, fuck me, trust me, love me
This whole world is cold and ugly
What we are is low and lovely
I am the most beautiful boogie man
The most beautiful boogie man
Let me be your favorite nightmare
Close your eyes and I'll be right there
Wide open... All over... Again, again...
Ag-a-in
(Fades Out)You might also like1Embed
War is a global economic phenomenon

Ain't a batch of guns on where, hellfire
Spittin', burn up everything they hittin'
Some do they job to dodge the barrage
As sleek projectiles never stay bound
Fire bite invades the night with light
Loud, fighter planes shout shell rain
When they shot to kill cops on the terrain
And leave any brain that may remain stained
You god damn right this war goin' too far
Socialists think they converse with the stars
Wars found, my find the beauty in the stars
I level with death even beneath radar
I level with death even beneath radar
I level with death and she got pretty eyes
Nobody told me death was so damn fine
I go to sleep with that girl on my mind
Wake up and I'm still on the fire in line
Grab my heat, then it's get down time
One day I'mma make that girl all mine
But for now I'm a soldier abidin' my time
Writin' my rhyme behind enemy lines
Palestine, Kosovo, Cashmere
No different than the avenues right here
An increase in the murder rate each year
Paramilitary unit keep the streets clear
Curtains up on the theatre of warfare
Dramatic politics nightly preformed here
Worldwide from Colombia to Columbine
Don holders keep ya dollar signs on the line
You might also like
"I don't want to rule or conquer anyone
I should like to help everyone if possible
Jew, gentile, black man, white
We all want to help one another
Human beings are like that
We want to live by each other's happiness
Not by each other's misery
In this world, there's room for everyone
And the good earth is rich
And can provide for everyone a way of life"
Fuck that

You know the drill
Fix ya face
I'mma hustle off the hill
Go get my money man
Go get my money man
See every hunter need to kill
Go get my money man
I'm old school from off the hill
Go get my money man
Go get my money man
I give a fuck what I do
Go get my money man
Go get my money man
Go get that money man
Go get my money man
Go get that money man
Gimme my money man
Gimme my money
Fuck you, pay me
Fuck you, pay me
Fuck you, pay me
Fuck you, pay me
Fuck you, pay me
Fuck you, pay me
Fuck you, pay me
Fuck you, pay me
Gimme the loot, Gimme the loot, Gimme the lootEmbed
Yeah
Give it to 'em
Yes, yes, yes, yes, aha ah!
Ghetto people.. this one's for you
And you and you and you
And you and you in the front
Yo!
Jack Johnson (Aha) alive and stompin'
Undisputed heavyweight champ (Aha) of the world

Yo I'm live with it, low, middle, to high with it
And that's how I'mma live and die with it
All up and down your spine with it, Like Zimzallabim
Jack Johnson, yes my dog, wild with them!
The most special, most ghetto, most mental, most valuable
Rep my avenue like it's the damn state capital
Come and travel through minds, a better mark of greatness
On slaves who high jacked the slave ships
The hackers who could crack the matrix, and build the road back to basics
And get y'all all off that strange shit
You know these other cats run game with, it's tainted
Consider this the moment that changed it: NOW!
Jack John stand strong never bow down
Back off or get clapped dog right about POW
From east to the west, up north to down south
We show you how to REALLY make a moshpit bounce
Show you how to really make the ghetto wild out
First letters that I wrote when I sketch the script down
I'm live wit' it, low, middle, to high with it
And that's how I'mma live and die with it, I shine with it
Rhyme with it, revered and recognized with it
The ghetto know what time is it, when I spit it
Me 9-semi, an iron lion strike with it
See Dr. Know string a knot and make 'em ride with it
You might also like X2
And look alive
Ghetto rock with me
Look alive
Ghetto rock with me
Aha yeah
Throw it up
Ghetto rock with me
Show it up
Ghetto rock with me

Born to rock, serve my portion hot
Rock the booze water on any bully on your block
My flow tighter than a big titty halter top
Doper than a floyd flake that they bought they pops
Since I bright a con duke of course I'm not
My sharp mind join the dots and boil they pots
A lot of cats talk noise a lot, but then the noise is stopped
When the heavy sound voice in charge
And this is no limp bizkit this is jack's fat cock
Loaded up slide it back, ghetto black rock
Brooklyn got the bumrush that you can't stop
These the hungry hands that gon snatch your cash box
I never gave a second thought to fucking with y'all
Cuz my first thought covered it all: YOU WHACK!!!
And I don't care what you sound since not mumblin y'all
Cause you can't do me nothing at all
Which means, you can't shine my shoes, wash my drawers
Clean my car, walk my dog, mow my lawn
In other words duke, I don't need SHIT from them
All I got is hard rhymes and hot spit for them
And yeah, I got the country mule (raaatttttt) for them
See how dark it can get for them? Tell they mommas that's it for them
Get the flower vase sent for them
A sad story how it went for them
That's what you get for not listenin' FIRE!!
And a long verse of kumbayah, You stand strong you can't move higher
You move in "how we all can move higher?"
Ready to roll like new tire
Well I can show you who the true lion
True power move quiet, through the understandin' of the science
We live with it, low, middle to high with it
And that's how we gon' live and die with it, now ride with it!
Yeah, ghetto rock with me
Ghetto rock with me
Ghetto rock with me
Ghetto rock!! Ghetto... MOTHERFUCKERS!
Freaky radio!Embed
You turn me up a lil'..
I'm gettin' a lotta , alotta music
Add me more voice here, yeah, yeah
Even more, even more, even more
A Black Johnson, exclusive
Pop up!
Pop up, pop up, pop up, pop up, pop up!
Aahhh!

Y-E-A, YEAH!
You can get it...and you can get it!
Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it!
You can get it!

They want a nigga that done change their life
Fuck 'em and feed 'em, and buy 'em all the things, he like: shit!
You smile bright and ya game is tight
You say: Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it!
Bright eyes and the pretty long hair, oh yeah
Body all there, oh yeah
You wanna reach me call here
Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it
Though I believe what I'm sayin', yeah well
I believe I can spit it so good that they will
And that's real
And that's all
Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it!
You might also like
Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it!
Raise your hands and we doin' now with it
Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it!
Put it up if you wanna (Be) down with it
Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it!
Throw it up if you wanna (Be) down with it
Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it!
Haaaa

They want a nigga that done change in life
Fuck 'em, and feed 'em, I'mma buy all the things, he like:
You smile bright and ya game is tight
Huh! You smile bright and ya game is tight
Let me know whatcha doin' tonight
Y-E-A, YEAH!
Huh, yeah!
Huh, yeah!
Huh!
Y-E-A, YEAH!
Y-E-A, YEAH!

Huh, they want a nigga that done changed in life
Fuck 'em, and feed 'em, I'mma buy all the things, he like
Shit! You smile bright and ya game is tight
Now baby: Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it!
Bright eyes and the pretty long hair, oh yeah
Body all there, yeah oh yeah
You wanna reach me call here
Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it!
Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it!
Raise your hands if you wanna (Be) down with it
Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it!
Throw ya hands let me know how you feelin'

Belly to belly then up in the dance
You got the things that I like to touch
Get close cuz I like to touch
Uhhhhhhhn, so much!
Belly to belly then we up in the club
Don't hate baby show some love
Let me know what's on your mind
Get close let me start to grind
Hun, what's on your mind
And get close and we start to grind
Make me feel so... oohhh!

Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it!
You can get it
Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it!
Is you with it?
Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it!
Ghetto rock for all y'all niggas
Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it!
Hun! See
Huh, they want a nigga that done changed their life
Fuck 'em, and feed 'em, I'mma buy all the things, he like
Shit! You smile bright and ya game is tight
Now baby: Y-E-A, YEAH!
You can get it
The bright eyes and the long or short hair, oh yeah
The body all there, mama oh yeah
You wanna reach me call here
7-1-8, Y-E-A, Y-E-AAAAAA-H!
Uhhh  uhhhh. Uuhh uhhh
I like it, I see it, I want it uhh uhh
I like it, I see it, u got it uhh uhh, let's do it
I like it, you got it,uhh uhh I see it
I like it, you got it uhh uhh lets do it
I like it, you got it uhh uhh
I see it, I like it you got it
Y-E-A, YEAH! You can get it!
Say Y-E-A, YEAH YEAH
Y-E-A, yeah yeah! (repeat)

Brooklyn!
I say.. oohh ...ahhh
Oooh, aahh
Belly to belly you and I up in the dance
Don't be shy while we raise your hands
Belly to belly you and I up in the grind
Let me know what's on your mind
Gz y-e-a ....(yeah)..Owwwwwwh!!!!
Y-E-A...(yeah yeah..) ooh oh ho ohh!
Y-E-A... (yeah yeah..)
Y-E-A... right away, right away..
BOOGIE MAN! BOOGIE MAN! BOOGIE MAN..Embed
"Boogie (Boogie) man (man)"
"This is your captain speaking, with just a little flight information
Coming up on the left we're going to be catching a glimpse of the Grand Canyon
On the right you can be able to see the Hoover Dam in just a few minutes
We're flying at an altitude of 37,000 feet
And our airspeed is four hundred miles an hour
Couple little facts here
I'm packing a Colt King Cobra
That's a .357 caliber firearm with a black rubber-grip and a six-inch barrel
Also, the co-pilot is carrying a Kimber Custom defense pistol with all the bells and whistles you'd expect from a custom gun of that kind
With an alloy frame and bevel treatment on the entire gun
And our Chief Flight Attendant Roger has a, uh Ruger Bearcat
That .22 with a hand-fluted cylinder
All three are capable of piercing body armor at a distance of up to twenty-seven feet
And you can put a hole in human bone and flesh the size of the Grand Canyon
Which by the way is coming up on the left-hand side of the plane
So just sit back, relax, and enjoy the rest of your flight..."

From the top, la, la, la, la...
La, la, la, la, lalalalala...
La, la, la, la... la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
Mentioned that he worked for the embassy
People seem to find that interesting
High status, intrigue and mystery
Special code name on the hotel registry
I love it when they say
"Enjoy your stay"
They say it how they mean it
'Cause that's the way they been trained
Show you to your room
A suite with a view
When, if anything at all
Do not hesitate to call
Nice! The greatest, the greatest
Compliments, tooth brush, tooth paste, razors
A Bible, a Qur'an in a drawer
Or depending where you are
Tend to whisper through the walls
She was calling on God
The greatest, the greatest
Salutations, congratulations
Reservations, exclusive arrangements
Dinner with the patrons, the scenery is amazing
It's so outrageous, they whisper when they say it
When it's really real it's even realer than "The Matrix"
Classic, modern, ancient, flagrant
Get a special thrill every time they get to say it
Peace! I work with the embassy
On behalf of imagination industry
I come visit, you come visit
Such a pleasure, official business
La, la, la, la...
La, la, la, la, la-la-la-la...
(Boogey, boogey, man, man)
La, la, la, la...la-la-la-la-la-la-la-la
The Embassy...greetingsYou might also like1Embed
Magnetic, the flows are athletic
Dimensions are perfected
But the static and kinetic is power
Past pressure and mass beyond measure
You can place son where ever, he..."Don't stop"
Magnetic, the flows are athletic
Dimensions are perfected
But the static and kinetic is power
Past pressure and mass beyond measure
You can place son where ever, he Bed-Stuy "Boogie Man"
Magnetic, the flows are athletic
Dimensions are perfected
But the static and kinetic is power
Past pressure and mass beyond measure
You can place son where ever, he..."Thank you and thank you very kindly"
Magnetic, the flows are athletic
Dimensions are perfected
But the static and kinetic is power
Past pressure and mass beyond measure
You can place son where ever, he Bed-Stuy forever

The fresh, the author and associates are proud to present
M-Def the Black, fantastic raw
Dynamic, true Ecstatic, ghetto outstanding
Classic active every place, I have
The skill, power, passion, raise your red lantern
Stanzas and anthems based on expansion
A vantage point of the past, present and after
Rapture, mastered the ceremonial master craft
Of the masterminds who craft masters
Master and viber from Brooklyn Island
Legendary asylum, Black Star shining
Bedford-Stuyvesant isn't Strivers
Flatbush blazing like it's smoke of the prophet
And it's constant, remarkable artwork
And God is the author, from Flaco to Archer
We right on target, a ready steady responsive
A black light bright in the darkness, y'all just
A fantastic rawness, good morning, yes
You might also like
You are rocking with the fresh
You are rocking with the fresh
You are rocking with the Def
With a kiss...
Hah, ye-he-hes
Right now on it alwaaaaays...
Soul shocking, never stopping
Always keep the beat rock
Hah, ye-he-he-heees...
Ye-hee-he-hes...
Right now on it alwaaaaays...

Play on all digits
You know you can't stop my go
You can't stop my go
Born to be who I am
(Been born to be who I am)
Bright light from a distant star
(Bright light from a distant star)
Miracles, answered prayers
(Miracles, answered prayers)
Huh, all in together now
You can't stop my go
I've been born to be where I am
A bright light from a distant star
Miracles and answered prayers
You can't stop my go
I've been born to be where I am
Mos light from a distant star
Miracles and answered praaaaaayers...
Yes, ye-he-hes...
Right now on it alwaaaaays...
Soul shocking, never stopping
Always keep the beat on rock
Hah, ye-he-he-heeees...
Hah, ye-he-heees...
Right now on it always
Author and associates are proud to present
Static rhythms of Boogie Man productions

Don't stop the rock
You don't, don't stop the rock
You don't, don't stop the rock
You don't, don't stop the rock
You hear the people say "Don't stop"
Don't stop the rock
You don't, don't stop the rock
You don't, don't stop the rock
You don't, don't stop the rock
You hear the people say "Don't stop"
You can't stop my go
I've been born to be what I am
Bright light from a distant star
Miracles "Don't stop"
You can't stop my go
I've been born to be what I am
Bright light from a distant star
Miracles "Don't stop"
You can't stop my go
I've been born to be what I am
Bright light from a distant star
Miracles "Don't stop"
You can't stop my go
I've been born to be what I am
Bright light from a distant star
Miracles "Don't stop"
You can't stop my go
I've been born to be what I am
Bright light from a distant star
Miracles "Don't stop"7Embed
Bey!
Top priority

Peace before everything, God before anything
Love before anything, real before everything
Home before anyplace, truth before anything
Style and stay radiate, love power slay the hate

Truth killer flaky face, Bey'll say it to they face
Ain't afraid to major straight, grace set the table straight
Flow greatest like the greatest lakes
Capes on great estates, quiet water major waves
Steer the course, make a way
And come ashore on a greater day
Home grown from the greatest grain
Full flavor in the native strain, now put that on your brainy brain
Full exposure to faith and slang
Minimum wage and major gains
Yasiin Dante to Bey
From day to night to day to day they came to play
We came to stay, get out the way
Be-otch sunspot hot heat rocks
Brooklyn finest, preservation of beat-box!
Friend or foe, poison or detox
When we rock the people I respond: priority
You might also like
Peace before anything, God before everything
Love before anything, real before everything
Home before anyplace, shoot before anything
Style and state radiate, love power slay the hate

Priority!
Love powers...5Embed
Believe me when I tell you
I never meant to break your heart
May God pick up the pieces
Of dreams that fall apart
Forgive me and forget me
Make a brand new start
Don't blink your eyes and say goodbye
'Cause I know you know that I know you know that love is danger

Criminal minded, gangster of love
Charms in your arms, your gun is wild warm
Worn, bang bang, shoot 'em up
Tips in your clip, click-clack, use 'em up
Bad intentions and a very good shot
X marks the spot where you cross the heart
Candlelight vigil on my memory block
Commemorate the date where the bomb got dropped
Love, study war no more
Put your weapon away, quit collecting the slain
She said "You right, I don't wanna fight
I just like the fire and the flashing...lights"

Believe me when I tell you
I never meant to break your heart
May God pick up the pieces
Of dreams that fall apart
Forgive me and forget me
Make a brand new start
Don't blink your eyes and say goodbye
'Cause I know you know that I know you know that love is danger
You might also like
If you are to fall in love
Then where should you stand to begin with?
And when the falling's done
How bad should you plan to get injured?
And if you land on your feet
Do it count as a fall or a jump?
And do it feel like a fall
When the hands that pushed you were holding you up?
Close encounter, got you wide open
Heartache got your boom-box going
Music and vocals, lonely and soulful
You're back at the scene where your sweet dreams sold you

Believe me when I tell you
I never meant to break your heart
May God pick up the pieces
Of dreams that fall apart
Forgive me and forget me
Make a brand new start
Don't blink your eyes and say goodbye
Cause I know, you know that, I know, you know what love is

Cowboys and girls, oh baby
I remember...when we used to play
Cowboys and girls, oh baby
I remember...when we used to play
Cowboys and girls, oh baby
I remember...when we used to play
Cowboys and girls...
Shoot 'em up, bang bang...
Cowboys and girls
Shoot 'em up, bang bang...
We at the movies, and you're a star...
Get down!2Embed
Revelations...
Don't stop keep on
Sunshine
Ecstatic
Flaco
(Boogieman)

Standing in the sun getting black as I want
You playing good D, and that ain't backing me up
Skywalker baby, ain't no jack in my hammer
I got a whole lot to say so I ain't talking to them
I hear em eavesdroppin, I turn it up louder
Black freedom, black genius, black power
Black ink for printing the black dollar
And tell the CIA I say, now what?
And 'CC' is central bank
Loose change body slamming big money tanks
We tell God thanks
Ya'll tellin us that God don't rank, that's why your breath stank
Yuck, lay off the bacon and smokes
Quit laying off the good working folks, quit the hoax
And lay off the corny color jokes
And contrary to popular, the coloreds is awoke
Ya big dope, yuck
Keep them out your face, keep em in your prayers
Either that keep em in the cross hairs
Better still keep a even dose of each
'Cause until you get justice you won't get peace
You might also like
Peace peace peace peace peace
The gun shot say wa da da dang
Wa da da da da dang
Wa da da da da da da da da dang ay!
They shout peace peace peace
They shout peace peace peace
The firefight lit wa da da dang
Wa da da da da dang
Wa da da da da da da da da dang ay!

Rumors and rumors and rumors of war
Can I get better now what is that for and more
Rumors and rumors and rumors of war
Killers just killing now what they kill for and more
Rumors and rumors and rumors of war
Can I get better now what is that for and more
Rumors and rumors and rumors of war

Revelations
Dont stop keep on1Embed
When I'm down, I just draw some roses
On a pretty piece of paper
With my red Stabilo Pencil
Halfway through, I feel so much better (Fresh!)
I imagine happiness (Wide awake in my dreams), and it runs right to me, such amazing beauty (Why!)

You don't have to (No necessary), cut up no roses (Be easy, chopper)
Please just leave them living (Just cool, let creation grow)
Got my pencil (Check one), got pretty paper (Check two, check it out)
Please don't worry we're forgiven (Power and grace, let's move!)

I have found, just the perfect feelin (And it starts the true sensation)
Finally 'cause I'm grateful (Gratitude and my attitude, this morning)
I can feel your spirit (Feel it), coming closer on me (Every way!)
It is grand (Yes), just to be reminded (Good God, when they reminisce over you, for real!)
Reminded of the good things (Good things, good things, good things)
Living in a new day (New day, bright star), that no one can tear down (Undeniable!)

You don't have to (No necessary), cut up no roses (Be easy on the cut!)
Please just leave them living (just ease, let creation grow)
Got my pencil (Check one), got pretty paper (Check two, check it out!)
Please don't worry we're forgiven
You might also like
Power and grace
Yellow for friendship, red for love
Black for the universal stars above
Pink buds that I bought her on Valentine
She said it was forever then she changed her mind
I said a little prayer then I cleared my eyes
'Cause I feel the draw on my heartstrings, drawing the line
Started off with a orchid, natural portrait
I ain't Picasso but that ain't important
Faith, smart dude, never graduated art school
Stay tuned, I'ma show you how my art move
Shape and dimension, flow and extension
Symmetry and shade, blowin' out the frame
Sign off my name Dante when I'm finished
Put it to your memory for permanent exhibit
Love, hard work, and it's worth every minute
Abstract is still life, real life kinetic

Got my pencil (Check one), got pretty paper (Check two, check it out)
Please don't worry we're forgiven (Power and grace to creation)
You don't have to (No necessary), cut up no roses (Be easy, chopper!)
Please just leave them living (Just cool, let creation grow!)

When I'm down, I just draw some roses (Magnetic art)
On a pretty piece of paper (Fresh!)
With my red Stabilo pencil (Translation, ha!)
Almost through (Next stop), I feel so much better (Destination, joy)
I imagined happiness (Wide awake in my dreams), and it ran right to me, such amazing beauty (Why!)
Got my pencil (Check one), got pretty paper (Check two, check it out!)
Please don't worry we're forgiven (Power and grace the creation)
You don't have to (No necessary), cut up no roses (Be easy)
Please just leave them living...5Embed
"You're living at a time of extremism, a time of revolution
A time where there's got to be a change
People in power have misused it
And now there has to be a change
And a better world has to be built
And the only way is going to be built is with extreme methods
And I for one will join in with anyone
Don't care what color you are!
As long as you want to change this miserable condition
That exists on this earth
Thank you."
Bismillah hir rahman ir rahim
Let's...go!
Ecstatic
Ecstatic, ecstatic
Classic
Flow

Supermagicblackoriginfreshrealidopeness
Definitely out of dopeness, sketch another opus
Knock off your set, Brooklyn we keep 'em open
The heavens expand, the stars advance, feel the boogieman
You might also like
Mojo hand healing power like bang
Snap, I rebuke these snitches
We know the truth, you can't confuse me bitches
Great name, greater than all your riches
Yah Dante Flaco Bey that's the business
Repeat, I rebuke these snitches
We know the truth, you can't confuse me bitches
Strong magic that bust all your wishes
Cherokee Chief rock upon cha rock it don't stop
And let's get

Yes
You're now rockin' with the Def
Lararara
Oh oh, Oh Oh
It's like heartbeat, you make me feel
So...REAL

Supermagicblackoriginfreshrealidopeness
Definitely out of dopeness, sketch another opus
Knock off your set, Brooklyn we keep 'em open
Again, again
Supermagicblackoriginfreshrealidopeness
Definitely out of dopeness, sketch another opus
Knock off your set, come close and get 'em open
Get it here, let it go!
Ecstasy
Uh-huh, uh-huh, uh-huh
The heavens expand, the stars advance, feel the boogieman
Ahahaha
Nice!
Magic!1Embed
"One thing I want to assure them
If they think I'm gonna change or compromise
My attitude and my way of life or
In my expression or in my goal
Towards politics
They are making me stronger
And I am much more stronger now"
Bang to the boogy
Say up jump the boogy
To the rhythm of the boogity beat
To the rhythm of the boogity beat

There it go like simple the plainness, it's primal and basic
Zulu arrangement rockin' amazement
Flaco, radiating from heaven to pavement
They phony as a facelift, I’m nothing to play with
Spent time hating it but that ain't changing it
God give it to me, nobody is takin' it
Therefore, moving on the base for stimulus
I'm standing in the twilight and watching them get it in
The walls are tremblin', the air is simmering
She movin' like more than her ears are listenin', whoa now
Testin' your equilibrium
Sonic wave booming all over your intimate
Skin on skin and skin on skin again
Put it all, get it all, get on, get it in
Ladies and gentlemen, misters and mistresses
Cousins, uncles, aunties, and synonyms, there it is, boogieman
You might also like
Hah
Simmer down simmer down simmer down now
Simmer down now
Simmer down now
Simmer down
Quiet dog, bite hard, my God!

Said and the rocket don't stop
Brooklyn in the kitchen, heat up the stovetop
Bey in the Empire State and navigating the way
Preservation make the greatest hip-hop
The cool dudes swagger, they terribly corny
They flow so petty, unsteady, it's boring
These dudes ain't dope but they on it
They need to get off it, so "wack wack" is all you can call it
Therefore, movin on to Def for stimulus
Regardless of what zone, what town you represent
A bullet into all of your settlements
Tower to tenement
I mold through for all of the element
Simmer down, I manage your mayhem
I'm bright as the AM
Engine 'bout to roll out the station
I'm blessed with the fresh from day one
I got it ‘til day done
We all going back to the same one
It's the cost of motivation I'll stay with
Remarkable flavors
That all bear the mark of the greatness
Woah now, the kid is from Buck Town
Your girl is in love now
You chumps don’t want to get shut down, shoo!
Simmer down, simmer down, simmer down now
Simmer down now
Simmer down now
Simmer down
Quiet dog, bite hard, let's rock

Hah
And we don't stop
See you rock to the rhythm, we don't stop
So you maintain the rock and you don't stop
You keep up the rock and you don't stop
(The rock)
Maintain the rock and you don't stop
(The rock)
You keep up the rock and you don't stop
(The rock)
Maintain the rock and you don't stop
(The rock)
You keep up the rock, quiet dog, bite hard, my God!

Hah
Simmer down, simmer down, simmer down now
Simmer down now
Simmer down now
Simmer down
Quiet dog, bite hard my God!
Simmer down simmer down simmer down now
Simmer down now
Simmer down now
Simmer down
Quiet dog, bite hard7Embed
Ground rules

I'll give you all the diamonds and money
But you can't break my heart
'Cause that'll just get you fired
And everybody needs a job

Work is scarce, competition is fierce
Fonzi frontin' in the new leather like they don't care
Word, let's get you an award for that performance
Winner in the category for the best boring
Uh, tell the tough guys we tougher than tough times
And needles in the nerves to make the tighten up unwind
One time, for locking out the light in your eyes
You're searching for your perfect one
Broken down from getting it all to take it however it comes
Plain day, you the specialest one, oh me, oh my

I'll give you all the milk and the honey
But you can't break my heart
'Cause that'll just get you fired
Sloppy worker get your pay grade bust
You might also like
Work is scarce, skilled working is rare
Fonzi fronting at the job site, primping up they hair
Word? Well tell them only staff could drink they coffee
Walking papers at the office, sleep late tomorrow morning
Tell the tough guys we tougher than tough times
And nerves don't snap when the clock touch crunch time
That's right we tougher than tough times
From been narrowing, to the clock just unwind
For sure we tougher than tough times
My proof don't need to lie, my tighten up don't unwind
Sunshine, lifting up the light in your eyes
You're gazing at your perfect one
Broken down from never at all to better than you could ever want
Great day I know that you had to come, oh me oh my

I'll give you all the diamonds and money
But you can't break my heart
'Cause that'll just get you fired
And you're doing such a beautiful job1Embed
Boogie-Man music!
Fresh
It was so beautiful, it was almost unfair
It's cold but it's true
It was so cold it got warm
Kids out in the schoolyards and playing
It was nice and calm
And it was dangerous

When the MC's came, live out the name
And to perform
Some had to snort cocaine to act insane
Before they rocked the don
Now on to the mental pains, spark the brains
The building to be born
(??) on the track

Everybody got to get high (Oh my)
To get right, to get nice, to get by (Oh my)
They get open, get ready, get primed
The national pastime is victimless crime
You want your thrill and I want mine
As long we can get it we ain't got to say why
I don't mean to pry, you ain't got to lie
We ain't got to speak when it's written in the eyes
Whenever she was high off the sparkle in her palm
She had a young girl's smile and a hustler's charm
Dying from the city where the hustlers are born
Made, traced, murdered, replaced
Life-long residents barely feel safe
And the streets offer plenty taste and little faith (Break it down)
Little face, soft lips, little waist (Break it more)
Tiny hands (Oh god)
Fat ass (Oh more)
Big eyes like birthday surprise
Super duper fly, born in '85
Repeat it to yourself: This is a victimless crime
Psyche your mind there's a victim every time
Your tasty little pill, your freaky little thrill
Pray won't leave you still, you wonder how it feel
It's real, pussy like some money that you steal
Ill
You might also like
When the MC came, fill out the name
And to perform
Some had to snort cocaine just to act insane
Just before they rocked the don
Now on to the mental pains, spark the brains
The building to be born
Ghetto people on the floor

Crime and medicine
Dead wrong and live in America
Off the block and right in your area
Fresh apples and peaches for the president
Ha ha
Crime and medicine
Dead wrong and live in your area
From the street corner, right in your residence
Fresh apples and peaches for the president
(Crime)
Fresh peaches and apples for the president
(Crime)
Fresh chocolates and apples for the president
(Crime)
Fresh linens and apples to the president
(Crime)
Fresh! (Fresh)Embed
So there's a story about the lady in Louisiana
She's a flood survivor and the rescue teams
They come through, and they, I guess tryna recover people
And they see this women she's wadin through the streets
I guess it'd been some time after the storm
And I guess they were shocked that you know she was alive
And rescue worker said, "So, oh my God h-how did you survive
How did you do it? Where've you been?"
And she said, "Where I been? Where you been?"
Hah, Where you been? You understand?
That's about the size of it
This for the streets, the streets everywhere
The streets affected by the storm called... America
I'm doin this for y'all, and for me, for the Creator

God save, these streets
One dollar per every human being
Feel that Katrina clap
See that Katrina clap

Listen, homie, it's Dollar Day in New Orleans
It's water water everywhere and people dead in the streets
And Mr. President he bout that cash
He got a policy for handlin the niggas and trash
And if you poor you black
I laugh a laugh they won't give when you ask
You better off on crack
Dead or in jail, or with a gun in Iraq
And it's as simple as that
No opinion my man it's mathematical fact
Listen, a million poor since 2004
And they got -illions and killions to waste on the war
And make you question what the taxes is for
Or the cost to reinforce, the broke levee wall
Tell the boss, he shouldn't be the boss anymore
Y'all pray amen
You might also like
God save, these streets
One dollar per every human being
Feel that Katrina clap
See that Katrina clap
God save, these streets
Quit bein' cheap nigga freedom ain't free
Feel that Katrina clap
See that Katrina clap

Lord have mercy
Lord God God save our soul
A God save our soul, a God
A God save our souls
Lord God God save our soul
A God save our soul soul soul
Soul survivor

It's Dollar Day in New Orleans
It's water water everywhere and babies dead in the streets
It's enough to make you holler out
Like where the fuck is Sir Bono and his famous friends now
Don't get it twisted man I dig U2
But if you ain't about the ghetto then fuck you too
Who care bout rock 'n roll when babies can't eat food
Listen homie man that shit ain't cool
It's like Dollar Day for New Orleans
It's water water everywhere and homies dead in the streets
And Mr. President's a natural ass
He out treatin niggas worse than they treat the trash
God save, these streets
One dollar per every human being
Feel that Katrina Clap
See that Katrina Clap
God save, these streets
Quit bein cheap nigga freedom ain't free!
Feel that Katrina Clap
See that Katrina Clap
Soul survivor

God God God save our soul
A God save our soul
A God, a God save our soul
Lord God God save our soul
A God save our soul a God a God save
Lord did not intend for the wicked to rule the world
Say God did not intend for the wicked to rule the world
God did not intend for the wicked to rule the world
And even when they knew it's a matter of truth
Before they wick-ed ruling is through

God save, these streets
A Dollar Day for New Orleans
God save, these streets
Quit bein cheap homie freedom ain't free
God save these streets
One dollar per every human being
Feel that Katrina Clap
See that Katrina Clap
God save these streets
Quit bein cheap nigga freedom ain't free!
Feel that Katrina Clap! Ha
Ghetto Katrina Clap! Ha
Soul survivor
Lord God God save our soul
A God save God save our soul
Feel that Katrina Clap
Let's make them dollars stack
And rebuild these streets
God save these streets
God save these streets
God save the soul!
Feel that Katrina Clap
See that Katrina Clap
Soul survivor
Don't talk about it, be about it
PeaceEmbed
The emperor, subjects, and his dogs
Fuck you all
Napoleon's dynamite blew up in his face
You busy handin out plates, now get yourself a taste
Yum, gravy over lips seekin tongues
Price that you pay for thinkin e'rybody dumb
Green and googly wide-eyed and surprised
Brows and lashes, honey mustaches, fried bride
Effort to little hit now holla cry pride
When the opposition forces came to take him back BACK
(Always gonna be hounded fella, by the police)
Oh-me-oh-me-oh-my, we don't assume
Secretly you probably relate
Loud lung tyrant, now YOU be quiet
Husheth, thou dost protesth too mucheth
Your deeds are on file, take your testament is bupkis
I feel like Lazarus, steppin out the grave
To give reporters of his death, the world's greatest nay
It ain't hear or say, you can see it for your own two
Sucker or get close and feel it if you want to
But I know you, you won't and can't do
Seamstress and lies are bustin up your handle
Palms and fingertips on ultra-blister
You crossed a good dude now he cued the ultra-disher
Shell position fill your old tradition self
Machine gun ran in the pad and clipped himself
Now your project sinks up leakin
Hand over head and the sticky red is seepin
Weepin willow goin onry ape shit
Little homey onlooker shout,"He ain't gon' make it!"
The moment where bullies find God
Dumb-ass, he been on the scene all along
Tried to help you steer clear, you sped up to the climax
The brick wall on your cheeks worse than Imax
Heavy child I know you wish you never tried black
Dante air blow craft you can't hijack
Yes, but really I digress
Let me step aside and let the EMS clean up the drecks
Extra gore soak the medics to they own asshole
I pray peace on your soul now BEGONE~!
Movin on, to deeper brighter better and more
FREEYou might also like1Embed
The summit, the peaks
The plains and the valley
The ballad, the fog, the bank with the alley
The waking hour, the moment, the dream
The moaning, the murmur, the laughter, the scream
The thrilling beginning, the quiet finale
Eh eh eh eh lifetime, lifetime
Keep keeping on
Maintain the rock, keep up the rock

The lights in the plaza meant there's something fantastic
The moment I met you, the first look was like magic
Yeah, there's the way that it is and the way that it feels
There's the distance between the ideal and the bills
Yet, I see all the numbers; I still root for the dreamer
I thank God for the dreamers, lifetime (2x) keep keeping on
Maintain the rock, keep up the rock
Maintain the spot, keep up the block
Maintain the rock, keep up the rock

Ehhh
I know this much is true
We don't wanna be lonely
Whether kind or you're cruel, be you noble or lowly
The riot is easy and the silence is loud
You can build yourself up by just turning things down
We were fashioned in love, so why should we feel lonely?
When forever is only... Lifetime(2x)
Keep keeping on
Maintain the rock, keep up the block
Maintain the rock, keep up the rock
Lifetime (13x) (various tones)You might also likeEmbed
Have fun y'all
Have fun y'all

The city breathing all down your neck
Bad news and good dope special effects
And reality's teeth
Bright, black, sinking in deep
Who ain't shy of the pain?
Who ain't shy if the pleasure just the same?
Life is a game I heard the homie say
Well I came to win so I'm not here to play

Have fun (Get it, get it)
Don't stop
Ecstatic
Fantastic
Wild
People

Bad news and good dope
Powder, potion, pills, smoke
Baby, how you trying to go?
Duro o dulce, fast or slow?
Yay, no?
It's OK you can have it your way love
It ain't all good but baby I'm cool
Feeling great, feeling good how are you?
You might also like
10% Condition, 90% response
Survival mathematics, the number man psalm
Old dads drop the jewels so pure
When the times get raw, there's something I recall
Sometimes I don't remember it at all
And it gets stormed by the weather with no umbrella
Sky release pressure and the ground get wetter
My outfit f'd up
Could'a looked fresher
But guess what?
The hell with parade day rain
Tsunami and sunshine, a vomit is the same
Life is a game I heard the homie say
Well I came to win
Dante

Get it get it
Bey!
Get it get it
Brooklyn
Get it get it
Ecstatic
Don't Stop
E'day
Speedball
Bad news and good dope
Powder, potion, pills, smoke
Baby, how you trying to go?
Duro o dulce, fast or slow?
Yay, no?
It's OK you can have it your way love
Nasty times, but baby I'm cool
Feeling great, feeling good

Er'yday
Every day
Having a good time
Every day
Having a good time
Every day
Having a good time every day
Bey!
Having a good time every day
That's cool, let me hear itEmbed
This is a revolutionary sureshot

Hip hop, modern time, flossy and raw so self-absorbed, immature
I can't remember being this bored
Fake bonanzas become come real wars
Bullets burn through the candy on the driver side door
Long investigations and no firm lead
Billion dollar flow, and black life is still cheap
Your rent skyrockets and job prospects plummet
Ten murders, ten days, this summer
Talk about today's mathematics
A eighth, a O, a key of the calibre on your ratchet
The inmate number, the centerfold’s measurements
Is close as a cold cell come to some tenderness
I heard them say it was all about the Benjamins
I don't believe it now, didn't believe it then
Fuck whatchu heard, you believe whatchu want
The truth is what it is, it be what it been
Get rich, shorty just tryna live
Don't believe in heaven and ain't tryna get in
And hell is everyday, fuck the world anyway
Potion and sips, spark up a clip, fade away!

The low lights, tree top heights
Be careful how you move the traps are covered in the lights
Landmines be disguised as welcome signs
I'll repeat it so you ain't got to press rewind
The landmines be disguised as welcome signs
Black fresh from Iraq, a wild look in his eyes
Missing part of his arm, what the fuck is your problem?
Ohh lord! Fake Bonanza!
You might also like
Gladiator, circus world
Glamour, pussy, pimp, whole good and service world
Paranoid, itchy-trigger-nigga nervous world
Shaytanic natural order in reversal world
The ipod, no God, zero circle world
The blow-a turtle world, smoke from the purple world
The killer murder world, hamburger murder world
Open twenty-four hours, all about them dollars
Pretty poison in pork sausage
Cold coffee and more coffins
Fake bonanza, fake bonanza
Huh? What? I don't understand ya!
What they talking bout save they soul, ohh lord, save they soul!
Help them reach the goal, peace!
You know, peace (boogieman!)
Don't be scared
Ohh lord, save they soul
Ohh lord, save they soul
Ohh lord, save my soul!
Ohh lord, save my soul! Please
Mash'allah, kna mean
Boogieman!

Woke up this morning with my, my state on freedom and said I
Had the baddest feeling, maybe you stayed on my mind, said I
Woke up this morning with my, my state on freedom and said I
Had the baddest feeling, maybe you stayed on my mind, said I
Woke up this morning in my, my state, I'm dreaming
Ain't nothing even
Dreaming, praying, keeping
Woke up this morning and my mind stayed on freedom
Woke up this demon that keep staying on my mind
Said, woke up this morning and my mind stayed on freedom
It makes no difference what people say, ahhhhhhEmbed
Man, what was the youngblood name? (Funk Crush)
Youngblood just hungry
It's no glamour, it's no glory
It's no joke, no game
It's murder every day, murder (Boogeyman)
(They shot the boy)

The murder of a teenage life
Fire from the cold steel, the heat from the brights
The temperature of flesh and the shortness of breath
The murder of a teenage threat
The aroma of sinsemilia dollar superstar
Scum of Vicodin cocaine tobacco leaf
Ecstatic tap-less fire water and freaky-deeky-e
The murder of a teenage chief
My easy speaking is easy as it seem to be
Hungry belly drama busts off easily
Balloon bang, pop, hot as a bang spot in Bangkok
Colder than a pimp, cock, aim shot, the frame drop
Pressure pushed him to the earth like a rain drop
Take not life in vain, now how the preacher was saying
Remember anyway they laid him in the straight box
Dark suit and gray socks, the neighborhood is all distraught
Candlelights upon the news report the families and students saw
Confused in awe, they weep into each others' arms
(It's murder) New absence from a mother's arms
Even the warmth from the mother's arms
Could not keep her son from harm
From standing where the gun was drawn
Overcome done and done he gone (Murder)
Show a shell like a bell that rung
The blood burst, body temperature fell and plunged
And in the time it took the medics to come
The breath eased out of his lungs
And his soul eased out of the slums
And the voice eased out of the drums
The sireens they gleam they swung (Murder)
Telephone wire sneakers hung (Murder)
For the black and young, murder, and the Ave they from
I am from the block the president did not campaign on
Where the dollar that the working poor slave for is made on
Where hustlers stretch the yay long
Hustle hard for an outpost to trade on
Flip it over and make more
Where the blocks are yellow taped off
Youngbloods is drained off for old beefs to graze on
Where the pressure just stay on
But the lights and the heat don't
The place that you witness the true power of street folks
And that's where I'm coming from, people
High-post, low-key eighth, OZ, a kilo
Law man, dope man, adversary, amigo
Preacher man, pimp hand, both folding their C-notes
A Black fist clutching deliverance for the people
Young hand reach out, strong hand reach in
Chop the devil hand and make the fucker stop reaching
Ghetto people know it when the voice of truth speaking
M. Def, him for real, hold still, nigga, see it
I ain't got to say please, just believe it
The unerasable, the black ink fact
Y'all fuckers know exactly how to act, get back
Forever Black (Forever Black), never wack (Never that)
From the K (Killa K), that's that (That's that)
So you can kill all the yap
Blap, blap, blap, blap, murder
You might also like
They shot the boy (Murder)
They shot the boy (Murder)
They shot the boy (Murder)
They kill 'em all1Embed
What it is, what you want?
Live your life right
Make the beat the bump
It's like one for the treble
Two for the bass
Three for the pretty babies up in the place
The undeniable

Come to the party in a B-boy stance
I rock on the mic and make the world wanna dance
Fly like a dove that come from up above
I'm rockin on the mic and you can call me Mos love
Little homie you can call it what you want
But you can't call it weak and you can't call it chump
And looking like that, babe you need to call me up
Seven eighteen D-a-n-t-e, one what?
These jokers don't want none
And all the pretty mommies want some, tell 'em come
BK do it how Biggie say "Spread love"
R. Harrison, throw it on get 'em up
Dispirit and raw till they can't get enough
Haters get it twisted, real niggas get it done
Buck down like a live round not a dum dum
Bop bop
And you know, you know (make 'em say)
You might also like
(No matter how hard you try
You can't stop us now)
Yea, the undeniable
(There ain't no future in fronting
So just love me now)
Yea, the undeniable

So I start a flow
Just want y'all to know
Just who your listening to
Black Dante
So listen let me tell ya
Who I am, and how I do
The undeniable

Respect a foundation that they can't hold
And it's bullet, shatter, and earthquake proof
See how I drop the jewel, it's the golden rule
A-B-C, Always be cool
They need to teach it at every school
It's the A-B-Y Always be you
Def, and I always been true
Real, true, skill, true Ill
Ghetto world I know exactly how it feels
Some go work, and some go steal
Children grow, women produce
And we rock on no matter what you do
(No matter how hard you try
You can't stop us now)
Yea, the undeniable
(There ain't no future in fronting
So just love me now)
Yea, the undeniable

Yea, the undeniable, spread love y'all
6x spread love, it's the Brooklyn way
13x spread love, 
Every day, Brooklyn way, can't deny, no
Matter how hard you try
Can't deny, can't deny, can't deny
Spread love you can give us a one

Uh, What it is, what you want
Get your mind right
It's the beat to bump
It's like one for the treble, two for the bass
Make no mistake, you are rockin with
Black Dante
The undeniable
Ha, Yea, The undeniable
Fantastic
Raw, dynamic, and real
You got the feel
Yea, the undeniable
Spread love
Undeniable
Spread love
Yea, the undeniable
Brooklyn way
So good to you
So hood to you2Embed
Bismillah ir Rhman ir Raheem
Def on the speak
Epik on the beat

Champion chronicle, M Def remarkable
A breeze through the street
Like the most potent ganja fume
The non-stoppable 'A' article arsenal
True legendary Zulu Johnny stomper dude
Held responsible, bright, black, phenomenal
M mastered the magical, ceremony classical
Black hand touch the intangible, strong hold
And get 'em all with or without the barcode
Y'all know, who stay frontin' like y'all don't
Stay gone, brother stay home keep the K close
At the crime court keep a case low
Flaco got to keep a pace though
Baby, make no mistake about it
I remember them days without it
Vibrated a major wattage
My gate safe and solid
My flow translate to major dollars
New ways and options
New days new plagues and problems
News page all the rave about him
"It's so good, so hood, nothin' changed about him"
You know...
You might also like
It just gets better with time
It's like a greater later winner eve-ry time
I got the will and the skill
That the building can't kill, that's real
Who that? The Undeniable
True that, the most incredible
Your M deffer, the Undeniable

Cool ways are the sake of my time
I get paid even if they don't pay me no mind, you know...
The days and times be frustrating the mind
They youngbloods
But discover such danger they shine, its so...
Necessary that I come with the raw
The magnetic, the sure, the most magical pure, *G Bank*...
So bear witness to the actual fact
It's no trick or a magical act
Supernatural black Dante, this exclusively style
Spread love baby move it around
You know...

It just gettin better with time
It's like a greater later winner eve-ry time
I got the will and the skill
That the building can't kill, that's real
Who that? The Undeniable
True that, the most incredible
Your M deffer, the Undeniable
Ture Magic
True Magic
True Magic
Magic...
Bank...(shh shh shh...)
It just gettin better with time...
I got the will and the skill...
That's real...
The Undeniable...
M Def...
(Ha ha ha)
Don't Stop...Keep on 
Yes sir, yes ma'am, yes y'allEmbed
Very simple and plain we can all sing together
Nobody should feel left out
Join in, this is the song people need to be singing right about now
When they tell you you can't, you shouldn't, you won't
Tell 'em this:
There is a way
No matter what they say (X4)
Don't give up, don't give in (X8)
(Repeated until end)You might also likeEmbed
Quick question...
You ever felt like the realest nigga alive?
Felt too pretty or powerful to die? (Tell the truth)
You ever felt ugly enough to cry?
Have you ever begged for mercy? Have you ever wished you died? (Tell the truth)
Have you ever taken pride in the crime?
Been too hungry to back down or hide?
Been low down dirty or super duper high?
Or contemplated murder, robbery, or suicide? (Tell the truth)
Taken medicine for trouble in your mind?
Or taken down a number? For taking up a scheme?
I made her wild beautiful, take her 'til she skeet?
Take her to the penthouse or take her to the skreet? (Tell the truth)
So the waterman he take it to the beat
And I take it to the 'mic so we takin' what we like
Take it to your neck, we gon' take it to the bank
Triple X, Killa K, black, we take it to your face
Like, G...

Bang! Bang! Gangsta
Birth sign is danger
It's like thug is the drug that make 'em fall in love
When love don't love nobody
Bang! Bang! Gangsta
Star sign is danger
It's like thug is the drug, ready rock, steady pump
Man they leanin' and they fiendin' cuz they can't get enough...
You might also like
The DJ play this song in the dance
And every buggy on the block got the tune on blast
The TV is like the radio with visuals too
So shiny, so gutter, mean, moody and cool (Tell the truth)
They might be doing things that you wanna do
You fantasize as they be living it through
The big home with the beautiful view
You have a swim in the pool, and get fresh and take a spin in the coupe (Tell the truth)
You probably want to feel the world in your palm
While hold a gun in your hand and make 'em know you a star (Tell the truth)
And there's dudrs who probably already are
They well known in they zone or they town or they block (Tell the truth)
Then there's the rest who are usually not
And the heavy dose of thug feel like all that they got
So they ready to rock...Brahp
Ha, ha, heh

Bang! Bang! Gangsta
Birth sign is danger
It's like thug is the drug that make 'em fall in love
When love don't love nobody
Gunshots & Screaming Gangsta
Star sign is danger
It's like thug is the drug, ready rock, steady pump
Man they leanin' and they fiendin' cuz they can't get enough
{*beat rides out*}Embed
You are the one
You're the one!

Other fuckas just don't know
You got to feel me on this one man
So real, I'm so sincerious about it, you know?
I know more than a few is gon' relate
So much more than a few for really real
So much more (On the really real!)

When it started I knew it was trouble
But you know me, them "hard and everythings" can't hold me
I need some shit straight out the movies
Drama, warm to the touch, hot mama
Put me all in like launch jeans and scama
You was Mrs. Mine, so fine
Went from "we gon' conquer it all"
To "nigga I'mma see you in court"
I woulda never thought, I guess I better think again
Ok, now the shit is really sinkin' in
We ain't just divorced, we ain't even fucking friends
Cause in the end it was all about the ends
But fuck that I know it gotta be more to it
Held up with bitter hate with crosses all through it
And when I looked, what did I see?
You on the other end crying like me
Expression on your face like, "How could this be?"
That's what I'm asking, "What the fuck happened?"
How could all the magic and passion just vanish
Went from outsanding to making me shout, "Dammit!"
Can't explain the changes, behavior's is outlandish
Now I'm just stuck in the road feeling stranded
I'm in the dark wishing for the answers
On some old Biggie give me one more chance shit
When we met your face was so brown
Your ass so round, of course I'm so down
Wish I knew then what the fuck I know now
Couldn't read the signs in the road: "Slow down!"
I'm too deep in the road now
Got me pulling over getting smoked out
Fighting tears that I can't hold down
Can't believe it, this fucka's got me weeping
I keep it a secret so my friends won't peep it
But late in the evening I'm up, my chest heaving
I'm reaching in the dark and I'm looking for the reason
Why? Did our love have to die? You and I were so fucking fly
Can't get it off my mind
The things that made me smile now make me cry
You might also like
You are the one
You're the one! Fuck you!

I wish we never met, I wish we never kissed
I wish we never touched (Swear to God)
I wish I didn't love you so much
I wish I could forget how feel, how you f..
That's a lie, the shit that made me smile, now make me cry

You are the one
You're the one! Fuck you!

Sometime I wish we'd come back
Man, I wish we'd come back (Memories!)
No lie, for real? Fuck that
No, for real
It's a dangerous necessity
It's a world famous mystery, love
That's it, peace!2Embed
The mathematic to acting still
The unfamiliar, the warm embrace
The family ties and the stranger's face
The lightning, thunder, the power steed
The what it is and the what is believed
The strong connections, desire to need
The waking now or the moment to dream
The laugh, the murmur, the moan, and the scream
The voice of reason somewhere in between
The one and all, the me, and the we
The I and I, the thou, and the thee
A man, a design, a child of the streets
The daily chore, the impossible feat
The drum, the chorus, phenomenal beat
Easy to touch and the harder to reach
The sweetest fruit at the top of the tree
The sun, the moon, the stars, and the bree-eze
I'm coming to it, and it's coming to me
I'm getting readyYou might also likeEmbed
Bright moments, bright moments always come back vivid
The fifth grade was epic city-wide test pressure
The pre-crack era
Mr. Schumer, what a prick
Attitude match his wardrobe, uglier than sin
This is Bed-Stuy '82
Ninth floor, three tiny rooms, one view
Bucktown, Roosevelt House
Their green grass is green; our green grass is brown
Shots rang, my phone wasn't touch tone
Were heavy beef in the street, E.T. had to flee
Great heavens, good grief
Hungry bellies, bright gold on their teeth
The windows on the Ave look like sad eyes
They fix their sharp gaze on you when you pass by
And if you dare to stand, you can see 'em cry
You can watch 'em scowl, feel 'em prowl
While they're steady sizing every inch about you
Fast math measuring what you amount to
The laughter, the screams
The numeral, the song of Psalms, the book of dreams
Ends don't meet where the arms can't reach
Mean streets, even when it's free it ain't cheap
On-going saga, terminal diagnosis
Basic survival requires super heroics
No space in the budget for a cape
It’s when you gotta fly by night to save the day
Crash-landings routinely happen
Some survive, others never rise from the ashes
Watching asphalt and observing the Sabbath
Creates an Ecstatic and there you have it
From teenage love praying in tongue
Strange fruit, batty boots and native drums
From hence I come, so here we go
Signs and wonders all along the road
Some lies open, some lies closed
Some stretchers role with no lies at all
Some riders don't know what they ridin' for
Hands on the wheel and their mind is gone
Wherever you ride, whatever your lane
This road called life is a beautiful thing
And we are alive in amazing times
Delicate hearts, diabolical minds
Revelations, hatred, love, and war
And more and more and more and more
And more of less than ever before
It's just too much more for your mind to absorb
It's scary like hell, but there's no doubt
We can't be alive in no time but NOW
It's just another shot to the heart
It's just a sure shot in the dark
It's just another place in the stars
Wonders on every side, life in marvelous times
Life in marvelous times
You might also like
Hey! The Ecstatic
The temperature's rising everywhere
All over the world, you can feel it
All over the world, feel it
Spirits rise everywhere
It's just a sure shot to the heart
It's just a sure shot in the dark
It's just another place in the stars
Wonders on every side, life in marvelous times
Life in marvelous times
Now, always4Embed
Say ho, everybody say ho
By the way yo
I said take it slow like way back in the day-yo
By the way yo, everybody say ho
Everybody say hooooo- hooo
Everybody say ho

And check it out now
Who is the cat dining out on the town
And make the whole dining room turn they head round
Mr. Nigga, Nigga Nigga
He got the speakers in the trunk with the bass on crunk
Who be riding up in the high rise elevator
Other tenants who be prayin that he ain't the new neighbor
Mr. Nigga, Nigga Nigga
They try to play him like a chump cause he got what they want

He under thirty years old but already he's a pro
Designer trousers slung low cause his pockets stay swoll'
Could afford to get up and be anywhere he go
V.I.P. at the club, backstage at the show
(Yes y'all) the best crib, the best clothes
Hottest whips on the road neck and wrists on froze (say word)
Checks with Os, o-o-o-o-ohs
Straight all across the globe, watch got three time-zones
Keep the digital phone up to his dome
Two assistants, two bank accounts, two homes
One problem; even with the Os on his check
The po-po stop him and show no respect
"Is there a problem officer?" Damn straight, it's called race
That motivate the jake (woo-woo) to give chase
Say they want you successful, but that ain't the case
You living large, your skin is dark, they flash a light in your face
You might also like
Now, who is cat dining out on the town
Maitre'd wanna take a whole year to sit him down
Mr. Nigga, Nigga Nigga
He got the speakers in the trunk with the bass on crunk
Now, who is the cat at Armani buying wears
With the tourists who be asking him, do you work here?
Mr. Nigga, Nigga Nigga
Nigga Nigga

Yo, the Abstract with the Mighty Mos Def
White folks gotta mumble the chorus beneath they breath
(I didn't say it!)
But they'll say it out loud again
When they get with they close associates and friends
You know, sneak it in with they friends at the job
Happy hour at the bar, while this song is in they car
And even if it's never said and lips stay sealed
They actions reveal how their hearts really feel
Like, late night I'm on a first class flight
The only brother in sight, the flight attendant catch fright
I sit down in my seat, 2C
She approach officially, talking about, "Excuse me"
Her lips curl up into a tight space
Cause she don't believe that I'm in the right place
Showed her my boarding pass, and then she sort of gasped
All embarrassed, put an extra lime in my water glass (So sorry)
An hour later here she come by, walkin' past
"I hate to be a pest but my son would love your autograph"
Wow.. (I saw you roll your eyes, Mr. Nigga I love your albums!..)
They stay on nigga patrol on American roads
And when you travel abroad they got world nigga law
Some folks get on a plane, go where they please
But I go overseas and I get over-seized
London, Heathrow, me and my people
They think that illegal's a synonym for negro
Far away places, customs agents flagrant
They think that dark faces smuggle weight in they cases
Bags inspected, now we arrested
Attention directed to contents of our intestines
Urinalysis followed by X-rays
Interrogated and detained 'til damn near the next day
No evidence, no apology, and no regard
Even for the big American rap star
For us especially, us most especially
A Mr. Nigga VIP jail cell, just for me
(If I knew you were coming I'd have baked a cake)
Just got some shoe-polish, painted my face
They say they want you successful, but then they make it stressful
You start keeping pace, they start changing up the tempo
Now, who is cat riding out on the town (Ha ha)
State trooper wanna stop him in his ride, pat him down
Mr. Nigga, Nigga Nigga
He got the speakers in the trunk with the bass on crunk
Now, who is the cat with the hundred dollar bill (What, what say word)
They gotta send it to the lab to make sure the shit is real
Mr. Nigga, Nigga Nigga
Nigga Nigga.. Nigga

You can laugh and criticize Michael Jackson if you wanna;
Woody Allen molested and married his step-daughter
Same press kicking dirt on Michael's name
Show Woody and Soon-Yi at the playoff game (Holding hands)
Sit back and just bug, think about that
Would he get that type of dap if his name was Woody Black?
O.J. found innocent by jury of his peers
And they been fucking with that nigga for the last five years
Is it fair, is it equal, is it just, is it right?
Do you do the same shit when the defendant face is white?
If white boys doing it, well, it's success
When I start doing it, well, it's suspect
Don't hate me, my folks is poor, I just got money
America's five centuries deep in cotton money
You see a lot of brothers caked up, yo straight up
It's new, y'all livin off of slave traders' paper
But I'm a live though, yo I'm a live though
I'm puttin up the big swing for my kids, yo
Got my mom the fat water-front crib, yo
I'm a get her them pretty bay windows
I'm a cop a nice home to abide in
A safe environment for seeds to reside in
A fresh whip for my whole family to ride in
And if I'm still Mr. Nigga, I won't find it suprisin'9Embed
Kweli say, "Everybody act according to the season that they born in"
Some in the night, some in the morning, some at noon
Some in winter, some in June
It's all cool, it's the natural
Science is a jewel
For me and mines, yours and you
Let's move, tell you a little bit about mine, yo

I was born in a season where the world was quiet and cold
Celebrations were going on
Some were happy, some were sad
Some felt bad from being good
Some felt good from being bad, feelings pass and change
But they never leave, they here to stay
Holiday, holiday, happy birthday
Teenage love, the first cut run deep
Soul on flesh, this is the Brooklyn streets
Year of the Ox, seven and three
M.D., the history (come on)
Every soul got one of these (yes)
It's where you been and where you be
And without understanding you cannot proceed
Complete, the start and the end
Then it just go round again
You might also like
Again and again, brand new
Again and again, so fresh
Again and again, newness

I was born in the decade of decadence where they worshipped what they have
Ford was president, do the math
The war was ended when the North Vietnamese stormed the city of Saigon
We was like, bye, we was gone, let bygones be bygones
I'm gone, spread love, it's the Brooklyn way
Where they hug you with the firearm, try it on
Like new school clothes, Black Star official
Smash when we do a show, it's facts, no mystery
I'm down with the crew like Mussolini in Italy
I rock with the Roots like the Giving Tree
Powerful, bigotry at work, me and my people got history
These rappers dumb it down considerably
We get it poppin' like a hit chorus
The flow is historic, they can't get rid of us
Ubiquitous, and we lay the law like Leviticus
Ten years ago we made history so they missing us

And don't call it a comeback in particular
Even if it blend into ephemera or
Fade into peripheral, transmission of the ministers' origin
Over broadcast clear without diminishing
Black Star stovetop burning soul temperatures, administers
Alkalines, aminos and minerals: essentials
Served over Dilla time signatures
It's miracle material, remember it's right now foreverness3Embed

Bucka-bucka-bucka-bucka-bucka-bucka, haha!
You know the deal; it's just me, yo
Beats by Su-Primo for all of my people, Negroes and Latinos
And even the gringos

Yo, check it
1 for Charlie Hustle, 2 for Steady Rock
3 for the forth-comin' live future shock
It's 5 dimensions, 6 senses
7 firmaments of heaven and hell
8 million stories to tell
9 planets faithfully keepin' orbit, with the probable 10th
The universe expands length
The body of my text possess extra strength
Power-lift the powerless up out of this towering inferno
My ink so hot, it burn through the journal
I'm blacker than midnight on Broadway & Myrtle
Hip-Hop passed all your tall social hurdles
Like the nationwide projects-prison-industry complex
Working-class poor — better keep your alarm set
Streets too loud to ever hear freedom ring
Say evacuate your sleep, it's dangerous to dream
For ch-ching, cats get the "Cha-pow!" — you dead now
Killing fields need blood to graze the cash cow
It's a numbers game, but shit don't add up somehow
Like I got 16 to 32 bars to rock it
But only 15% of profits ever see my pockets
Like $69 billion in the last 20 years
Spent on national defense, but folks still live in fear
Like nearly half of America's largest cities is one-quarter black
That's why they gave Ricky Ross all the crack
16 ounces to a pound, 20 more to a ki
A 5 minute sentence hearing and you no longer free
40% of Americans own a cell phone
So they can hear everythin' that you say when you ain't home
I guess Michael Jackson was right — you are not alone
Rock your hardhat, black, 'cause you in the Terrordome
Full of hard niggas, large niggas, dice-tumblers
Young teens and prison greens facin' life numbers
Crack mothers, crack babies and AIDS patients
Young bloods can't spell, but they could rock you at PlayStation
This New Math is whippin' motherfuckers' ass
You wanna know how to rhyme? You better learn how to add
It's mathematics
You might also like
"The Mighty Mos Def"
"It's simple mathematics"
"Check it out"
"I revolve around science"
"What are we talking about here?"
"The Mighty Mos Def"
"It's simple mathematics"
"Check it out"
"I revolve around science"
"What are we talking about here?"
"Do your math, do your math"
"1, 2, 3, 4"
"What are we talking about here?"

Yo, it's 1 universal law, but 2 sides to every story
3 strikes and you biddin' for life, mandatory
4 MC's murdered in the last 4 years
I ain't tryin' to be the 5th when the millennium is here
Yo, it's 6 million ways to die from the 7 deadly thrills
8-year-olds gettin' found with 9mils
It's 10PM, where your seeds at? What's the deal?
He on the hill pumpin' krills to keep they bellies filled
Light in the ass with heavy steel, sights on the pretty shit in life
Young soldiers tryin' to earn they next stripe
When the average minimum wage is $5.15
You best believe you gotta find a new grind to get C.R.E.A.M
The white unemployment rate is nearly more than triple for black
Some front-liners got they gun in your back
Bubblin' crack, jewel theft and robbery to combat poverty
And end up in the global jail economy
Stiffer stipulations attached to each sentence
Budget cutbacks, but increased police presence
And even if you get out of prison still livin'
Join the other 5 million under state supervision
This is bidness; no faces, just lines and statistics
From your phone, your Zip Code, to SSI digits
The system break man, child and women into figures
2 columns for "Who is" and "Who ain't" niggas
Numbers is hard and real and they never have feelings
But you push too hard, even numbers got limits
Why did one straw break the camel's back?
Here's the secret — the million other straws underneath it
It's all mathematics
"The Mighty Mos Def"
"It's simple mathematics"
"Check it out"
"I revolve around science.."
"What are we talking about here?"
"The Mighty Mos Def"
"It's simple mathematics"
"Check it out"
"I revolve around science.."
"What are we talking about here?"
"Do your math, do your math"
"1, 2, 3, 4"
"What are we talking about here?"

(Mathematics, mathematics, mathematics...)94Embed
(La ilaha ill'Allah)
When...all...is...said...and...done...there's...only...one

Cash and carry, legendary, Sagitarri, style's vary
And it's very necessary, get it clearly
Never scary, barely worried, bright and early
Bald head straight or curly, mundane or otherworldly
No chain, nada jewelry that jackers can't snatch
The gingerbread the slave masters can't catch
Blat! Now put your minds on that
Get real or get back, quit frontin, face facts
The old-timers say we're living in the final days
Gun smoke, young folks living any kind of way
Gangster holiday, greedy snakes and hideaways
Meanwhile soldiers take it straight through their armor plates
Crash hit the market gates, marvels of the modern age
Access is instant and treachery is commonplace
I sense the dangers and I'm not afraid
Because when all is said and done there's only ONE
Man up playboy, playing the game boy
Pull back, spectacular aim boy
Say what you say boy, whoever could make noise
And ride range off in the same voice
Conduct an arrangement with definite language
It's pure inspiration for this generation
Speak true free love
Because when all is said and done there's only one
And the one cyaa done so cool
Schooling the young like Rev. Run ("whose house?")
Quote Pac and tell 'em keep their heads up
And when the pressure comes down press back and press up
Fret not ghetto world, guess what?
God is on your side the devil is a lie (alive?)
The Empire holds all the gold and the guns
But when all is said and done there's only...
(La ilaha ill'Allah)
B.O.O.G.I.E.M.A.NYou might also like1Embed
You say, "one for the treble, two for the time"
Come on, y'all, let's rock this!
You say, "one for the treble, two for the time"
Come on! Speech is my hammer, bang the world into shape
Now let it fall, huh!

My restlessness is my nemesis
It's hard to really chill and sit still, committed to page
I write a rhyme, sometimes won't finish for days
Scrutinize my literature from the large to the miniature
I mathematically add-minister, subtract the wack
Selector, wheel it back, I'm feeling that
Ahaha, from the core to the perimeter black
You know the motto, stay fluid even in staccato (Mos Def)
Full-blooded, full throttle
Breathe deep inside the drum hollow... There's the hum
Young man, where you from? Brooklyn number one!
Native son, speaking in the native tongue
I got my eyes on tomorrow (There it is)
While you still tryin to find where it is
I'm on the Ave where it lives and dies, violently but silently
Shine so vibrantly that eyes squint to catch a glimpse
Embrace the bass with my dark ink fingertips
Used to speak the King's En-ga-lish
But caught a rash on my lips, so now my chat just like dis
Long range from the base-line (swish)
Move like an apparition, low to the ground with ammunition
(Chi-chi-pow) Move from the gate, voice cued
On your tape, putting food on your plate
Many crews can relate, who choosing your fate (yo)
We went from picking cotton
To chain gang line chopping, to Be-Bopping, to Hip-Hopping
Blues people got the blue chip stock option
Invisible man, got the whole world watching
(Where ya at?) I'm high, low, east, west, all over your map
I'm getting big props, with this thing called hip hop
Where you can either get paid or get shot
When your product in stock, the fair-weather friends flock
When your chart position drop, then the phone calls....
Chill for a minute, let's see who else hot, snatch your shelf spot
Don't gas yourself, akh'
The industry just a better built cell block
A long way from the shell tops
And the bells that L rocked (rock, rock, rock, rock...)
You might also like
The more emotion I put into it, the harder I rock

Hip Hop is prosecution evidence
An out of court settlement, ad space for liquor
Sick without benefits (hungh!) Luxury tenements
Choking the skyline, it's low life getting tree-top high
It is a back water remedy
Bitter and tender memory, a class E felony
Facing the death penalty (hungh!)
Stimulant and sedative, original repetitive
Violently competitive, a school unaccredited
The break beats you get broken with on time and inappropriate
Hip Hop went from selling crack to smoking it
Medicine for loneliness remind me of Thelonius and Dizzy
Propers to B-Boys getting busy
The war-time snap shot, the working man's jack-pot
A two dollar snack box sold beneath the crack spot
Olympic sponsor of the black Glock
Gold medalist in the back shot
From the sovereign state of the have-nots
Where farmers have trouble with cash crops (woooo)
It's all-city like Phase 2
Hip Hop will simply amaze you, praise you, pay you
Do whatever you say do, but, black, it can't save you16Embed
(Watch it) Relax, pump the brakes
You're speeding, money
You'll smash your whole shit up (slow down)
Lights be changing fast on these streets, money, slow down
(Slow down) Sleeping on the wrong cats

Clear like a megaphone
Pretty nigga heart skipped the metronome
Rocked the Trump Tower to the terrordome
Poor house to pleasure domes
Soprano, alto, tenor to baritone
Mos Def; one of the illest that you ever known
Rock steady baby, you a stepping stone
Smash your foundation into pebbles
My words leave your nerves unsettled
You take it to the next level down
Looking like a circus clown
Cats like you can't even get a pound
Worldwide from the river to lakeside
My stage show stay live, make the sound man stage dive
I cut fat cats to eight lives with my eight ball lines
I'm home 'fore I'm done with all nine
Got you shook like a fault line
Come all shine and get tarnished
Brooklyn got your pay roll garnished
They form a huddle
Whisper like they want trouble
I melt the ice grills into rainwater puddles
Make the proud-hearted leave on the humble
Black steel in the hour
Assemble my skill form my power
My poems crush bones into powder
You mumble like a coward
I'm Mos Def, you need to speak louder
Superheroes
Get your power, your masks and capes snatched
Brooklyn take what you can't take back
I know a lot of cats hate that
All I can say black
There's a city full of walls you can post complaints at
All the doubters and believers adjust your receivers
"I feel it," you can taste it through the speakers
The three six oh-riginal sketch lyrics so visual
They rent my rhyme books at your nearest home video
You might also like
Tell them cats they need to sit back and observe where they at
Brook-nahm Vietnam
The heat is on
Put your joint on cruise
Try to rush you scuff your brake shoes, just cool and relax
Take a breath, take ten paces back
Stay on time like Omegas
Brooklyn patrol like interstaters
Take their license and their registration papers

My joint's so passionate
Make you peel out and mash your shit
Get wild cold crash your whip
Front chassis wrecked, but akh' you can't be too upset
Tow truck got my tape in the deck
I'm permanent like tattoos and birth marks
Third degree burn marks
Driving on tracks like Dale Earnhardt
Stay on the low like the herb spot
Put a big loss on your earn chart
Nice since the nurse signed my birth chart
Seldom seen but often heard, while your jams is barely heard
Just my name is a daily word
From avenues to streets, terraces and park places
Stair wells, jail cells, penthouse to basements
Arrangement basic, but still fans chase it
Y2K can't delete the true ancient
Apache war drum on the ranges
Skill level dangerous
Arrow head that killed all the cavemen
They cry John-Blazing, but step on the pavement
And get violated like a plaintiff
I ain't shit to play with
I give a Goddamn what your name is
Delete it and make it so it never get repeated
Believe it
Tell the feds, tell your girl, tell your mother
Conference call you wack crew and tell each other
That they just ain't holding me
I'm Mos Def, you hopefully
Mush on before you get bust on like a ovary
Tell them cats they need to ease back and observe where they at
Brook-nahm Vietnam
The heat is on
Put your joint on cruise
Try to rush you scuff your brake shoes, just cool and relax
Take a breath, take ten paces back
Brook-nahm Vietnam
The heat is on, no off-ramp or detour

Make these gassed up jokers observe the speed law
Make these gassed up clowns observe the speed law
Make these gassed up clowns observe the speed law
'Cause they speedin', speedin', speedin', speedin', speedin'
Speedin', speedin', speedin', speedin', speedin'
Speedin', speedin', speedin', speedin', speedin'
Relax
Slow down, you better chill, money
Lights be changing fast on these streets dude
Gonna smash your whole shit up
You better cool out, money
It ain't like that out here
Look at these cats man, it's funny man
You prob'ly just got that car
About to fuck your whole shit up
Speed laws out here, money
Knight Rider cats
In control like interstaters, state-ahs, state-ahs
State-ahs, state-ahs, state-ahs, state-ahs, state-ahs
State-ahs, state-ahs, state-ahs, state-ahs, state-ahs
Stay the fuck off the road, money6Embed
Peace
Da-da-da-da-da
Peace, peace, peace, peace, peace, peace
Power
Ugh
Mad Liberator
Def operator
Rock the data
Amazin' flavor
Yo!

The way I feel — sometimes, it's too hard to sit still
Things are so passionate, times are so real
Sometimes I try and chill, mellow down, blowin' smoke
Smile on my face, but it's really no joke
You feel it in the street, the people breathe without hope
They goin' through the motion, they dimmin' down the focus
The focus get cleared, then the light turn sharp
And the eyes go teary, the mind grow weary
I speak it so clearly, sometimes, y'all don't hear me
I push it past the bass, know nations gotta feel me
I feel it in my bones, black
I'm so wide awake that I'm hardly ever 'sleep
My flow forever deep
And it's volumes of scriptures when I breathe on a beat
My presence speak volumes before I say a word
I'm everywhere — penthouse, pavement and curb
Cradle to the grave, tall cathedral or a cell
Universal ghetto life — holla, black, you know it well
Quiet storm, vital form, pen pushed it right across
Mind is a vital force; high, low or right across
Soul is the lion's roar, voice is the siren
I swing 'round, ring out, and bring down the tyrant
Shocked a small action knock a giant lopsided
The world is so dangerous, there's no need for fightin'
Suckers tryin' to hide like the struggle won't find 'em
Then, the sun bust through the clouds to clearly remind 'em
It's everywhere! — Penthouse, pavement and curb
Cradle to the grave, tall cathedral or a cell
Universal ghetto life — holla, black, you know it well
You might also like
What it is
You know, they know what it is
We know, y'all know what it is
Ecstatic, there it is!
Huh, what it is
You know, we know what it is
They know, y'all know what it is
You don't know? Here it is!
What it is
You know, we know what it is
They know, y'all know what it is
You don't know? Here it is!

Ecstatic
En punto
Ha, ba-da-da-da-da
Peace, power (Ba-da-ba-da-ba)
Fantastic!
Original, and always on time (Jeweler)
And rockin' your mind, just like... (Ruler!)

Sit and come relax, riddle of the mack
It's the patch, I'm a soldier in the middle of Iraq (Uh-huh)
Well, say, about noon-ish, comin' out the whip, and
Lookin' at me curious, a young Iraqi kid (Huh...)
Carryin' laundry, "What's wrong, G? Hungry?"
"No, gimme my oil or get  out my country!"
And in Arabian barkin' other stuff ("Jihad! Muhammad! Jihad! Mahmood!")
'Til his moms come grab him and they walk off in a rush
Distrust, feelin' like I's pissed upon wound
I'm like, "Shorty, hope that we can fix our differences soon! (Bye!)"
Buyin' apples, I'm breakin' on
"You take everythin', why not just take the damn food, black bastard?"
I don't understand it, on another planet? (Uh-huh)
Fifteen months of this stuff, how I'm gonna manage?
And increasin' this sentiment
Gentlemen gettin' down on their Middle Eastern instruments
Realized trapped in this crap (Uh-huh)
Walk over, kicked one of my fabulous raps ("La-Di-Da-Di")
Arab jaw drop, they well wish, they glad rap
Now the kid considered like an Elvis of Baghdad
What it is!

Ali: This one will not win and this one will not, this one will not win
This one win, this one win, ace
This one will not win and this one will not win, dame and ace

What it is!

Omar: Men have two faces: one that laughs and one that cries
Ali: They sent you?
Omar: Yeah, so? Here

What it is, you know, they know
What it is, we know, y'all know
What it is, Ecstatic, there it is!
Huh! What it is, you know, we know
What it is, they know, y'all know
What it is, you don't know? Here it is!
What it is, you know, we know
What it is, they know, y'all know
What it is, you know, here it is!50Embed
They say that goodness in life belongs to those who believe:
So, I believe. Yes

I start to think and then I sink
Into the paper, like I was ink
When I'm writing, I'm trapped in between the lines
I escape, when I finish the rhyme
I start to think and then I sink
Into the paper, like I was ink
When I'm writing, I'm trapped in between the lines
I escape, when I finish

My pop said he was in love when he made me
Thought about it for a second wasn't hard to see
I could hear he was sincere, wasn't game or promotion
The entire affair's probably charged with emotion
When love call your heart I guess you got to pursue
12-11-73, my life is testament
Praise the beneficent, element that breath
Devoid in the form that make love manifest
I spent my early years in Roosevelt Projects
It was a bright valley with some dark prospects
In '83, Vendy C was the host with the most
I listened to the Rap Attack and held the radio close
I listened to the Rap Attack and held the radio close
This is far before the days of high glamour and pose
Aiyo, power from the streetlight made the place dark
I know a few understand what I'm talking about
It was love for the thing that made me wanna stay out
It was love for the thing that made me stay in the house
Spending time, writing rhymes
Trying to find words that describe the vibe
That's inside the space
When you close your eyes and screw your face
Is this the pain of too much tenderness?
To make me nod my head in reverence?
Should I visit this place in remembrance?
Or build landmarks here as evidence?
Nighttime, spirit shook my temperament
To write rhymes that portray this sentiment
We live the now for the promise of the infinite
We live the now for the promise of the infinite
And we believe in the promise
(Love, love, love, love, love
Love, love, love, love, love)
Yes, yes, y'all, and we don't stop because
You might also like
I start to think, and then I sink
Into the paper, like I was ink
When I'm writing, I'm trapped in between the lines
I escape, when I finish the rhyme

I got love, l-o-v-e and I be
Love, l-o-v-e to emcee
Get love, l-o-v-e and I be
Love, l-o-v-e, I emcee
Get love, l-o-v-e and I be
Love, l-o-v-e to emcee
Get love, l-o-v-e and I be
(Love, Love) The M-O-S D-E-Finitely

Check it out, y'all (Uh), feel me out, y'all (Say what)
Feel me out, y'all (yeah), hear me out, y'all (Get down)
Check me, out, y'all (Uh, get down, get down)
Feel me out, y'all (Down, down), check it out, y'all
Now hear out (Bounce), y'all
Check me out, y'all (Uh), feel me out, y'all (All around the world)
Check me out, y'all, feel me out, y'all
Feel me out, y'all (Hear me bounce, y'all, get down)
Check me out, y'all, check it out, y'all
My folks said they was in love when they made me
I take the love they made me with to make rhymes and beats
(Can you feel?) The raw deal is all-wheel driven (right)
Contemplate the essence of beats, rhymes and livin'
Speech align with the rhythm (right), designed with the rhythm
Ears and eyes keep in good time with the rhythm
I shine with the rhythm, the Black Star Galactica
You're big number fatin', we ancient like the abacus
After us, I see most proceed to be trees
Sprouting leaves, givin' breeze to the we who believe
I M.C., which means I Must Cultivate the Earth
Straight back, straight facts, heartbeats and hard work
I be the "Funky Drummer" to soften the hard Earth
(Amin) Pray Allah keep my soul and heart clean
(Amin) Pray the same thing again for all my team
From Restoration to Fort Greene, and on out to Queens
Uptown To Boogie-down, yo, just look around
Shook up the world like Ali in 6-3 (right)
I'm reaching a height that you said cannot be
I'm bringing a light which you said we can't see
Saw the new day comin', it look just like me
Sun bursts through the clouds, my photo ID
I bring light to your day and raise your degree
The universal magnetic, you must respect it
From end to beginning; bright, true and living
Ever-changing but sustaining magnificent
Building the now for the promise of the infinite
Building the now for the promise of the infinite
Because...
I start to think, and then I sink
Into the paper, like I was ink
When I'm writing, I'm trapped in between the lines
I escape, when I finish the rhyme

I got love, l-o-v-e and I be
Love, l-o-v-e to emcee
Get love, l-o-v-e and I be
Love, l-o-v-e, to emcee
Get love, l-o-v-e and I be
Love, l-o-v-e to emcee
Get love, l-o-v-e and I be
(Love, Love) The M-O-S D-E-Finitely

Check it out, y'all8Embed
Black Jack
Was a fighting man
Black Jack
Was a mighty man
You stand them up
He knock them out
Yeah Yeah
That's the real
You stand them up
He knock them down
Yeah yeah
That's the deal
Now sing them high
Hey-hey-hey-hey
Up in the sky
Whoa oh woah
Break it down low
Whoa whoa
Break it off slow
Whoa whoa
Then shout it out
Yeah Yeah Yeah yeah
Yeah yeah yeah yeah
You might also likeWho that boogie man
There that boogie man
Tackidy Tackidy Tap Tap Tap
Holding bread in hand
Go head work that bag
Go head work it say
Talking the talk and walking the walk
Is what daddy do they say
Wear those pretty clothes
Drive them pretty cars
You a super hero
You a super star
You a super man
Go head fly yo cape
Blowing in the wind
Let it touch the hand
Stand and fight and win
Snatch the crown again
Wit' yo mighty swing
And yo flashy smile
Let them see the light
You so black and bright
You so bright you black
Shining you crying to fight them back

Yeah Yeah Yeah Yeah 2Embed
(Let the sun shine)
Yeah, yeah, it's a brand new day, y'all (Let the sunshine in)
Turn me up in the top a little bit, dawg
I want you to know, I want you to hear this one (The sun's shinin')
Loud and clear, bright and early
Listen!

I don't hate players, I don't love the game
I'm the shot clock way above the game
To be point blank witchu — motherfuck the game!
I got all this work on me, I ain't come for play
You can show the little shorties how you pump and fake
But dawg, not to Def, I'm not impressed
I'm not amused, I'm not confused, I'm not the dude
I'm grown man business, I am not in school
Put your hand down, youngin', this is not for you
On my J-O with beats by Kanye, yo
My name on the marquee, your name off the payroll
Style fresh like I'm still a day old
And it's been like that since the day 0
I'm on time like a Roley or Seiko
Step on deck, your neck do what I say so
Get up or get out, get down or lay low
You might also like
(Let the sun shine)
Standin' in the shadow of a fabulous man
Brooklyn nigga I am, Black Dante (Let the sunshine in)
That nigga, that dude
Black people, let's move (The sun's shinin')
Shout out to my man Talib Kweli, yes
We on top-a top-a, shotta, shotta
Check it out!

Slim nigga that cast a big shadow
Cherokee Red that shoot the long arrow
Got mo' skill, mo' aim, and mo' ammo
You can get it all from a big or small barrel
Like, "Hail Mary, full of grace..."
Niggas come in and shoot up the place, and make you pull up your face
The deck, I'ma pull out the ace
From the jungles of the Empire State, where it ain't no escape
247, 718, and that's like every night, every day
From the place that I settle and stay
To the States, I'm collectin' my pay
Blast off, then I'm back to the K
Hold it down so my family straight
Represent in a family way
Pro-ball, not for amateur play
Been raw since the amateur stage
Before the press had the cameras raised
(Let the sun shine)
Like a long time man of the way
You understandin' me straight? (Let the sunshine in)
Yes, yes, no doubt! Excellence
It's what it is, it's what it is, and that's what it is, you see?
(The sun's shinin')
Ha! Fire!!

'Cause it is deeper, sweeter, richer, crisper
Stronger reception and sharper picture
Revolve around God, and involve with niggas
These elements help evolve my scripture
And make Mos Def a classic modern figure
Brooklyn — it don't matter if ya holler or whisper
You comin' through clear, 'cause I'm right here witcha
Ain't gotta edit your slang — I got it, I get ya
Yo, brothers and sisters, fathers and mothers
The lovers, the leavers, the doubters, believers
The stayers, the quitters, the bitches, the niggas
Rebel guerrillas to ghetto civilians
Y'all gon' feel it from the first to the millionth
It's extra, ordinary and plain
I walked a thousand paces of life ahead of the game
By the time that you get where I'm standin', I'll be gone
Y'all make moves, but y'all just move wrong
(Let the sun shine)
I move in, and y'all must move on, 'cause I'm molto strong
And I know what my feet move for (Let the sunshine in)
Make it go without a brand new car
I was fresh without a brand new song
Don't give a fuck about what brand you are (The sun's shinin')
I'm concerned what type of man you are
What your principles and standards are
You understand me, y'all?
Be good to your family, y'all
No matter where your families are
'Cause everybody need family, y'all
Raise a hand if you understand me, y'all
Everybody need family, y'all
Be good to your families, dawg
Understand, no matter where your families are
Everybody need family, dawg
Raise your hand, you understand me, pah
That's what it is, that's my man
Family of my family Pencil Pete
My man too, all our loved ones behind the walls
All of those still in the struggle
Assata, Mumia, Sundiata, my man Jamil
(Let the sun shine)
Life is real
To all the real soldiers, black people (Let the sunshine in)
We family y'all (The sun's shinin')
Let it be bright..10Embed
Absolutely, Flaco!

Fresh and I'm fresh and my fresh just get fresher
Diamonds in production glow greater than the pressure
The none turn to some and the some turn to more
The more turn to many and the many turn to all
Shoutin' all or nothing like it's nothing at all
Do not kno' what ya got til it got gone
Same song, new time signature
New brand hustle with the long time arithmetic
Bey, from the preacher man, number man, understand
Curves and sliders, overs and underhands
Black Batman, knock em out the park
Pitch, quiet fire sniper not the one you tryna box with
Block work when the block turn jobless
And triple beams ain't the best means to weigh your options
Smarts, get smart with your smartness
Too busy surviving to argue 'bout Darwin...Darling!

See me, huh, a pretty dancer
Me, Sugar Ray and Ali pretty dancer
See me do it, (see me do it)
Ready, steady, step it out
You might also like
Big swing swing with bangers and thing thingers
Soul glo zinging all over the ring finger
Yo, yo! Don't play me so close
Let me tell you something that you ain't really ready to know
Fight camp you was in top form
Fight night, damn you ain't breakin' popcorn
Aw man word bond?
Word is bond! Ultimatum
Lights off, smelling salts resuscitate em
I don't underrate em son, I don't nothing-rate em
All I do is pop pop,  em
Exacerbate em, sharp shoot, lacerate em
Steady hustle, shuffle shuffle, fascinate em
Ecstatic nature black imagination activated
True and living elevated, you are rockin' with the greatest
Ecstatic nature black imagination activated
True and living elevated, you are rockin' with the greatest

It's like a dove from up above
See me, huh, a pretty dancer
Me, Sugar Ray and Ali pretty dancer
See me do it (see me do it)
Ready, steady, step it out
Fly like a dove from up above
See me, huh, a pretty dancer
Me, Sugar Ray and Ali pretty dancer
See me do it (see me do it)
Ready, steady, step it out
Skip...move
Skip...move
Skip...move (Fly like a dove from up above)
Skip...move (Fly like a dove from up above)
Fly like a dove from up above
The greatest
Fly like a dove from up above (See me do it!)
Fly like a dove from up above
Fly like a dove from up above
(Fly like a dove from up above)
Ecstatic nature black imagination activated
True and living elevated, you are rockin' with the greatest
(Fly like a dove from up above)
Ecstatic nature black imagination activated
True and living elevated, you are rockin' with the greatest
(Fly like a dove from up above)
Ecstatic nature black imagination activated
True and living elevated, you are rockin' with the greatest
(Fly like a dove from up above)
Ecstatic nature black imagination activated
True and living elevated, you are rockin' with the greatest
(Fly like a dove from up above)
Ecstatic nature black imagination activated
True and living elevated, you are rockin' with the greatest
(Fly like a dove from up above)
Ecstatic nature black imagination activated
True and living elevated, you are rockin' with the greatest
(Fly like a dove from up above)
Ecstatic nature black imagination activated
True and living elevated, you are rockin' with the greatest
(Fly like a dove from up above)
Ecstatic nature black imagination activated
True and living elevated, you are rockin' with the greatest
"Boogieman"2Embed
I know I can't afford to stop
For one moment, that it's too soon to forget
I know I can't afford to stop
For one moment, that it's too soon to forget

Man, duke, I was in love with this girl, duke
I was tore up, dog, I'm tellin' you, man
Shit is wild, man, for real
It's, she's from, let me tell you about her

Yo, in she came with the same type game
The type of girl givin' out the fake cellphone and name
Big fame, she like cats with big things
Jewels chipped, money clip, phone flip, the six range
I seen her on the Ave., spotted her more than once
Ass so fat that you could see it from the front
She spot me like paparazzi, shot me a glance
In that Catwoman stance with the fat booty pants, hot damn!
What's your name, love? Where you came from?
Neck and wrist laced up, very little make-up
The Schwinns at the Reebok gym tone your frame up
Is sugar and spice the only thing that you made of?
I tried to play it low key, but couldn't keep it down
Asked her to dance and she was like, "Yo, I'm leavin' now"
An hour later, sounds from Jamaica
She's sippin' Cris' straight up, skankin', windin' her waist up
Scene 2 — my fam's throwin' a jam
Fareed is on the stand, big things is in the plans
The brother Big Mu makes space for me to move
"A-yo, this my man Mos, baby, let me introduce"
I turned around (Say word!)
You was the same pretty bird who I had priorly observed
Tryin' to play me for the herb (Yeah, that's her)
Shocked as hell she couldn't get it together
I just played along and pretended I never met her
How you feelin'? "Oh, I'm fine", my name is Mos "I'm Sharice"
I heard so much good about you, it's nice to finally meet
We moved to the booth reserved for crew especially
And honey love ended up sittin' directly next to me
I'm type polite, but now I'm lookin' at her skeptically
'Cause baby girl got all the right weaponry
Designer fabric, shoes and accessories
Chinky eyes, sweet voice is fuckin' with me mentally
We conversated, made her laugh — yeah, you know me, bro
Even though I know the steelo, she wild sweet, yo
I'm 'bout to murk, I say peace to the family
She hop up like, "How you gon' leave before you dance with me?"
You might also like
I know I can't afford to stop
For one moment, that it's too soon to forget
I know I can't afford to stop
For one moment, that it's too soon to forget

She blew my whole head with that, duke, I was like, word?
I played it low though
I was like, yeah, aight, come on then, let's go
Niggas was mad, niggas was so sick, I tell (ya)
Yo, honey was so blazin', she was just..
Yo, she looked like Jayne Kennedy, word bond, to my mother, man
She was that ill, man
She take me to the dance floor and she start whisperin' to me..

"Yo, let me apologize for the other night, I know it wasn't right
But baby, you know what it's like, some brothers don't be comin' right"
I understand, I'm feelin' you
Besides, "Can I have a dance?" ain't really that original
We laughed about it, traced her arms across my shoulder blades
They playin' Lovers Rock, I got the folded fingers on her waist
Heatin' my blood up like the Arizona summer
Song finished then she whispered, "Honey, let's exchange numbers"
Scene 3 — weeks of datin', late night conversation
In the crib, heart racin', tryin' to be cool and patient
She touched on my eyelids, the room fell silent
She walked away smilin', singin' Gregory Isaacs
Like, "If I don't, if I don't have you"
Showin' me her tan line and her tattoo
Playin' Sade, Sweetest Taboo
Burnin' candles, all my other plans got cancelled
Man, I smashed it like a Idaho potato
She call me at my J.O., "Come now", I can't say no
Ginseng tree trunks, rockin' the P-funk
Cockin' her knees up, champion lover, not ease up
Three months — she call, I feel I'm runnin' a fever
Six months — I'm tellin' her I desperately need her
Nine months — flu-like symptoms when shorty not around
I need more than to knock it down, I'm really tryin' to lock it down
Midnight, we hook up and go at it
Burn a stoge and let her know, sweetheart, I got to have it
She tellin' me commitment is somethin' she can't manage
Wake up the next mornin', she gone like it was magic
Aww, damn it! My shit is on Harrison Ford Frantic
My 911's unanswered by my fly Taurus enchantress
Next week, Mu hit me up, I saw Sharice at the Kittie club
With some bangin' ass Asian playin' lay it down and lick me up
What!?54Embed
Llámame Flaco, pero mi primero nombre es Yasiin Dante
El apellido es Bey
Oiga
Mis ojos son testigo
La hermosa, el peligro distinto claro que si la verdad
La calle, el pueblo
Las fincas y centros
Ciudad calidad no mejor, mala mas
Guerra y vida, amor y cambio
Comida la guarda
Pistola, oracion para ellos
Damas y caballeros
Familia, crianza
La luz en la distancia
Quiero y lo dijo
Bien es mas cercana
Mi vista, mi casa, mis sueños, mi alma
Quiero saber lo senti tu abrazo
Y tu contacto
Muestreme  algo
Claro
Amen
You might also likeClaro, claro, claro que si
No hay nada mas
No hay nada mas
Final
No hay nada mas
Claro, claro, claro que si
No hay nada mas
Y no hay nada mas
Final
No hay nada mas
Claro, claro, claro que si6Embed